<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230210_10-K_edgar_data_1037646_0001037646-23-000005.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16053572</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>285941</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2211519</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6045124</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3779558</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3445634</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001037646-23-000005.hdr.sgml : 20230210
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230210123521
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001037646-23-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		110
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230210
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230210

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			METTLER TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001037646
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LABORATORY ANALYTICAL INSTRUMENTS [3826]
		IRS NUMBER:				133668641
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13595
		FILM NUMBER:		23609907

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1900 POLARIS PARKWAY
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43240
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6144384511

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1900 POLARIS PARKWAY
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43240

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	METTLER TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19971117

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MT INVESTORS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970411

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001037646-23-000005.txt : 20230210

10-K
 1
 mtd-20221231.htm
 10-K

mtd-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 and 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 1- - and +41- - 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer . Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of January 26, 2023 there wer e share s of the registrant s Common Stock, par value per share, outstanding. The aggregate market value of the shares of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022 (based on the closing price for the Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, June 30, 2022) was approximately billion. For purposes of this computation, shares held by affiliates and by directors of the registrant have been excluded. Such exclusion of shares held by directors is not intended, nor shall it be deemed, to be an admission that such persons are affiliates of the registrant. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 Document Part of Form 10-K Into Which Incorporated Certain Sections of the Proxy Statement for 2023 Part III Annual Meeting of Shareholders 

METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 29 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 29 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 32 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 47 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 47 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 47 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 47 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 48 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 48 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 49 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 50 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 50 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 50 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 50 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 51 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 51 
 SIGNATURES 
 E-4 

2 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS DISCLAIMER 
 
 You should not rely on forward-looking statements to predict our actual results. Our actual results or performance may be materially different than reflected in forward-looking statements because of various risks and uncertainties, including statements about expected revenue growth, inflation, impacts of COVID-19 and ongoing developments related to Ukraine. You can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, could, would, should, expect, plan, anticipate, intend, believe, estimate, predict, potential, or continue. 
 We make forward-looking statements about future events or our future financial performance, including earnings and sales growth, earnings per share, strategic plans and contingency plans, growth opportunities or economic downturns, our ability to respond to changes in market conditions, planned research and development efforts and product introductions, adequacy of facilities, access to and the costs of raw materials, shipping and supplier costs, gross margins, customer demand, our competitive position, pricing, capital expenditures, cash flow, tax-related matters, the impact of foreign currencies, compliance with laws, effects of acquisitions, and the impact of inflation, the COVID-19 pandemic and ongoing developments related to Ukraine on our business. 
 Our forward-looking statements may not be accurate or complete, and we do not intend to update or revise them in light of actual results. New risks also periodically arise. Please consider the risks and factors that could cause our results to differ materially from what is described in our forward-looking statements, including inflation, the uncertain duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and ongoing developments related to Ukraine. See in particular Factors Affecting Our Future Operating Results and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 We are a leading global supplier of precision instruments and services. We have strong leadership positions in all of our businesses and believe we hold global number-one market positions in most of them. We are recognized as an innovation leader and our solutions are critical in key research and development, quality control, and manufacturing processes for customers in a wide range of industries including life sciences, food, and chemicals. Our sales and service network is one of the most extensive in the industry. Our products are sold in more than 140 countries and we have a direct presence in approximately 40 countries. With proven growth strategies and a focus on execution, we have achieved a long-term track record of strong financial performance. 
 Our business is geographically diversified, with net sales in 2022 derived 26 from Europe, 40 from North and South America, and 34 from Asia and other countries. Our customer base is also diversified by industry and by individual end-customer. 
 Mettler-Toledo International Inc. was incorporated as a Delaware corporation in 1991 and became a publicly traded company with its initial public offering in 1997. 
 Business Segments 
 We have five reportable segments: U.S. Operations, Swiss Operations, Western European Operations, Chinese Operations, and Other. See Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under Results of Operations by Reportable Segment for detailed results by segment and geographic region. 
 We manufacture a wide variety of precision instruments and provide value-added services to our customers. Our principal products and services are described below. We also describe our customers and distribution, sales and service, research and development, manufacturing, and certain other matters. These descriptions apply to substantially all of our products and related reportable segments. 
 Laboratory Instruments 
 We make a wide variety of precision laboratory instruments for sample preparation, synthesis, analytical bench top, material characterization, and in-line measurement. Our portfolio includes laboratory balances, liquid pipetting solutions, automated laboratory reactors including real-time analytics, titrators, pH meters, process analytics sensors and analyzer technology, physical value analyzers including density and refractometry instruments, thermal analysis systems, and other analytical instruments such as UV/VIS spectrophotometers and moisture analyzers. Our laboratory instruments have leading-edge embedded software and we also offer LabX, our laboratory software platform to manage and analyze data generated from our instruments. The laboratory instruments and related service business accounted for approximately 57 of our net sales in 2022, 56 in 2021, and 54 in 2020. 
 Laboratory Balances 
 Our laboratory balances have weighing ranges from one ten-millionth of a gram up to 64 kilograms. To respond to a wide range of customer needs and value/price points, we market our balances in a range of product tiers offering different levels of functionality. We also provide filter weighing and powder and liquid dosing automated systems. Based on the same weighing technology platform, we manufacture mass comparators, which are used by weights and measures officials as well as National Measurement Institute laboratories to ensure the accuracy of reference weights. Laboratory balances are primarily used in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, testing labs, food, chemical, cosmetics, academia, and other industries. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Pipettes 
 Pipettes are used in life science research laboratories for dispensing small volumes of liquids. We develop, manufacture, and distribute advanced pipettes, including single- and multi-channel manual and electronic pipettes. We also develop and produce high-value consumables such as pipette tips. We maintain service centers in key markets where customers periodically send their pipettes for certified recalibrations. These service centers, combined with our advanced asset management solutions, provide our customers with innovative solutions to maintain their instruments and meet regulatory compliance. Our principal end-markets are pharmaceutical, biotech, and academia. 
 Analytical Instruments 
 Titrators measure the chemical composition of samples and are used in environmental and research laboratories as well as in quality control labs in the pharmaceutical, testing lab, food and beverage, and other industries. Our high-end titrators are multi-tasking models, which can perform two determinations simultaneously on multiple vessels. Our offering includes robotics to automate routine work in quality control applications. 
 Thermal analysis systems measure material properties as a function of temperature, such as weight, dimension, energy flow, and viscoelastic properties. Thermal analysis systems are used in nearly every industry, but primarily in plastics and polymer industries and academia and increasingly in the pharmaceutical industry. 
 pH meters measure acidity in laboratory samples. We also manufacture and sell density and refractometry instruments, which measure chemical concentrations in solutions. In addition, we manufacture and sell moisture analyzers, which precisely determine the moisture content of a sample by utilizing the loss on drying method, and UV/VIS spectrophotometers that optimize spectroscopic workflows. 
 Laboratory Software 
 LabX, our laboratory software platform, manages and analyzes data generated by our balances, titrators, pH meters, physical value analyzers, and other analytical instruments like UV/VIS spectrophotometers. LabX provides full network capability; assists with workflow automation; has efficient, intuitive protocols; and enables customers to collect and archive data in compliance with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration s traceability and data integrity requirements for electronically stored data (also known as 21 CFR Part 11). 
 Automated Chemistry Solutions 
 Our automated chemistry solutions focus on select applications in the chemical and drug discovery process. Our automated lab reactors and in situ analysis systems are considered integral to the process development and scale-up activities of our customers. Our on-line measurement technologies, based on infrared and laser light scattering, enable customers to monitor chemical reactions and crystallization processes in real time in the lab and plant. In situ samples allow overnight sampling and testing. Additionally, we provide industry-leading software solutions that enable our customers to manage, optimize, and improve experiments as well as production scale-up. We believe that our portfolio of integrated technologies can bring significant efficiencies to the development process, enabling our customers to bring new drugs and chemicals to market faster. 
 Process Analytics 
 Our process analytics business provides instruments for the in-line measurement of liquid and gas parameters used primarily in the production process of pharmaceutical, biotech, beverage, micro- 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 electronics, chemical, and refining companies, as well as power plants. More than half of our process analytics sales are to the pharmaceutical and biotech markets, where our customers need fast and secure scale-up and production that meet the validation processes required for GMP (Good Manufacturing Processes) and other regulatory standards like the USP (U.S. Pharmacopoeia) regulations for ultrapure water quality. 
 We are a leading solution provider for liquid analytical measurement to control and optimize production processes. Our solutions include sensor and analyzer technology for measuring pH, dissolved oxygen, carbon dioxide, conductivity, turbidity, ozone, total organic carbons, pressure, bioburden, sodium, and silica, as well as laser analyzers for gas measurement. Intelligent sensor diagnostics capabilities enable improved asset management solutions for our customers to reduce process downtime and maintenance costs. Our instruments offer leading multi-parameter capabilities and plant-wide control system integration, which are key for integrated measurement of multiple parameters to secure production quality and efficiency. With a worldwide network of specialists, we support customers in critical process applications, compliance, and systems integration questions. 
 Industrial Instruments 
 We manufacture numerous industrial weighing instruments and related terminals and offer dedicated software solutions for the pharmaceutical, chemical, food, discrete manufacturing, and other industries. In addition, we manufacture metal detection, x-ray, checkweighing, and other end-of-line product inspection systems used in production and packaging. We supply automatic identification and data capture solutions, which integrate in-motion weighing, dimensioning, and identification technologies for transport, shipping, and logistics customers. We also offer heavy industrial scales and related software. The industrial instruments and related service business accounted for approximately 38 of our net sales in 2022, 39 in 2021, and 40 in 2020. 
 Industrial Weighing Instruments 
 We offer a comprehensive line of industrial scales and weighing devices, such as bench scales, floor scales, and weigh modules, for weighing loads from a few grams to several thousand kilograms in applications ranging from measuring materials in production to quality completeness control in manufacturing to weighing packages at the end of the line. Our products are used in a wide range of industrial applications, such as counting, formulating and mixing ingredients, and quality control. 
 Industrial Terminals 
 Our industrial scale terminals collect data and integrate it into manufacturing processes, helping to automate them. Our terminals allow users to remotely download formulation recipes or access setup data and can minimize downtime through predictive rather than reactive maintenance. 
 Transportation and Logistics 
 We supply automatic dimensional measurement and data capture solutions, which integrate in-motion weighing, dimensioning, and identification technologies. With these solutions, customers can measure the weight and cubic volume of packages for appropriate billing, load management, and quality control. Our solutions also integrate into customers information systems. 
 Vehicle Scale Systems 
 Our primary heavy industrial products are scales for weighing trucks or railcars (i.e., weighing bulk goods as they enter or leave a factory or at a toll station). Heavy industrial scales are capable of measuring weights up to 500 tons and permit accurate weighing under extreme environmental conditions. We also 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 offer advanced computer software that can be used with our heavy industrial scales to facilitate a broad range of customer solutions and provides a complete system for managing vehicle transaction processing. 
 Industrial Software 
 We offer software that can be used with our industrial instruments. Examples include FreeWeigh.Net, statistical quality control software; FormWeigh.Net, formulation/batching software; and DataBridge, which supports the operation of vehicle scales. FreeWeigh.Net and FormWeigh.Net provide full network capability and enable customers to collect and archive data in compliance with U.S. Food and Drug Administration requirements, 21 CFR Part 11. 
 Product Inspection 
 Increasing safety and consumer protection requirements are driving the need for more sophisticated end-of-line product inspection systems (e.g., for use in food processing and packaging, pharmaceutical, packaged consumer goods, and other industries). We are a leading global provider of metal detectors, x-ray systems, checkweighers, camera-based imaging equipment, and track-and-trace solutions that are used in these industries. Metal detectors are most commonly used to detect fine particles of metal that may be contained in raw materials or may be generated by the manufacturing process itself. X-ray inspection is used to detect metallic contamination in applications unsuited to metal detectors and many types of non-metallic contamination, such as glass, calcified bone, stones, and pits. Our x-ray systems are also used for mass control and for determining and controlling the fat content in meat. Checkweighers are used to control the filled weight of packaged goods such as food, pharmaceuticals, and cosmetics. Our camera-based vision inspection solutions provide in-line inspection of package quality, labels, and content, which are needs for food and beverage, consumer goods, and pharmaceutical companies. Vision inspection systems with associated specialist software enable our pharmaceutical customers to implement traceability and serialization tracking, as required by regulation. 
 All of our technologies are integrated with material handling systems to ensure the correct presentation of the customer s product to the device and the secure rejection of non-conforming product, and are frequently designed to comply with stringent hygiene standards. Our technologies may also be used together as components of integrated packaging lines. ProdX Inspect is our quality and productivity control software for helping customers comply with regulations and optimize process efficiency, either as a stand-alone solution or through integration with the customer s manufacturing and enterprise systems. 
 Retail Weighing Solutions 
 Supermarkets, hypermarkets, and other food retail businesses make use of multiple weighing and food labeling solutions for handling fresh goods (such as meats, vegetables, fruits, or cheeses). We offer networked scales and software, which can integrate backroom, counter, self-service, and checkout functions and can incorporate fresh goods item data into a supermarket s overall food item and inventory management system. In addition, we offer stand-alone scales for basic counter weighing and pricing, price finding, and printing. The customer benefits of our retail solutions are in the areas of enterprise-wide article and price management, merchandising, and regulatory compliance. In North America and select other markets, our offering also includes automated packaging and labeling solutions for the meat backroom, which are fully integrated with the scales in the store. The retail business accounted for approximately 5 of our net sales in both 2022 and 2021 and 6 in 2020. 
 Customers and Distribution 
 Our principal customers include companies in the following key end-markets: the life science industry (pharmaceutical and biotech companies, as well as independent research organizations and testing labs); food and beverage manufacturers; chemical, specialty chemicals, and cosmetics companies; the 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 academic community; food retailers; the transportation and logistics industry; the metals industry; and the electronics industry. 
 Our products are sold through a variety of distribution channels. Generally, more technically sophisticated products are sold through our direct sales force, while less complicated products are sold through indirect channels. Our sales through direct channels exceed our sales through indirect channels. A significant portion of our sales in the Americas is generated through indirect channels, including sales of our Ohaus-branded products. Ohaus-branded products target markets, such as the educational market, in which customers are interested in lower cost, a more limited set of features, and less comprehensive support and service. 
 We have a diversified customer base, with no single end-customer accounting for more than 1 of 2022 net sales. 
 Sales and Service 
 Market Organizations 
 We maintain geographically focused market organizations around the world that are responsible for all aspects of our sales and service. The market organizations are customer-focused, with an emphasis on building and maintaining value-added relationships with customers in our target market segments. Each market organization has the ability to leverage best practices from other units while maintaining the flexibility to adapt its marketing and service efforts to account for different cultural and economic conditions. Market organizations also work closely with our producing organizations (described below) by providing feedback on manufacturing and product development initiatives, new product and application ideas, and information about key market segments. 
 We have one of the largest and broadest global sales and service organizations among precision instrument manufacturers we compete against. At December 31, 2022, our sales and service group consisted of approximately 9,100 employees in sales, marketing and customer service (including related administration), and post-sales technical service, located in approximately 40 countries. This field organization has the capability to provide service and support to our customers and distributors in major markets across the globe. This is important because our customers increasingly seek to do business with a consistent global approach. 
 Service 
 Our service business continues to be successful with a focus on providing uptime and calibration services, as well as further expanding our offerings to provide value-added services for a range of market needs, including regulatory compliance, performance enhancements, application expertise and training, and remote services. We have a unique offering to our pharmaceutical customers in promoting the use of our instruments in compliance with FDA and other international regulations, and we can provide these services to most customers locations around the world. Our global service network is also an important factor in our ability to expand in emerging markets. We estimate that we have the largest installed base of weighing instruments in the world. Service (representing service contracts, on-demand services, and replacement parts) accounted for approximately 20 of our net sales in both 2022 and 2021 and 22 in 2020. 
 Beyond revenue opportunities, we believe service is a key part of our solution offering and helps significantly in customer retention. The close relationships and frequent contact with our large customer base allow us to be the trusted advisor of our customers, which provides us with high-quality sales opportunities as well as innovative product and application ideas. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Research and Development and Manufacturing 
 Producing Organizations 
 Our research, product development, and manufacturing efforts are organized into a number of producing organizations. Our focused producing organizations help reduce product development time and costs, improve customer focus, and maintain technological leadership. The producing organizations work together to share ideas and best practices, and there is a close interface and coordinated customer interaction among marketing organizations and producing organizations. We also have regional logistics hubs to satisfy customer delivery requirements while optimizing our logistics processes. 
 Research and Development 
 We continue to invest in product innovation to provide technologically advanced products to our customers for existing and new applications. Over the last three years, we have invested 487 million in research and development 177 million in 2022, 170 million in 2021, and 140 million in 2020), which is approximately 5 of net sales for each year. Our research and development efforts fall into three categories: 
 technology advancements, which generate new products or features and increase the value of our products. These advancements may be in the form of enhanced or new functionality, new applications for our technologies, more accurate or reliable measurement, additional software capability, or automation through robotics or other means. 
 applications development to complement our products and provide complete solutions to our customers. 
 cost reductions, which reduce the manufacturing cost of our products through better overall design and/or improve the ease of serviceability. 
 We devote a substantial proportion of our research and development budget to software development. This includes software to process the signals captured by the sensors of our instruments, application-specific software, and software that connects our solutions into customers existing IT systems. We closely integrate research and development with marketing, manufacturing, and product engineering. We have approximately 1,600 employees in research and development and product engineering in countries around the globe. 
 Manufacturing 
 We are a worldwide manufacturer, with facilities principally located in China, Switzerland, the United States, Germany, the United Kingdom, and Mexico. We emphasize product quality in our manufacturing operations, and most of our products require very strict tolerances and exact specifications. We use an extensive quality control system that is integrated into each step of the manufacturing process. All major manufacturing facilities have achieved ISO 9001 certification. We believe that our manufacturing capacity is sufficient to meet our present and currently anticipated demand. 
 We generally manufacture critical components, which are components that contain proprietary technology. When outside manufacturing is more efficient, we contract with other manufacturers for certain nonproprietary components. We use a wide range of suppliers. We believe our supply arrangements are adequate and that there are no material constraints on the sources and availability of materials. From time to time, we may rely on a single supplier for all of our requirements of a particular component. Supply arrangements for electronic components are generally made globally. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Backlog; Seasonality 
 Our manufacturing turnaround time is generally short, which permits us to manufacture orders to fill for most of our products. Backlog is generally a function of requested customer delivery dates and is typically not longer than one to two months. 
 Our business has historically experienced a slight amount of seasonal variation, particularly the high-end laboratory instruments business. Traditionally, sales in the first quarter are slightly lower than, and sales in the fourth quarter are slightly higher than, sales in the second and third quarters. Fourth quarter sales have historically generated approximately 28 to 30 of our net sales. This trend has a somewhat greater effect on earnings before taxes than on net sales because fixed costs are generally incurred evenly across all quarters. 
 Employees 
 Our total global workforce was approximately 18,000, consisting of 16,400 employees and 1,600 temporary personnel, as of December 31, 2022, and includes approximately 6,400 in Europe, 5,200 in North and South America, and 6,400 in Asia and other countries. 
 We are proud of our corporate culture and our talented employees. We endeavor to continue to provide an attractive work environment and keep our employees fully engaged. We know that our future success depends on attracting, developing, and retaining the best employees. We promote equal opportunity and inclusiveness worldwide and value diversity in our global workforce, which reflects the diversity in the many communities in which we operate internationally. We employ people of more than 100 nationalities. 
 We promote diversity and we encourage all employees, inclusive of all our demographics, to take on more responsibilities and management positions. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 36 of our global employee headcount was female, with approximately 28 holding management positions. We place great emphasis on performance management, training, and developing our employees across all levels and regions. During 2022, approximately 97 of employees completed one or more training courses, including part-time and temporary personnel. Lastly, we have local safety programs in place in all relevant units, and select locations have implemented a certified work safety management system. Severe workplace accidents are rare and there has been one fatality from an occupational incident related to a motor vehicle accident in the past five years. 
 We believe our employee relations are good, and we have not suffered any material employee work stoppage or strike during the last five years. Approximately 9,000 employees are represented by collective bargaining or another arrangement organized to represent employee interests. 
 Sustainability 
 Sustainability touches all aspects of our business, from designing, sourcing, and producing our products, to selling and delivering them to our customers, to handling them at the end of their lifecycle. A sustainable mindset helps guide us to make the right decisions for our customers, employees, suppliers, shareholders, and the communities in which we operate our business. We want to manage our business sustainably to position the Company for long-term growth. More than 10 years ago, we launched our GreenMT program to pursue environmental, social, and governance priorities where we can have a significant positive impact. We do this in five key areas: (1) keeping our operations sustainable over the long term by ensuring we use resources efficiently, (2) helping our customers to be sustainable in their businesses by offering sustainable products and services, (3) promoting responsible practices within our supply chain, (4) ensuring an engaged workforce through fair, attractive, safe, and development-minded workplaces, and (5) following corporate governance best practices. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 We have set a number of goals relating to our GreenMT sustainability program, including reducing our carbon footprint and other environmental, social, and governance goals. As an example, as of 2020, we achieved carbon neutrality with respect to Scope 1 and Scope 2 CO 2 emissions, and source 100 renewable electricity for all our operations. We also have goals relating to waste, including reducing our waste intensity by 20 and achieving zero waste to landfill, in each case by 2025. Furthermore, we are committed to greenhouse gas emission reduction targets in line with what the latest climate science deems necessary to meet the goals of the 2015 Paris Agreement on climate change. Our commitment includes near-term and long-term/net-zero targets approved by the Science Based Target initiative (SBTi). We report annually on our progress related to sustainability topics in our Corporate Responsibility Report, available on www.mt.com/sustainability. 
 Blue Ocean Program 
 Blue Ocean refers to our program to establish a global operating model with standardized, automated, and integrated processes and high levels of global data transparency. It encompasses an enterprise architecture, with a global, single-instance ERP system. Within our IT systems, we continue to move toward integrated, homogeneous applications and common data structures. We also are largely standardizing our key business processes. The implementation of the systems and processes has been proceeding on a staggered basis over a multi-year period. We have implemented the Blue Ocean program in our operations in the U.S., China, most of Asia Pacific, and a significant portion of Europe including Switzerland, Germany, U.K., Benelux, and Spain. We estimate that we have more than 85 of our users on the program, and we will continue to implement additional locations and functionality over the coming years. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We hold over 5,400 patents and trademarks (including pending applications), primarily in the United States, Switzerland, China, the European Union, Germany, the United Kingdom, Italy, France, Japan, South Korea, Brazil, and India. Our products generally incorporate a wide variety of technological innovations, some of which are protected by patents of various durations. Products are generally not protected as a whole by individual patents, and as a result, no one patent or group of related patents is material to our business. We have numerous trademarks, including the Mettler-Toledo name and logo, which are material to our business. We regularly protect against infringement of our intellectual property. 
 Regulation 
 Our products are subject to various regulatory standards and approvals by weights and measures regulatory authorities. All of our electrical components are subject to electrical safety standards. We believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with applicable regulations. 
 Approvals are required to ensure our instruments do not impermissibly influence other instruments and are themselves not affected by other instruments. In addition, some of our products are used in legal for trade applications, in which prices based on weight are calculated and for which specific weights and measures approvals are required. Although there are a large number of regulatory agencies across our markets, there is an increasing trend toward harmonization of standards, and weights and measures regulation is harmonized across the European Union. 
 Our products may also be subject to special requirements depending on the end-user and market. For example, laboratory customers are typically subject to Good Laboratory Practices (GLP), industrial customers to Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP), pharmaceutical customers to U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulations, and customers in food processing industries may be subject to Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (HACCP) regulations. Products used in hazardous environments may also be subject to special requirements. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Environmental Matters 
 We are subject to environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We own or lease a number of properties and manufacturing facilities around the world. Like many of our competitors, we have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in complying with such laws and regulations. 
 We are currently involved in, or have potential liability with respect to, the remediation of past contamination in certain of our facilities. A former subsidiary of Mettler-Toledo, LLC known as Hi-Speed Checkweigher Co., Inc. was one of two private parties ordered by the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection, in an administrative consent order signed on June 13, 1988, to investigate and remediate certain ground water contamination at a property in Landing, New Jersey. After the other party under this order failed to fulfill its obligations, Hi-Speed became solely responsible for compliance with the order. Residual ground water contamination at this site is now within a Classification Exception Area which the Department of Environmental Protection has approved and within which the Company oversees monitoring of the decay of contaminants of concern. A concurrent Well Restriction Area also exists for the site. The Department of Environmental Protection does not view these vehicles as remedial measures, but rather as institutional controls that must be adequately maintained and periodically evaluated. We estimate that the costs of compliance associated with the site over the next several years will be approximately a total of 0.4 million. 
 In addition, certain of our present and former facilities have or had been in operation for many decades and, over such time, some of these facilities may have used substances or generated and disposed of wastes that are or may be considered hazardous. It is possible that these sites, as well as disposal sites owned by third parties to which we have sent wastes, may in the future be identified and become the subject of remediation. Although we believe that we are in substantial compliance with applicable environmental requirements and, to date, we have not incurred material expenditures in connection with environmental matters, it is possible that we could become subject to additional environmental liabilities in the future that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Competition 
 Our markets are highly competitive. Many of the markets in which we compete are fragmented both geographically and by application, particularly the industrial and food retailing markets. As a result, we face numerous regional or specialized competitors, many of which are well established in their markets. For example, some of our competitors are divisions of larger companies with potentially greater financial and other resources than our own. In addition, some of our competitors are domiciled in emerging markets and may have a lower cost structure than ours. We are confronted with new competitors in emerging markets which, although relatively small in size today, could become larger companies in their home markets. Given the sometimes significant growth rates of these emerging markets, and in light of their cost advantage over developed markets, emerging market competitors could become more significant global competitors. Taken together, the competitive forces present in our markets can impair our operating margins in certain product lines and geographic markets. 
 We expect our competitors to continue to improve the design and performance of their products and to introduce new products with competitive prices. Although we believe that we have technological and other competitive advantages over many of our competitors, we may not be able to realize and maintain these advantages. These advantages include our worldwide market leadership positions; our global brand and reputation; our track record of technological innovation; our comprehensive, high-quality solution offering; our global sales and service offering; our large installed base of instruments; and the diversification of our revenue base by geographic region, product range, application, and customer. To 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 remain competitive, we must continue to invest in research and development, sales and marketing, customer service and support, and operational excellence throughout our supply chain. We cannot be sure that we will have sufficient resources to continue to make these investments or that we will be successful in identifying, developing, and maintaining any competitive advantages. 
 We believe the principal competitive factors in developed markets for purchasing decisions are the product itself, application support, service support, and price. In emerging markets, where there is greater demand for less sophisticated products, price is a more important factor than in developed markets. Competition in the U.S. laboratory market is also influenced by the presence of large distributors that sell not only our products but those of our competitors as well. 
 Company Website and Information 
 You can find our website on the internet at www.mt.com . The website contains information about us and our operations. The information contained on our website is not included in, or incorporated by reference into, this annual report on Form 10-K. You can view and download free of charge copies of each of our filings with the SEC on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, Form 8-K, and Schedule 14A and all amendments to those reports by accessing www.mt.com , clicking on About Us, Investor Relations, and then clicking on SEC Filings. The SEC maintains a website at https://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 Our website also contains copies of the following documents that you can download free of charge: 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines 
 Audit Committee Charter 
 Compensation Committee Charter 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter 
 Code of Conduct 
 Equal Employment Opportunity Policy 
 Business Partner Code of Conduct 
 Ethical, Social, and Quality Standards 
 Corporate Responsibility Report 
 Environmental Policy 
 Political Participation Policy 
 Conflict Mineral Report 
 Statement on Slavery, Human Trafficking, and Transparency in the Supply Chain 
 You can also obtain in print, free of charge, any of the above documents and any of our reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, Form 8-K, and Schedule 14A and all amendments to those reports by sending a written request to our Investor Relations Department: 
 Investor Relations 
 Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 
 1900 Polaris Parkway 
 Columbus, OH 43240 U.S.A. 
 Phone: +1 614 438 4794 
 Email: adam.uhlman@mt.com 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Factors Affecting Our Future Operating Results 
 Operational Risks 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, various aspects of our business, such as our workforce and supply chain, and make it more difficult and expensive to meet our obligations to our customers, and has adversely affected the global economy, which in turn can adversely affect our global business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises that could have an adverse effect on our business results and financial condition. 
 For instance, the coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) has spread globally in all countries where we do business. COVID-19 continues to evolve and has led to the implementation of various responses, including government-imposed quarantines, stay-at-home orders and lockdowns, travel restrictions, vaccination and testing requirements, and other public health safety measures. The emergence of COVID-19 variants and subvariants, such as Omicron, has presented particular challenges to the global economy given the high level of transmissibility, which can cause many people to be affected at the same time or over a short period of time. For example, the Chinese government eased its "zero COVID" policy in December 2022, and China has experienced a significant increase in COVID-19 cases. 
 Our global operations could be negatively affected if our employees, such as in China, become ill as a result of exposure to COVID-19, are subject to governmental stay-at-home orders, lockdowns, facility closures, reduction in operating hours, staggered shifts or other social distancing efforts, labor shortages, or if they are quarantined. The pandemic may continue to interfere with general commercial activity related to our supply chain and customer base, including in China given the status of the pandemic there. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted and may continue to result in significant disruptions to the global economy, as well as to businesses and capital markets globally. As the pandemic continues, we may experience volatility in our results, including reduced global sales volume from lower customer demand. Our supply chain has faced wide-ranging global challenges during the pandemic, including the availability of certain components, material shortages, supplier delays, transportation delays, and higher transportation and material costs. 
 Global inflation also has significantly increased related to the COVID-19 economic recovery and associated disruptions in global demand, logistics, and labor markets. These inflationary conditions could have a negative impact on our operating results in future years. Disruptions in labor markets, including a new competitive landscape created by remote work capabilities, could also lead to higher attrition, increased compensation levels, and longer recruiting cycles. 
 Uncertainties and challenges related to COVID-19, including new variants and subvariants, the status of the pandemic in China, logistical and inflationary challenges, potential lockdowns and the resulting impact to the economy continue in all regions of the world, and market conditions may change quickly. While it is difficult to estimate the extent and duration of any COVID-19 implications, the effects on our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be material. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 We sell primarily to companies in developed countries. An economic downturn in these countries could hurt our operating results. 
 Most of our business is derived from companies in developed countries. Economic uncertainty in many parts of the world, including the impact from governmental monetary policies and related rising interest rates to combat inflation, the war in Ukraine, regional effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, international trade disputes, and sovereign debt levels in the European Union and the United States, are situations that we monitor closely. If developed countries were to experience slow growth or recession, we could see the following effects: 
 a drop in demand for our products; 
 companies being unable to finance their businesses; 
 difficulty in obtaining materials and supplies; 
 potential devaluation and/or impairment of assets; 
 difficulty in collecting accounts receivables; 
 an increase in accounts receivable write-offs; and 
 greater foreign exchange rate volatility affecting our profitability and cash flow. 
 Economic downturns or recessions adversely affect our operating results because our customers often decrease or delay capital expenditures. Customers may also purchase lower-cost products made by competitors and not resume purchasing our products even after economic conditions improve. These conditions would reduce our revenues and profitability. 
 In addition, a potential financial crisis on financial institutions globally would likely have an adverse effect on the global capital markets and our business. 
 We are subject to certain risks associated with our international operations, including our significant concentration of business in China, and ongoing developments related to Russia and Ukraine. 
 We conduct business in many countries, including emerging markets in Asia, Latin America, and Eastern Europe, and these operations represent a significant portion of our sales and earnings. For example, our Chinese operations accounted for 21 of sales to external customers, approximately 36 of our global production, and 36 of total segment profit during 2022. In addition to the currency risks discussed below, international operations pose other substantial risks and problems for us, including the following: 
 China's COVID-19 re-opening and related easing of its "zero COVID" policy (see page 14) 
 local tariffs and trade barriers; 
 additions or revisions to a country's legal and regulatory requirements; 
 difficulties in staffing and managing local operations and/or mandatory salary increases; 
 credit risks arising from financial difficulties facing local customers and distributors; 
 difficulties in protecting intellectual property; 
 nationalization of private enterprises which may result in the confiscation of assets, as we hold significant assets around the world in the form of property, plant, and equipment, inventory, and accounts receivable, as well as 50.7 million of cash at December 31, 2022 in our Chinese subsidiaries; 
 restrictions on investments and/or limitations regarding foreign ownership; 
 adverse tax consequences, including tax disputes and imposition or increase of withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries; 
 the adoption of new or expansion of current travel restrictions or the intensification of trade wars; 
 domestic purchasing requirements that could favor local competition; 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 other uncertain local economic, political, and social conditions, including inflation, hyper-inflation, and other decreases in purchasing power, or periods of low or no productivity growth; 
 credit tightening or reduction in credit availability for local customers; and 
 results in China and emerging markets can be volatile and change quickly. 
 We must also comply with regulations regarding the conversion and repatriation of funds earned in local currencies. For example, we need government approval to convert earnings from our operations in China into other currencies and to repatriate these funds. If we cannot comply with these or other applicable regulations or these regulations are amended to make it more difficult to repatriate the funds, we may face increased difficulties in using cash generated in China. 
 We are required to comply with various import, export control, and economic sanctions laws, which may affect our transactions with certain customers, business partners, and other persons, including in certain cases dealings with or between our employees and subsidiaries. We address below the topic of economic sanctions laws related to Russia's invasion of Ukraine, which commenced in February 2022. In certain circumstances, export control and economic sanctions regulations may prohibit the export of certain products, services, and technologies, and in other circumstances, we may be required to obtain an export license before exporting a controlled item. Failure to comply with any regulations and sanctions could result in civil and criminal actions, monetary and non-monetary penalties, disruptions to our business, limitations on our ability to import and export products and services, and damage to our reputation. 
 In response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine in 2022, and as referenced above, the U.S., the European Union, and certain other countries imposed economic sanctions on Russian financial institutions, businesses in Russia, and on Russian interests and individuals, and the Russian government implemented sanctions and regulations in response. We continue to monitor the ongoing developments related to Ukraine, as well as the status of all applicable sanctions. 
 We have remained in close contact with our employees in Ukraine and have provided financial assistance and supplies to them. We suspended all shipments to Russia since the beginning of the invasion in February 2022. For historical reference, in 2021, approximately 1 of our net sales were in Russia and Ukraine, and we had an immaterial amount of assets and liabilities in both countries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. We also do not have manufacturing in Russia or Ukraine. 
 Due to the impact of reduced energy supplies from Russia, the Council of the European Union (EU Council) proposed that all European member states strive for a voluntary 15 reduction in gas consumption compared to their average consumption over the last five years. The reduction timeframe commenced August 1, 2022 and is expected to continue through March 31, 2023. Accordingly, the availability and cost of energy may be impacted. 
 While it is difficult to estimate the impact of the ongoing invasion on the global economy, including increased inflation, higher energy and transportation costs and potential energy shortages, the invasion of Ukraine could adversely impact our financial results and presents several risks to our business. Also, uncertainties related to this conflict and the resulting impact to the global economy and market conditions can change quickly. 
 Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by a cybersecurity attack. 
 We rely on our technology infrastructure to interact with suppliers, sell our products and services, fulfill orders, support our customers, and bill, collect, and make payments. Our internally developed system and processes, as well as those provided by third-party vendors, may be susceptible to damage or interruption from cybersecurity incidents, such as terrorist or hacker attacks, the introduction of malicious computer viruses, ransomware, falsification of banking and other information, insider risk, or other 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 security breaches. If there is a cybersecurity incident, we may suffer interruptions in service, loss of assets or data, or reduced functionality. Many of our systems are not redundant, and our disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for every eventuality a cybersecurity incident could cause. Security breaches of our systems which allow inappropriate access to or inadvertent transfer of information and misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our employees, customers, or suppliers could result in our suffering significant financial and reputational damage. 
 Customers may use our products and/or software to generate or manage critical information. Though we take steps to ensure our products and/or software are secure, it is possible that a cyber attack could result in the loss or compromise of critical information. If a customer alleges that a cyber attack causes or contributes to a loss or compromise of critical information, whether or not caused by us, we could face harm to our reputation and financial condition. 
 While we attempt to mitigate cybersecurity risks by employing a number of proactive measures, including mandatory quarterly ongoing employee training and awareness, technical security controls, enhanced data protection, and maintenance of backup and protective systems, our systems remain potentially vulnerable to cybersecurity threats, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We believe our mitigation measures reduce, but cannot eliminate, the risk of a cybersecurity incident. Despite any precautions we may take, a cybersecurity incident could harm our reputation and financial condition and cause us to incur legal liability and increased costs to respond to such events. Our cyber liability insurance may not be sufficient to compensate us for losses that may result from interruptions in our services or asset or data loss as a result of cybersecurity incidents. 
 In addition, regulatory or legislative action related to cybersecurity, privacy, and data protection worldwide, such as the European General Data Protection Regulation which went into effect in May 2018, may increase the costs to develop, implement, or secure our products or services. We expect cybersecurity regulations to continue to evolve and be costly to implement. If we violate or fail to comply with such regulatory or legislative requirements, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned, and such fines or penalties could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 
 We are vulnerable to system failures and data loss risks, which could harm our business. 
 We rely on our technology infrastructure to interact with suppliers, sell our products and services, support our customers, fulfill orders, and bill, collect, and make payments. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, malicious employees or employee negligence, computer viruses, and other events. When we upgrade or change systems, we may suffer interruptions in service, loss of data, or reduced functionality. A significant number of our systems are not redundant, and our disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for every eventuality. Despite any precautions we may take, such problems could result in interruptions in our services, fraudulent or negligent loss of assets, or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, which could harm our reputation and financial condition. Our business interruption insurance may not be sufficient to compensate us for losses that may result from interruptions in our services or data loss as a result of system failures. 
 Customers may use our products and/or software to generate or manage confidential information. Though we take steps to ensure our products and/or software are secure, it is possible customers could lose confidential information stored on our products. If a customer alleges system failures in our products and/or software cause or contribute to a loss, whether or not caused by us, we could face harm to our reputation and our financial condition and legal liability. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 We have also been implementing our Blue Ocean program to globalize our business processes and information technology systems that includes the implementation of a Company-wide enterprise resource planning system. This has been proceeding on a staggered basis over a multi-year period. We have implemented the program in our operations in the U.S., China, most of Asia Pacific, and a significant portion of Europe including Switzerland, Germany, U.K., Benelux, and Spain. We estimate that we have more than 85 of our users on the program and will continue to implement additional locations and functionality over the coming years. If our implementation is flawed, we could suffer interruptions in operations and customer-facing activities that could harm our reputation and financial condition or cause us to lose data, experience reduced functionality, or have delays in reporting financial information. It may take us longer to implement the program than we have planned, and the project may cost us more than we have estimated, either of which would negatively impact our ability to generate cost savings or other efficiencies. In addition, the program has increased our reliance on a single information technology system, which would have greater consequences should we experience a system disruption. 
 Our ability to manufacture and deliver products and services may be disrupted. 
 We have key manufacturing facilities located in China, Europe, and the United States. Many of our products are developed and manufactured at single locations, with limited alternate facilities. In addition, a large portion of our products and spare parts are distributed through regional logistics centers, in which certain logistics activities are outsourced to third parties. If we experience any significant disruption in these facilities for any reason, such as the COVID-19 pandemic described on page 14, global supply chain and production issues, strikes or other labor unrest, power interruptions, cybersecurity attacks, fire, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, rising water levels, other weather events or natural disasters (including the potential impacts of climate change), or other events beyond our control, we may be unable to satisfy customer demand for our products or services resulting in lost sales. It may be expensive to resolve these issues, even though some of these risks are covered by insurance policies. More importantly, customers may switch to competitors and may not return to us even if we resolve the interruption. 
 Our business would suffer if we were unable to obtain supplies of material. 
 We purchase most of our raw materials, components, and supplies from multiple suppliers. Some items are purchased from a limited or single source of supply, and disruption of these sources whether as a result of issues with our suppliers' operation or the timely availability of shipments from freight carriers could affect our ability to manufacture products. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused numerous disruptions to supply chains, often resulting in delivery delays, inflated costs, and increases in shipping rates. Even where multiple sources of materials and components are available, the quality of the alternative materials, regulatory and contractual requirements to qualify materials for use in manufacturing, and the time required to establish new relationships with reliable suppliers could result in manufacturing delays and possible loss of sales. If we are unable to obtain materials or components for an extended time, this could damage our customer relationships and harm our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our product development efforts may not produce commercially viable products in a timely manner. 
 If we do not introduce new products and enhancements, our products could become technologically obsolete over time, which would harm our operating results. To remain competitive, we must continue to make significant investments in research and development, sales and marketing, customer service and support, and operational excellence throughout our supply chain. We cannot be sure that we will have sufficient resources to continue to make these investments. In developing new products, we may be required to make substantial investments before we can determine their commercial viability. As a result, 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 we may not be successful in developing new products and we may never realize the benefits of our research and development activities. 
 We face risks related to sales through distributors and other third parties that we do not control, which could harm our business. 
 We sell some products through third parties, including distributors and value-added resellers. This exposes us to various risks, including competitive pressure, concentration of sales volumes, credit risks, and compliance risks. We may rely on one or a few key distributors for a product or market, and the loss of these distributors could reduce our revenue and net earnings. Distributors may also face financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, which could harm our collection of accounts receivables. Violations of the FCPA or similar anti-bribery laws by distributors or other third-party intermediaries could materially impact our business. In addition to financial risk, actions of some of our distributors could cause reputational harm, especially if our products are involved. Risks related to our use of distributors may reduce sales, increase expenses, and weaken our competitive position. 
 Departures of key employees could impair our operations. 
 Key employees could leave the Company. If any key employees stopped working for us, our operations could be harmed. Important R D personnel may leave and join competitors, which could substantially delay or hinder ongoing development projects. We have no key man life insurance policies with respect to any of our senior executives. 
 Our business involves certain operating risks, and our insurance may not be adequate to cover all insured losses of liabilities we might incur in our operations. 
 We have procured various insurance policies for certain types of insurance coverage and in varying coverage amounts. Our insurance may not be adequate to cover all losses or liabilities that we might incur in our operations. Furthermore, our insurance may not adequately protect us against liability from all of the hazards of our business. As a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain of our insurance policies may substantially increase. In some instances, certain insurance could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. We also are subject to the risk that we may be unable to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at a reasonable cost. If we were to incur a significant liability for which we were uninsured or for which we were not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Strategic Risks 
 A prolonged downturn or additional consolidation in the pharmaceutical, food and beverage, and chemical industries could adversely affect our operating results. A reduction in the capital resources or government funding of our customers could reduce our sales. 
 Our products are used extensively in the pharmaceutical, food and beverage, and chemical industries. Consolidation in these industries hurt our sales in the past. A prolonged global economic downturn, a downturn affecting one or more of these industries, or additional consolidation in any of these industries could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, the capital spending policies of our customers in these and other industries are based on a variety of factors we cannot control, including the resources available for purchasing equipment, the spending priorities among various types of equipment, and policies regarding capital expenditures. Any decrease or delay in capital spending by our customers would cause our revenues to decline and could harm our profitability. A decline in government funding of research or education could reduce some customers ability to purchase our products. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 We operate in highly competitive markets, and it may be difficult for us to preserve operating margins, gain market share, and maintain a technological advantage. 
 Our markets are highly competitive. Many are fragmented both geographically and by application, particularly the industrial and food retailing markets. As a result, we face numerous regional or specialized competitors, many of which are well established in their markets. In addition, some of our competitors are divisions of larger companies with potentially greater financial and other resources than our own. There has also been an increase in the consolidation of precision instrument companies in recent years. Any consolidation within our market could result in competitors becoming larger and having greater financial and other resources than our own. Some of our competitors are domiciled or operate in emerging markets and may have a lower cost structure than ours. We are confronted with new competitors in emerging markets which, although relatively small in size today, could become larger companies in their home markets. Given the sometimes significant growth rates of these emerging markets, and in light of their cost advantage over developed markets, emerging market competitors could become more significant global competitors. Taken together, the competitive forces present in our markets could harm our operating margins. We expect our competitors to continue to improve the design and performance of their products and to introduce new products with competitive prices. Although we believe that our products and services have advantages over our competitors, we may not be able to realize and maintain these advantages. 
 We may face risks associated with future acquisitions. 
 We may pursue acquisitions of complementary product lines, technologies, or businesses. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including difficulties in integrating the acquired operations, technologies, and products; diversion of management s attention from other business concerns; and potential departures of key employees of the acquired company. If we successfully identify acquisitions in the future, completing such acquisitions may result in new issuances of our stock that may be dilutive to current owners, increases in our debt and contingent liabilities, and additional amortization expense related to intangible assets. Any of these acquisition-related risks could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. 
 Larger companies have identified life sciences and instruments as businesses they will consider entering or expanding their presence, which could change the competitive dynamics of these markets. In addition, we may not be able to identify, successfully complete, or integrate potential acquisitions in the future. Even if we can do so, we cannot be sure that these acquisitions will have a positive impact on our business or operating results. We are also required to estimate the fair value of certain assets acquired or liabilities assumed. Such fair values may be based on valuation models which are subject to inherent uncertainties and our judgments regarding certain assumptions. 
 Financial Risks 
 Currency fluctuations affect our operating profits. 
 Our earnings are affected by changing exchange rates. We are particularly sensitive to changes in the exchange rates between the Swiss franc, euro, Chinese renminbi, and U.S. dollar. We have more Swiss franc expenses than we do Swiss franc sales because we develop and manufacture products in Switzerland that we sell globally and have a number of corporate functions located in Switzerland. When the Swiss franc strengthens against our other trading currencies, particularly the U.S. dollar and euro, our earnings go down. We also have significantly more sales in the euro than we do expenses. When the euro weakens against the U.S. dollar and Swiss franc, our earnings also go down. We estimate a 1 strengthening of the Swiss franc against the euro would reduce our earnings before tax by approximately 1.8 million to 2.0 million annually. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 We also conduct business throughout the world, including Asia Pacific, the United Kingdom, Eastern Europe, Latin America, and Canada. Fluctuations in these currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar can also affect our operating results. The most significant of these currency exposures is the Chinese renminbi. The impact on our earnings before tax of the Chinese renminbi weakening 1 against the U.S. dollar is a reduction of approximately 3.7 million to 4.2 million annually. 
 In addition to the effects of exchange rate movements on operating profits, our debt levels can fluctuate due to changes in exchange rates, particularly between the U.S. dollar, the Swiss franc, and euro. Based on our outstanding debt at December 31, 2022, we estimate that a 5 weakening of the U.S. dollar against the currencies in which our debt is denominated would result in an increase of 34.6 million in the reported U.S. dollar value of our debt. 
 Inflation can impact our operating results and the global economy. 
 Inflation affects the costs of goods and services that we use, including raw materials to manufacture our products, as well as transportation and logistical costs and other external costs and services. Inflation also affects labor costs, which are a significant element of our overall cost structure. 
 Inflation also leads to increased interest rates as country monetary policies combat inflation. This can result in reduced economic growth and recessionary conditions, as well as higher borrowing costs. 
 Global inflation significantly increased in 2022 and 2021 related to the COVID-19 economic recovery and associated disruptions in global demand, supply chains/logistics, and labor markets, as well as the war in Ukraine and related significant increase in energy costs. 
 These inflationary conditions could have a greater impact on our operating results in future years, including the impact of a potential European energy crisis, which could also negatively impact demand in certain customer segments that are more energy dependent such as customers in the chemical industry. 
 The pace of inflationary changes can also occur more quickly than our ability to respond with corresponding price increases, and cost optimization or reduction measures. In addition, there may be differences in inflation rates between countries where we incur the major portion of our costs and other countries where we sell products, which may limit our ability to recover increased costs. The competitive environment in which we operate may also limit our ability to recover higher costs through increased selling prices. 
 Historically, we also have experienced higher inflation in China, Eastern Europe, India, and Brazil. To date, these inflationary conditions have not had a material effect on our operating results. However, as our presence in China, Eastern Europe, India, and Brazil increases, these inflationary conditions could have a greater impact on our operating results. 
 We may experience impairments of goodwill or other intangible assets. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our consolidated balance sheet included goodwill of 660.2 million and other intangible assets of 306.1 million. 
 Our business acquisitions typically result in goodwill and other intangible assets, which affect the amount of future period amortization expense and possible impairment expense. We make estimates and assumptions in valuing such intangible assets that affect our consolidated financial statements. 
 In accordance with U.S. GAAP, our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but are evaluated for impairment annually in the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset might be impaired. The evaluation may be based on valuation models that estimate fair value. In preparing the valuation models, we consider a number of factors, including operating results, business plans, economic conditions, future cash flows, and transaction and market data. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and our judgment in applying them to the impairment analyses. The significant estimates and assumptions within our fair value models include sales growth, controllable cost growth, perpetual growth, effective tax rates, and discount rates. Our assessments to date have indicated that there has been no impairment of these assets. 
 Should any of these estimates or assumptions change, or should we incur lower-than-expected operating performance or cash flows, including from a prolonged economic slowdown, we may experience a triggering event that requires a new fair value assessment for our reporting units, possibly prior to the required annual assessment. These types of events and resulting analysis could result in impairment charges for goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets if the fair value estimate declines below the carrying value. 
 Our amortization expense related to intangible assets with finite lives may materially change should our estimates of their useful lives change. 
 Concerns regarding the Eurozone debt levels and market perception related to the instability of the euro could affect our operating profits. 
 We conduct business in many countries that use the euro as their currency (the Eurozone). In the past, there have been concerns regarding the debt burden of certain Eurozone countries and their ability to meet future financial obligations. In addition, concerns in recent years have existed regarding the overall stability of the euro and the suitability of the euro as a single currency given the diverse economic and political circumstances in individual Eurozone countries. 
 These concerns could lead to the re-introduction of individual currencies in one or more Eurozone countries or, in more extreme circumstances, the possible dissolution of the euro currency entirely. Should the euro dissolve entirely, the legal and contractual consequences for holders of euro-denominated obligations would be determined by laws in effect at such time. These potential developments, or market perceptions concerning these and related issues, could adversely affect the value of our euro-denominated assets and obligations. In addition, concerns over the effect of this type of financial crisis on financial institutions in Europe and globally could have an adverse effect on the global capital markets and, more specifically, on the ability of our Company, our customers, suppliers, and lenders to finance their respective businesses and to access liquidity at acceptable financing costs, if at all, on the availability of supplies and materials, and on the demand for our products. For information on the impact of the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union, see "Risk Factors The United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union could adversely impact our results of operations." 
 Legal, Tax, Regulatory, and Other Risks 
 Unanticipated changes in our tax rates or additional income tax liabilities could impact our profitability. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various other jurisdictions, and our domestic and international tax liabilities are subject to allocation of expenses among different jurisdictions. Our effective tax rates and tax obligations could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws or rates (including the potential implementation of various U.S. tax proposals), changes in the mix of earnings by jurisdiction, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and material adjustments from tax audits. 
 In particular, the carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the U.S., is dependent upon our ability to generate future taxable income in the U.S. In addition, the amount of income taxes we pay is subject to ongoing audits in various jurisdictions, and a material assessment by a governing tax authority could affect our profitability. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Our tax expense and tax obligations could increase as a result of changing application of tax law. 
 Governments are facing greater pressure on public finances, which could lead to their more aggressively applying existing tax laws and regulations. Governments also periodically change tax laws and regulations. 
 The Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development (OECD) has recently proposed changes to the current transfer pricing arm s length standard for allocating profit as well as a 15 minimum tax by jurisdiction. While the provision to alter the way profit is allocated by jurisdiction is not expected to impact the Company, the 15 minimum tax by jurisdiction may adversely impact the Company's global tax provision. 
 Any changes in corporate income tax rates or regulations, on repatriation of dividends, earnings, share repurchases, or capital, or on transfer pricing, as well as changes in the interpretation of existing tax laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, could adversely affect our cash flow and increase our overall tax burden, which would negatively affect our profitability. Potential OECD changes impacting consumer businesses could also have an unfavorable effect on some of our key customer segments such as pharmaceutical and food and beverage, which could result in a decline or delay in capital spending by our customers and a resulting decline in our revenues and profitability. 
 We may be adversely affected by failure to comply with regulations of governmental agencies or by the adoption of new regulations. United States trade policy, including the imposition of tariffs and the resulting consequences, as well as other political policies in the United States, China, the U.K., and certain European countries, may also impact global trade or create uncertainty impacting our business. 
 Our products are subject to regulation by governmental agencies. These regulations govern a wide variety of activities relating to our products, including design and development, product safety, labeling, manufacturing, promotion, sales, and distribution. We also operate a global business and are subject to various laws and regulations in the many markets where we do business, including those relating to competition, employment and labor practices, international trade, and corruption. If we fail to comply with these regulations, or if new regulations are adopted that substantially change existing practice or impose new burdens, we may have to recall products and cease their manufacture and distribution. In addition, we could be subject to investigation costs, reputational harm, fines, criminal prosecution, and other damages that could impact our profitability. 
 Political policy in the United States, China, the U.K., and certain European countries may impact global trade and domestic purchasing or create uncertainty. In recent years, the United States government has adopted a new approach to trade policy and in certain cases has sought to renegotiate, or possibly terminate, certain existing trade agreements. The United States government has also initiated tariffs on certain foreign goods, particularly those produced in China. As a result, certain foreign governments, including the Chinese government, have imposed retaliatory tariffs on goods that their countries import from the United States. Certain governments also have implemented domestic purchasing requirements that could favor local competition and result in reduced sales. 
 These various trade policy and regulatory actions described above may restrict our access to lower-cost countries in certain circumstances or otherwise create uncertainty, negatively impact global markets, and make it more difficult or costly for us to import our products into certain countries. The adoption and expansion of trade restrictions or other governmental action related to tariffs or trade agreements or policies could also lead to an economic downturn and/or could create unfavorable fluctuations in currency exchange rates (see above description "Currency fluctuations affect our operating profits."). In times of 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 uncertainty, some customers delay investments or defer normal replacement cycles, which could have an adverse impact on our sales. The adoption and expansion of trade restrictions or other governmental action related to tariffs or trade agreements or policies have the potential to adversely impact our business and financial performance. 
 The United Kingdom s withdrawal from the European Union could adversely impact our results of operations. 
 On January 31, 2020, the U.K. formally left the E.U. (commonly referred to as Brexit). After a transition period, on December 24, 2020, the U.K. and E.U. agreed to a trade deal (the Trade and Cooperation Agreement), which was ratified by the U.K. on December 30, 2020. This Trade and Cooperation Agreement came into effect on May 1, 2021 after it was ratified by both the European Parliament and Council of the European Union. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement allows the U.K. and E.U. to continue trading without tariffs or quotas; however, the movement of goods between the U.K. and the remaining member states of the E.U. may be subject to additional inspections and documentation checks, leading to possible delays at ports of entry and departure. 
 In addition, there are still a number of areas of uncertainty in connection with the future of the U.K. and its relationship with the E.U. and the application and interpretation of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement, and Brexit-related matters may take several years to be clarified and resolved. At this time, we cannot predict the potential impact of Brexit on our business. However, Brexit could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 If we cannot protect our intellectual property rights, or if we infringe or misappropriate the proprietary rights of others, our operating results could be harmed. 
 Our success depends on our ability to obtain, maintain, and enforce patents on our technology, maintain our trademarks, and protect our trade secrets. Our patents may not provide complete protection or may expire, and competitors may develop similar products that are not covered by our patents. Our patents may also be challenged by third parties and invalidated or narrowed. We may experience a decline in sales and/or profitability if any of these things occur. Competitors sometimes seek to take advantage of our trademarks or brands in ways that may create customer confusion or weaken our brand. Improper use or disclosure of our trade secrets may still occur. 
 We may be sued for infringing on the intellectual property rights of others. The cost of any litigation could affect our profitability regardless of the outcome, and management attention could be diverted. If we are unsuccessful in such litigation, we may have to pay damages, stop the infringing activity, and/or obtain a license. If we fail to obtain a required license, we may be unable to sell some of our products, which could result in a decline in our revenues. 
 We may be adversely affected by environmental laws and regulations. 
 We are subject to various environmental laws and regulations and incur expenditures in complying with environmental laws and regulations. We have corporate programs in place to manage compliance and stakeholder expectations related to environmental matters, but increasing public interest in climate change topics may result in the enactment of additional governmental laws and regulations related to this subject area. We are currently involved in, or have potential liability with respect to, the remediation of past contamination in various facilities. In addition, some of our facilities are or have been in operation for many decades and may have used substances or generated and disposed of wastes that are hazardous or may be considered hazardous in the future. These sites and disposal sites owned by others to which we sent waste may in the future be identified as contaminated and require remediation. Accordingly, it is possible that we could become subject to additional environmental liabilities in the future that may harm our results of operations or financial condition. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 We may be adversely affected by regulations and market expectations related to sourcing and our supply chain, including conflict minerals. 
 The SEC has adopted disclosures and reporting requirements for companies whose products contain certain minerals and their derivatives, namely tin, tantalum, tungsten, or gold, known as conflict minerals. Companies must report annually whether or not such minerals originate from the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and adjoining countries. These requirements could adversely affect the sourcing, availability, and pricing of materials used in the manufacturing of our products. In addition, we have incurred additional costs to comply with the disclosure requirements, including cost related to determining the source of any of the relevant minerals used in our products. Since our supply chain is complex, due diligence procedures we have implemented to understand the origins of the minerals we use in our operations may not enable us to ascertain with sufficient certainty the origins for these minerals or determine that these minerals are DRC conflict free, which may harm our reputation. We may also face difficulties in satisfying customers and other stakeholders who may require that our products be certified as DRC conflict free, which could harm our relationships with these customers and/or lead to a loss of revenue. These requirements also could have the effect of limiting the pool of suppliers from which we source these minerals, and we may be unable to obtain conflict-free minerals at prices similar to the past, which could increase our costs and adversely affect our manufacturing operations and our profitability. 
 Future laws, regulations, or customers may make additional demands on supply chain transparency. These demands can include more transparency into the activities of our suppliers with regard to human rights and sustainable sourcing. We have significant protections in place to ensure we partner with responsible suppliers, but increased demands may cause us to incur increased supply chain costs. If we cannot satisfy customers demands, we may lose business, and if we cannot meet new regulatory requirements, we may have to alter our sourcing at increased expense. 
 Our ability to generate and repatriate cash depends in part on factors beyond our control. 
 Our ability to make payments on our debt and to fund our share repurchase program, planned capital expenditures, and research and development efforts depends on our ability to generate and repatriate cash in the future. This is subject to factors beyond our control, including general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, governmental, and other factors described in this section. 
 We cannot ensure that our business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us under our credit facility in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our debt or to fund our other liquidity needs. We may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. We cannot ensure that we will be able to refinance any of our debt, including our credit facility and the senior notes, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 Our ability to fund our share repurchase program is also dependent on our ability to repatriate our international cash flows. Changes in governmental cash repatriation policies, restrictions, or tax laws could impair our ability to continue our share repurchase program. 
 Risks Related to Our Debt 
 We have debt and we may incur substantially more debt, which could affect our ability to meet our debt obligations and may otherwise restrict our activities. 
 We have debt and we may incur substantial additional debt in the future. As of December 31, 2022, we had total indebtedness of approximately 1.9 billion, net of cash of 96.0 million. Our debt instruments allow us to incur substantial additional indebtedness. 
 The existence and magnitude of our debt could have important consequences. For example, it could make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations under our debt instruments; require us to dedicate a 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 substantial portion of our cash flow to payments on our indebtedness, which would reduce the amount of cash flow available to fund working capital, capital expenditures, product development, and other corporate requirements; increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including changes in raw material costs; limit our ability to respond to business opportunities; limit our ability to borrow additional funds, which may be necessary; and subject us to financial and other restrictive covenants, which, if we fail to comply with these covenants and our failure is not waived or cured, could result in an event of default under our debt instruments. 
 The agreements governing our debt impose restrictions on our business. 
 The note purchase agreements governing our notes and the agreements governing our credit facility contain covenants imposing various restrictions on our business. These restrictions may affect our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities. The restrictions these covenants place on us include limitations on our ability to incur liens and consolidate, merge, sell, or lease all or substantially all of our assets. Our credit facility and the note purchase agreements governing our senior notes also require us to meet certain financial ratios. 
 Our ability to comply with these agreements may be affected by events beyond our control, including economic, financial, and industry conditions. The breach of any covenants or restrictions could result in a default under the note purchase agreements governing the senior notes and/or under our credit facility. An event of default under the agreements governing our debt would permit holders of our debt to declare all amounts owed to them under such agreements to be immediately due and payable. Acceleration of our other indebtedness may cause us to be unable to make interest payments on the senior notes and repay the principal amount of the senior notes. 
 The lenders under our credit agreement may be unable to meet their funding commitments, reducing the amount of our borrowing capacity. 
 We have a revolving credit facility outstanding under which the Company and certain of its subsidiaries may borrow up to 1.25 billion. Our credit facility is provided by a group of 14 financial institutions, which individually have between 4 and 11 of the total funding commitment. At December 31, 2022, we had borrowings of 703.0 million outstanding under our credit facility. Our ability to borrow further funds under our credit facility is subject to the various lenders financial condition and ability to make funds available. Even though the financial institutions are contractually obligated to lend funds, if one or more of the lenders encounters financial difficulties or goes bankrupt, such lenders may be unable to meet their obligations. This could result in us being unable to borrow the full 1.25 billion amount available. 
 We are subject to risks associated with the discontinuation of LIBOR. 
 In 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) announced that it intended to phase out the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). The FCA ceased publication of U.S. dollar LIBOR after December 31, 2021 in the case of one-week and two-month U.S. dollar LIBOR, and will cease publication after June 30, 2023 in the case of the remaining U.S dollar LIBOR benchmarks. While regulators in various jurisdictions have been working to replace LIBOR, it is unclear when new agreed-upon benchmark rates will be established. As mentioned in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, our current cross currency swap and credit agreements include provisions addressing the future discontinuation of LIBOR. The replacement of LIBOR with an alternative rate or benchmark may adversely affect interest rates and could result in higher borrowing costs. In addition, when LIBOR ceases to exist, we may need to amend certain contracts, including our credit facility and cross currency swap 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 arrangements, and we cannot predict what alternative rate or benchmark would be negotiated. This may also result in an increase in our interest expense. 
 General Risk Factors 
 We make forward-looking statements, and actual events or results may differ materially from these statements because assumptions we have made prove incorrect due to market conditions in our industries or other factors. 
 We provide forward-looking statements both in our filings with the SEC and orally in connection with our quarterly earnings calls, including guidance on anticipated sales growth and earnings per share. You should not rely on forward-looking statements to predict our actual results. Our actual results or performance may be materially different than reflected in forward-looking statements because of various risks and uncertainties. 
 Our forward-looking statements may not be accurate or complete, and we do not intend to update or revise them in light of actual results. New risks also periodically arise. Please consider the risks and factors that could cause our results to differ materially from what is described in our forward-looking statements. See in particular Factors Affecting Our Future Operating Results and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 In providing guidance on our future earnings, we evaluate our budgets, strategic plans, and other factors relating to our business. We make assumptions about external factors, including the following: 
 the outlook for our end-markets and the global economy; 
 the impact of external factors on our competition; 
 the financial position of our customers and their willingness to pay for our products and services; 
 the estimated costs of purchasing materials; 
 the estimated costs of transportation and logistics; 
 developments in personnel costs; 
 our estimated income tax expense; and 
 rates for currency exchange, particularly between the Chinese renminbi and the U.S. dollar and between the Swiss franc and the euro. 
 Some of these assumptions may prove to be incorrect over time. For example, although no single end-customer accounts for more than 1 of our revenues, if a number of our customers experienced significant deteriorations in their financial positions concurrently, it could have an impact on our results of operations. 
 Some of our key internal assumptions include the following: 
 our ability to implement our business strategy; 
 our ability to implement price increases as forecasted; 
 the effectiveness of our sales and marketing programs such as our Spinnaker, market penetration, and Field Turbo initiatives; 
 the effectiveness of our programs to improve our service business, including growth, globalization, and productivity initiatives; 
 our ability to develop and deliver innovative products and services; 
 the continued growth of our sales in emerging markets; and 
 the effectiveness of productivity and cost saving initiatives. 
 These internal assumptions may also prove to be incorrect over time. For example, with respect to our ability to realize our planned price increases without disturbing our customer base in core markets, in certain markets, such as emerging markets, price tends to be a more significant factor in customers 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 decisions to purchase our products and services. Furthermore, we can have no assurance that our cost reduction programs will generate adequate cost savings. Additionally, it may become necessary to take additional restructuring actions resulting in additional restructuring costs. 
 We believe our current assumptions are reasonable and prudent for planning purposes. However, should any of these assumptions prove to be incorrect, or should we incur lower-than-expected operating performance or cash flows, we may experience results different than our projections. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Properties 
 Our principal executive offices are located in Columbus, Ohio and Greifensee, Switzerland. The following table lists our principal facilities, indicating the location and whether the facility is owned or leased. The properties listed below serve primarily as manufacturing facilities or shared service centers and also typically have a certain amount of space for service, sales and marketing, and administrative activities. The facilities in Giessen, Germany, Viroflay, France, and Salford, United Kingdom are used primarily for sales and marketing. We believe our facilities are adequate for our current and reasonably anticipated future needs. 
 Location Owned/Leased Business Segment Europe: Greifensee/N nikon, Switzerland Owned Swiss Operations Urdorf, Switzerland Owned Swiss Operations Manchester, England Leased Western European Operations Royston, United Kingdom Owned Western European Operations Salford, United Kingdom Leased Western European Operations Viroflay, France Owned Western European Operations Albstadt, Germany Owned Western European Operations Giessen, (Hesse) Germany Owned Western European Operations Giesen, (Lower Saxony) Germany Owned Western European Operations Warsaw, Poland Leased Other Operations Americas: Columbus, Ohio Leased U.S. Operations Worthington, Ohio (two facilities) Owned U.S. Operations Oakland, California Owned U.S. Operations Billerica, Massachusetts Owned U.S. Operations Lutz, Florida Owned U.S. Operations Tijuana, Mexico Leased U.S. Operations Thorofare, New Jersey Owned U.S. Operations Princeton, New Jersey Leased U.S. Operations Other: Shanghai, China (two facilities) Buildings Owned; Chinese Operations Land Leased Changzhou, China (two facilities) Buildings Owned; Chinese Operations Land Leased ChengDu, China Building Owned; Chinese Operations Land Leased Mumbai, India (four facilities) Building, Land Owned (1); Leased (3) Other Operations 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are not currently involved in any legal proceeding that we believe could have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. See the disclosure in Item 1 above under Environmental Matters, as well as Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 See Part III, Item 10 of this annual report for information about our executive officers. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol MTD. 
 Holders 
 At January 26, 2023, there were 39 holders of record of common stock and 22,106,175 shar es of common stock outstanding. We estimate we have approxim ately 219,878 benef icial owners of common stock. 
 Dividend Policy 
 Historically, we have not paid dividends on our common stock. However, we will evaluate this policy on a periodic basis taking into account our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements including potential acquisitions, our share repurchase program, the taxation of dividends to our shareholders, and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. 

30 

Table of Contents 

 Share Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total returns (assuming reinvestment of dividends) on 100 invested on December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022 in our common stock, the Standard Poor s 500 Composite Stock Index (S P 500 Index), and the SIC Code 3826 Index Laboratory Analytical Instruments. 
 
 Comparison of Cumulative Total Return Among Mettler-Toledo International Inc., the S P 500 Index, and SIC Code 3826 Index Laboratory Analytical Instruments (a) 
 12/31/17 12/31/18 12/31/19 12/31/20 12/31/21 12/31/22 Mettler-Toledo 100 91 128 184 274 233 S P 500 Index 100 96 126 149 192 157 SIC Code 3826 Index 100 113 155 216 300 236 (a) The Performance Graph will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. In addition, the Performance Graph will not be deemed to be "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, other than as provided in Regulation S-K, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that the Company specifically requests that such information be treated as soliciting material or specifically incorporates it by reference into a filing under the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program Approximate Dollar Value (in thousands) of Shares that may yet be Purchased under the Program Period October 1 to October 31, 2022 75,550 1,172.00 75,550 1,144,884 November 1 to November 30, 2022 71,953 1,360.10 71,953 3,547,019 December 1 to December 31, 2022 61,127 1,449.24 61,127 3,458,430 Total 208,630 1,318.10 208,630 3,458,430 
 In November 2022, the Company s Board of Directors authorized an additional 2.5 billion to the share repurchase program, which had 3.5 billion of remaining availability as of December 31, 2022. The share repurchases are expected to be funded from cash generated from operating activities, borrowings, and cash balances. Repurchases will be made through open market transactions, and the amount and timing of purchases will depend on business and market conditions, the stock price, trading restrictions, the level of acquisition activity, and other factors. 
 We have purchased 31.0 million common shares since the inception of the program in 2004 through December 31, 2022, at a total cost of 8.0 billion. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we spent 1.1 billion and 1.0 billion on the repurchase of 838,010 shares and 739,486 shares at an average price per share of 1,312.61 and 1,352.27, respectively. We reissued 133,916 shares and 110,748 shares held in treasury for the exercise of stock options and restricted stock units during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our consolidated financial statements. 
 Changes in local currencies exclude the effect of currency exchange rate fluctuations. Local currency amounts are determined by translating current and previous year consolidated financial information at an index utilizing historical currency exchange rates. We believe local currency information provides a helpful assessment of business performance and a useful measure of results between periods. We do not, nor do we suggest that investors should, consider such non-GAAP financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. We present non-GAAP financial measures in reporting our financial results to provide investors with an additional analytical tool to evaluate our operating results. 
 We also include in the discussion below disclosures of immaterial qualitative factors that are not quantified. Although the impact of such factors is not considered material, we believe these disclosures can be useful in evaluating our operating results. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Overview 
 We operate a global business with sales that are diversified by geographic region, product range, and customer. We hold leading positions worldwide in many of our markets and attribute this leadership to several factors, including the strength of our brand name and reputation, our comprehensive offering of innovative instruments and solutions, our Spinnaker sales and marketing program, and the breadth and quality of our global sales and service network. 
 Net sales in U.S. dollars increased 5 in 2022 and 21 in 2021. Excluding the effect of currency exchange rate fluctuations, or in local currencies, net sales increased 11 in 2022 and 18 in 2021. In 2022, we experienced strong growth in most businesses with favorable market conditions and excellent execution. Growth in China and the Americas was particularly strong. We continue to benefit from our strong global leadership positions, diversified customer base, innovative product offering, investment in emerging markets, significant installed base, and the impact of our sophisticated global sales and marketing programs. Examples of these programs include identifying and investing in growth and market penetration opportunities, more effectively pricing our products and services, increasing our sales force effectiveness through improved guidance and redirecting resources to our most promising growth opportunities, increasing the use of digital tools, and continuing to optimize our lead generation and lead nurturing processes. 
 During 2022, we faced significant external challenges, such as global inflation, supply chain disruptions, the war in Ukraine, COVID-19 lockdowns in China, unfavorable foreign currency and increased interest rates. Our team s resilience and agility to quickly react to adapt to the changing environment were critical to our success. Our supply chain also was a competitive advantage, while our productivity and pricing programs helped offset significant inflationary pressures. Over the past few years, we also accelerated our ability to use advanced analytics to identify and pursue growth opportunities, while increasing the effectiveness of our digital tools to support our global sales organization. We also have continued to increase engagement with our customers with our Go-to-Market and digital approaches. Our Service business also delivered very strong results in 2022 as we have been able to support our customers ability to maintain uptime, improve productivity and comply with regulatory requirements. 
 As we enter 2023, we expect to continue to benefit from market trends towards automation and digitalization, as well as customer investments in on/near-shoring activities. However, market conditions and challenges remain uncertain relating to the macro environment and global economy, including the impacts of tighter monetary policies and related increase in interest rates to combat inflation, ongoing developments related to Ukraine, and COVID-19 (particularly in China). We also will face difficult prior period comparisons in 2023 due to strong results in both 2022 and 2021. Furthermore, inflationary cost increases and challenges in the global supply chain may continue, and market conditions may change quickly. 
 Our laboratory sales experienced excellent growth in 2022, particularly from life sciences and biotech customers. We expect to continue to benefit from favorable biopharma market trends. We also believe we will continue to benefit from increased customer demand for automation, digitalization, and safety; new facility investments; and continued focus on regulatory compliance including data integrity requirements. Overall, we believe we are well positioned to continue to capture growth and gain market share in our laboratory business. 
 Our industrial sales experienced strong growth in 2022 in both core industrial and product inspection. Core industrial experienced particularly strong growth, especially in China and the U.S. We continue to benefit from our strong product offering and focus on the more attractive, faster-growing segments of the market and strong execution of our growth initiatives in each region. We also continue to benefit from 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 market trends in automation and digitalization and also expect to benefit from customer on/near-shoring activities in the future. China and emerging market economies have historically been an important source of growth based upon the expansion of their domestic economies, and we expect this to be a source of future growth. Our core industrial-related products are also especially sensitive to changes in economic growth. We expect our product inspection end-market to also benefit from our customers focus on brand protection, food safety, and productivity. However, product inspection customers in the packaged food industry have been negatively impacted by the war in Ukraine and the COVID-19 situation in China. 
 Our food retailing sales increased modestly during 2022 primarily due to improved project activity in the United States and Europe, while we experienced weaker market conditions in China. Traditionally, the spending levels in this sector have experienced more volatility than our other end-markets due to the timing of customer project activity and new regulations. 
 In 2023, we will continue to pursue the overall business growth strategies which we have followed in recent years: 
 Gaining Market Share. Innovation is essential to gaining market share and is fundamental in all aspects of our business including sales and marketing and technology leadership . Our global sales and marketing initiative, Spinnaker, continues to be an important growth strategy. We aim to gain market share by implementing sophisticated sales and marketing programs, leveraging our extensive customer databases, product offering and installed base. While this initiative is broad-based, efforts to improve these processes include the use of advanced data analytics to identify, prioritize, and pursue growth opportunities; the implementation of more effective pricing related to value-based selling strategies and processes; improved sales force guidance, training and effectiveness; cross-selling; increased segment marketing; and leads generation and nurturing activities. We also have added field sales and service resources to pursue underpenetrated market opportunities, and continue to adapt our Go-to-Market approaches with additional inside and telesales resources, while also increasing digital customer interaction. We continue to benefit from digitalization tools to gain efficiencies and increase the effectiveness of our field sales force. In addition, our comprehensive service offerings, and our initiatives to globalize and harmonize these offerings, help us further penetrate developed markets. 
 We estimate that we have the largest installed base of weighing instruments in the world, and we continue to leverage advanced data analytics and invest in sales and marketing activities to increase the proportion of our installed base that is under service contract, or sell new products that replace old products in our installed base. In addition to traditional repair and maintenance, our service offerings continue to expand into value-added services for a range of market needs, including regulatory compliance. We have also made adjustments to our service model to incorporate remote service, depot drop-off/pickup, and other approaches. 
 Faster Growing Markets. Emerging markets, comprising Asia (excluding Japan), Eastern Europe, Latin America, the Middle East, and Africa, account for approximately 37 of our total net sales. We have a two-pronged strategy in emerging markets: first, to capitalize on long-term growth opportunities in these markets, and second, to leverage our low-cost manufacturing operations in China. We have a 35-year track record in China, and our sales in Asia have grown more than 13 on a compound annual growth basis in local currencies since 1999. Over the years, we also have broadened our product offering to the Asian markets. India has also been a source of emerging market sales growth in past years due to increased life science research activities. Overall, versus the prior year, we experienced a 12 increase in emerging market local currency sales by destination during 2022, which included 14 local currency sales growth in China. Within China, we continue to redeploy resources and sales and marketing efforts to the faster-growing segments of pharma, food manufacturing, chemical, and new energy. We believe the long-term growth of these segments will be favorably impacted by the Chinese government s emphasis on 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 science, high-value industries, product quality, and food safety. We expect our laboratory and product inspection businesses will particularly benefit from our focus on these segments. We also continue to invest and add sales and marketing resources to pursue growth in under-penetrated emerging markets. However, emerging market sales can be volatile. In particular, China has historically been volatile and market conditions may change unfavorably due to various factors. In addition to China and emerging markets, we also pursue other faster growth vertical markets. While rather small, these markets present outsized growth potential. Segments include lithium ion battery, semiconductors, advanced materials and plant-based food. The components of these faster growing segments will change as various markets develop and we will continue to leverage the breadth and scope of our product offering as new opportunities emerge. 
 Extending Our Technology Lead. We continue to focus on product innovation. In the last three years, we spent approximately 5 of net sales on research and development. We seek to improve our product offerings and their capabilities with additional integrated technologies and software, which we believe supports our pricing differentiation and accelerates product replacement cycles. In addition, we aim to create value for our customers by having thorough knowledge of their processes via our significant installed product base. 
 Expanding Our Margins. During 2022, we experienced increased inflation in our cost structure, particularly regarding costs for product materials and transportation and logistics. However, despite these challenges to our cost structure, we continue to strive to improve our margins by enhancing our value proposition via innovation, more effectively pricing our products and services, optimizing our cost structure, and improving our mix in higher-margin businesses such as service. For example, sophisticated data analytic tools provide us new insights to further refine our price strategies and processes. We also focus on reallocating resources and better aligning our cost structure to support our investments in market penetration initiatives, higher-growth/profitable areas, and opportunities for margin improvement. 
 We also have implemented global procurement and supply chain management programs over the last several years aimed at lowering costs, and have increased our focus on these programs with our SternDrive initiative. SternDrive is our global operational excellence program for continuous improvement efforts within our supply chain, manufacturing, and back-office operations. Blue Ocean is also an important enabler of our various margin expansion initiatives. Our move to standardized business processes, systems, and data structures throughout our global organization provides greater data transparency and faster access to real-time data. Our cost leadership and productivity initiatives are also focused on continuously improving our invested capital efficiency, such as reducing our working capital levels, improving our order to cash cycle, and ensuring appropriate returns on our expenditures. 
 Pursuing Strategic Acquisitions. We seek to pursue "bolt-on" acquisitions that may leverage our global sales and service network, respected brand, extensive distribution channels, and technological leadership. We have identified life sciences and process analytics as key areas for acquisitions. For example, in 2021, we acquired all the membership interests of Mayfair Technology, LLC (PendoTECH), a manufacturer and distributor of single-use sensors, transmitters, control systems, and software for measuring, monitoring, and data collection primarily in bioprocess applications. PendoTECH serves biopharmaceutical manufacturers and life science laboratories and is located in the United States. The initial cash payment was 185.0 million and we made other post-closing payments of 7.4 million. We have paid an additional 10.0 million related to an earn-out provision in the agreement during 2022 and expect to pay additional consideration of 10.0 million in 2023. In 2021, we also acquired Scale-up Systems Inc., a leading software provider for scale-up and reaction modeling serving the biopharma and chemical markets. The initial cash payment was 20.2 million and we may be required to pay additional consideration up to EUR 3.0 million. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 COVID-19 
 The coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) has spread globally in all countries where we conduct business. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve and has led to the implementation of various responses, including government-imposed quarantines, stay-at-home orders and lockdowns, travel restrictions, vaccination and testing requirements, and other public health safety measures. The emergence of COVID-19 variants and subvariants has presented particular challenges to the global economy given the high level of transmissibility, which can cause many people to be affected at the same time or over a short period of time. For example, China recently eased its zero COVID policies related to previous lockdowns as part of the government's response to the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result China has experienced a significant increase in COVID-19 cases which may have negative implications on our business and supply chain, as well as the Chinese and global economies. 
 COVID-19 presents several risks to our business as further described on page 14 in the Risk Factors section of this Form 10-K. Uncertainties related to COVID-19 and the resulting impact to the global economy continue in most regions of the world, and market conditions can change quickly. The longer-term effects on our business will be influenced by the global economy and any economic implications in different regions of the world. 
 Ongoing Developments Related to Ukraine 
 We continue to monitor the ongoing developments related to Ukraine, as well as the status of all applicable sanctions. We have remained in close contact with our employees in Ukraine and have provided financial assistance and supplies to them. We suspended all shipments to Russia since the beginning of the invasion in February 2022. For historical reference, in 2021, approximately 1 of our net sales were in Russia and Ukraine, and we had an immaterial amount of assets and liabilities in both countries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. We also do not have manufacturing in Russia or Ukraine. 
 The ongoing developments related to Ukraine present several risks to our business as further described on page 15 in the Risk Factors section of this Form 10-K. While it is difficult to estimate the impact of the ongoing invasion on the global economy, including increased inflation, higher energy and transportation costs and potential energy shortages, the invasion of Ukraine could adversely impact our financial results and presents several risks to our business. 
 Results of Operations Consolidated 
 Net sales 
 Net sales were 3.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3.7 billion in 2021 and 3.1 billion in 2020. This represents an increase of 5 in 2022 and 21 in 2021 in U.S. dollars and an increase of 11 in 2022 and 18 in 2021 in local currencies. In 2022, we experienced strong growth in most businesses and regions with particularly strong growth in China and the Americas. We continue to benefit from the execution of our global sales and marketing programs, our innovative product portfolio, and investments in our field organization, particularly surrounding digital tools and techniques. However, there is uncertainty in the economic environment, including the risk of recession in some countries. Uncertainties and challenges also continue relating to ongoing developments related to Ukraine, COVID-19 (particularly in China), inflation, and supply chain challenges, and market conditions may change quickly. 
 In 2022, our net sales by geographic destination increased in U.S. dollars compared to 2021 by 11 in the Americas and 7 in Asia/Rest of World and decreased 5 in Europe. In local currencies, our net sales by geographic destination increased in 2022 by 12 in the Americas, 6 in Europe, and 13 in Asia/Rest of World, with 14 growth in China. Suspending shipments in Russia reduced our local 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 currency sales in Europe by approximately 3 in 2022. The PendoTECH acquisition contributed approximately 1 to net sales in the Americas during 2022. A discussion of sales by operating segment is included below. 
 As described in Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements, our net sales comprise product sales of precision instruments and related services. Service revenues are primarily derived from repair and other services, including regulatory compliance qualification, calibration, certification, preventative maintenance, and spare parts. 
 Net sales of products increased 5 in U.S. dollars and 10 in local currencies during 2022 and increased 23 in U.S. dollars and 20 in local currencies in 2021. Service revenue (including spare parts) increased 6 in U.S. dollars and 12 in local currencies in 2022 and increased 11 in U.S. dollars and 8 in local currencies in 2021. 
 Net sales of our laboratory products and services, which represented approximately 57 of our total net sales in 2022, increased 7 in U.S. dollars and 12 in local currencies during 2022. The local currency increase in net sales of our laboratory-related products during 2022 includes very strong growth in most product categories. Net sales of our laboratory products also benefited approximately 1 from the PendoTECH acquisition. 
 Net sales of our industrial products and services, which represented approximately 38 of our total net sales in 2022, increased 4 in U.S. dollars and 9 in local currencies during 2022. The local currency increase in net sales of our industrial-related products during 2022 includes strong growth in most product categories, especially in core industrial. 
 Net sales of our food retailing products and services, which represented approximately 5 of our total net sales in 2022, decreased 5 in U.S. dollars and increased 1 in local currencies during 2022. The local currency increase includes improved project activity in the Americas, offset in part by weak market conditions in China. 
 Gross profit 
 Gross profit as a percentage of net sales was 58.9 for 2022 and 58.4 for both 2021 and 2020. 
 Gross profit as a percentage of net sales for products was 60.6 for 2022, compared to 60.1 for 2021 and 60.3 for 2020. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales for services (including spare parts) was 52.0 for 2022, compared to 51.8 for 2021 and 51.6 for 2020. 
 The gross profit as a percentage of net sales for 2022 primarily reflects increased sales volume and favorable price realization, offset by higher material costs. 
 Research and development and selling, general, and administrative expenses 
 Research and development expenses as a percentage of net sales were 4.5 for 2022, 4.6 for 2021, and 4.5 for 2020. Research and development expenses in U.S. dollars increased 4 in 2022 and 21 in 2021, and in local currencies increased 9 in 2022 and 17 in 2021. The increase during 2022 primarily relates to increased project activity. 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales were 23.9 for 2022, compared to 25.4 for 2021 and 26.6 for 2020. Selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased 1 in U.S. dollars and increased 4 in local currencies in 2022 and increased 15 in U.S. dollars and 12 in local currencies in 2021. The increase during 2022 primarily includes increased sales and marketing investments partially offset by lower cash incentive expense. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Amortization expense 
 Amortization expense was 66.2 million in 2022, compared to 63.1 million and 56.7 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in amortization expense during 2022 is primarily related to purchased intangibles amortization. 
 Restructuring charges 
 During the past few years, we initiated various cost reduction measures. Restructuring charges were 9.6 million in 2022, compared to 5.2 million and 10.5 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. Restructuring expenses are primarily comprised of employee-related costs. 
 Other charges (income), net 
 Other charges (income), net consisted of net income of 9.3 million, 3.1 million, and 13.8 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Other charges (income), net includes non-service pension costs (benefits), net (gains) losses from foreign currency transactions and hedging activities, interest income, and other items. Non-service pension benefits were 16.9 million, 11.4 million, and 12.2 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Other charges (income), net also includes 0.9 million and 3.4 million of acquisition costs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as well as a 6.8 million charge to increase the PendoTECH acquisition contingent consideration and related obligations to the sellers for 2021. 
 Interest expense and taxes 
 Interest expense was 55.4 million for 2022, compared to 43.2 million for 2021 and 38.6 million for 2020. 
 Our reported tax rate was 18.5 during 2022, compared to 19.0 and 19.5 during 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Results of Operations by Operating Segment 
 The following is a discussion of the financial results of our operating segments. We currently have five reportable segments: U.S. Operations, Swiss Operations, Western European Operations, Chinese Operations, and Other. A more detailed description of these segments is outlined in Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 U.S. Operations (amounts in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) in 2022 vs. 2021 Increase (Decrease) in 2021 vs. 2020 Net sales 1,601,344 1,443,970 1,194,169 11 21 Net sales to external customers 1,444,460 1,287,983 1,072,319 12 20 Segment profit 357,802 302,177 244,940 18 23 
 Total net sales increased 11 in 2022 and 21 in 2021 and net sales to external customers increased 12 in 2022 and 20 in 2021. The increase during 2022 is driven by strong growth in most product categories. Net sales to external customers in our U.S. Operations also benefited approximately 1 from the PendoTECH acquisition. 
 Segment profit increased 55.6 million in our U.S. Operations segment during 2022, compared to an increase of 57.2 million during 2021. The segment profit increase in 2022 includes higher net sales volume and benefits from our margin expansion initiatives, offset in part by higher material costs. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Swiss Operations (amounts in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) in (1) 2022 vs. 2021 
 Increase (Decrease) in (1) 2021 vs. 2020 
 Net sales 1,016,070 997,634 823,760 2 21 Net sales to external customers 176,119 171,633 143,923 3 19 Segment profit 309,844 301,142 245,465 3 23 
 (1) Represents U.S. dollar growth. 
 Total net sales in U.S. dollars increased 2 in 2022 and 21 in 2021, and in local currencies increased 6 in 2022 and increased 19 in 2021. Net sales to external customers in U.S. dollars increased 3 in 2022 and increased 19 in 2021, and in local currencies increased 6 in 2022 and increased 17 in 2021. Local currency net sales to external customers during 2022 includes strong growth in laboratory products. 
 Segment profit increased 8.7 million in our Swiss Operations segment during 2022, compared to an increase of 55.7 million during 2021. The segment profit increase in 2022 includes higher net sales volume and benefits from our margin expansion initiatives, offset in part by unfavorable foreign currency translation and higher material costs. 
 Western European Operations (amounts in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) in (1) 2022 vs. 2021 
 Increase (Decrease) in (1) 2021 vs. 2020 
 Net sales 996,831 1,041,308 889,891 (4) 17 Net sales to external customers 799,931 829,761 716,715 (4) 16 Segment profit 174,352 172,265 147,562 1 17 
 (1) Represents U.S. dollar growth. 
 Total net sales in U.S. dollars decreased 4 in 2022 and increased 17 in 2021, and in local currencies increased 8 in 2022 and 12 in 2021. Net sales to external customers in U.S. dollars decreased 4 in 2022 and increased 16 in 2021, and in local currencies increased 9 in 2022 and 12 in 2021. Local currency net sales to external customers during 2022 includes solid growth in most product categories, especially laboratory and core-industrial products. 
 Segment profit increased 2.1 million in our Western European Operations segment during 2022, compared to an increase of 24.7 million in 2021. The segment profit increase in 2022 is primarily due to higher sales volume and benefits from our margin expansion initiatives, offset in part by unfavorable currency translation and higher material costs. 
 Chinese Operations (amounts in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) in (1) 2022 vs. 2021 
 Increase (Decrease) in (1) 2021 vs. 2020 
 Net sales 1,149,690 1,063,430 792,345 8 34 Net sales to external customers 841,526 771,651 578,610 9 33 Segment profit 424,162 369,835 270,497 15 37 
 (1) Represents U.S. dollar growth. 
 Total net sales in U.S. dollars increased 8 in 2022 and increased 34 in 2021, and in local currencies increased 13 in 2022 and 26 in 2021. Net sales by origin to external customers in U.S. dollars increased 9 in 2022 and 33 in 2021, and in local currencies increased 13 in 2022 and 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 25 in 2021. The increase in net sales to external customers during 2022 includes very strong growth in laboratory and core-industrial products, offset in part by a decline in food retailing. However, uncertainties exist, especially relating to COVID-19 outbreaks and the related impact on the economy, and market conditions may change quickly. 
 Segment profit increased 54.3 million in our Chinese Operations segment during 2022, compared to an increase of 99.3 million in 2021. The increase in segment profit during 2022 primarily reflects increased sales volume and benefits from our margin expansion initiatives, offset in part by unfavorable currency translation and higher material costs. 
 Other (amounts in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Increase (Decrease) in (1) 2022 vs. 2021 
 Increase (Decrease) in (1) 2021 vs. 2020 
 Net sales 661,632 661,682 578,210 14 Net sales to external customers 657,673 656,902 573,610 15 Segment profit 90,322 100,028 77,910 (10) 28 
 (1) Represents U.S. dollar growth. 
 Other includes reporting units in Southeast Asia, Latin America, Eastern Europe, and other countries. Net sales to external customers in U.S. dollars were flat in 2022 and increased 14 in 2021, and in local currencies increased 8 in 2022 and 12 in 2021. The increase in local currency growth in net sales to external customers during 2022 includes particularly strong growth in laboratory products. 
 Segment profit decreased 9.7 million in our Other segment during 2022, compared to an increase of 22.1 million during 2021. The decrease in segment profit during 2022 primarily relate to unfavorable foreign currency translation, offset by increased sales volume and benefits from our margin expansion initiatives. 
 Liquidity, Capital Resources, and Future Cash Requirements 
 Liquidity is our ability to generate sufficient cash to meet our obligations and commitments. Sources of liquidity include cash flows from operating activities, available borrowings under our Credit Agreement, the ability to obtain appropriate financing, and our cash and cash equivalent balances. Currently, our financing requirements are primarily driven by working capital requirements, capital expenditures, share repurchases, and acquisitions. Global market conditions can be uncertain, and our ability to generate cash flows could be reduced by a deterioration in global markets. 
 We currently believe that cash flows from operating activities, together with liquidity available under our Credit Agreement, local working capital facilities, and cash balances, will be sufficient to fund currently anticipated working capital needs and spending requirements for at least the foreseeable future. 
 Cash provided by operating activities totaled 859.1 million in 2022, compared to 908.8 million in 2021 and 724.7 million in 2020. The decrease in 2022 is primarily due to higher cash incentive payments related to our strong prior year performance and increased inventory levels to mitigate supply chain challenges. 
 Capital expenditures are made primarily for investments in information systems and technology, machinery, equipment, and the purchase and expansion of facilities. Our capital expenditures totaled 121.2 million in 2022, 107.6 million in 2021, and 92.5 million in 2020. Capital expenditures in 2023 are expected to be approximately 15 million higher than 2022 subject to business and economic conditions. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 In September 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with the U.S. Department of Defense to increase domestic production capacity of pipette tips and enhance manufacturing automation and logistics. As of December 31, 2022, we have obtained 29.7 million of the 35.8 million of total funding to be received through 2023, which will offset associated capital expenditures. During the period ended December 31, 2022, we incurred approximately 28.1 million of capital expenditures relating to this funding agreement. 
 We continue to explore potential acquisitions. In connection with any acquisition, we may incur additional indebtedness. In March 2021, we acquired all the membership interests of Mayfair Technology, LLC (PendoTECH), a manufacturer and distributor of single-use sensors, transmitters, control systems, and software for measuring, monitoring, and data collection primarily in bioprocess applications. PendoTECH serves biopharmaceutical manufacturers and life science laboratories and is located in the United States. The initial cash payment was 185.0 million and we made other post-closing payments of 7.4 million. Additional consideration of 10.0 million was paid in 2022, and we expect to pay additional consideration of 10.0 million in 2023. In October 2021, the Company acquired Scale-up Systems Inc., a leading software provider for scale-up and reaction modeling serving the biopharma and chemical markets. The initial cash payment was 20.2 million and the Company may be required to pay additional amounts up to EUR 3.0 million. For additional information related to these acquisitions, refer to Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 In 2022, 2021, and 2020, we also incurred additional acquisition payments totaling 38.0 million, 8.3 million, and 6.2 million, respectively. 
 Cash flows used in financing activities during 2022 primarily comprised share repurchases. In accordance with our share repurchase program, we spent 1.1 billion in 2022 and 1.0 billion and 775.0 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively on the repurchase of 838,010 shares, 739,486 shares, and 815,652 shares, respectively. Our share repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares; however, in 2023, we intend to spend a similar amount on the repurchase of shares as we spent in 2022, subject to business and economic conditions. 
 The Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) was enacted on August 16, 2022. The IRA includes provisions imposing a 1 excise tax on net share repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022 and introduces a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax (CAMT) on adjusted financial statement income. We expect the financial impact of the IRA to be immaterial to our financial statements. 
 We plan to continue to repatriate earnings from China, Switzerland, Germany, the United Kingdom, and certain other countries in future years and expect the only additional cost associated with the repatriation of such foreign earnings will be withholding taxes. All other undistributed earnings are considered to be permanently reinvested. We believe the ongoing tax impact associated with repatriating our undistributed foreign earnings will not have a material effect on our liquidity. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Senior Notes and Credit Facility Agreement 
 Our short-term borrowings and long-term debt consisted of the following at December 31, 2022: 
 U.S. Dollar Other Principal Trading Currencies Total 4.10 50 million 10-year Senior Notes due September 19, 2023 50,000 50,000 3.84 125 million 10-year Senior Notes due September 19, 2024 125,000 125,000 4.24 125 million 10-year Senior Notes due June 25, 2025 125,000 125,000 3.91 75 million 10-year Senior Notes due June 25, 2029 75,000 75,000 2.83 125 million 12-year Senior Notes due July 22, 2033 125,000 125,000 3.19 50 million 15-year Senior Notes due January 24, 2035 50,000 50,000 2.81 150 million 15-year Senior Notes due March 17, 2037 150,000 150,000 2.91 150 million 15-year Senior Notes due September 1, 2037 150,000 150,000 1.47 EUR 125 million 15-year Senior Notes due June 17, 2030 133,794 133,794 1.30 EUR 135 million 15-year Senior Notes due November 6, 2034 144,497 144,497 1.06 EUR 125 million 15-year Senior Notes due March 19, 2036 133,794 133,794 Senior Notes debt issuance costs, net (3,033) (1,488) (4,521) Total Senior Notes 846,967 410,597 1,257,564 1.25 billion Credit Agreement, interest at LIBOR plus 87.5 basis points (1) 
 507,679 189,532 697,211 Other local arrangements 3,891 55,868 59,759 Total debt 1,358,537 655,997 2,014,534 Less: current portion (50,436) (55,618) (106,054) Total long-term debt 1,308,101 600,379 1,908,480 
 (1) See Note 6 and Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for additional disclosures on the financial instruments associated with the Credit Agreement. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 547.0 million of additional borrowings were available under our Credit Agreement and we maintained 96.0 million of cash and cash equivalents. At December 31, 2022, the interest payments associated with 73 of the Company s debt are fixed obligations. We expect to make interest payments of approximately 75.0 million during 2023 associated with our debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in exchange rates between the currencies in which we generate cash flow and the currencies in which our borrowings are denominated affect our liquidity. In addition, because we borrow in a variety of currencies, our debt balances fluctuate due to changes in exchange rates. Further, we do not have any downgrade triggers from rating agencies that would accelerate the maturity dates of our debt. We were in compliance with our debt covenants as of December 31, 2022. 
 Senior Notes 
 The Senior Notes listed above are senior unsecured obligations and interest is payable semi-annually. The Senior Notes each contain customary affirmative and negative covenants as further described in Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 In December 2022, we entered into an agreement to issue and sell 150 million 10-year Senior Notes in a private placement. We will issue 150 million with a fixed interest rate of 5.45 in March 2023, which will mature in March 2033. We will use the proceeds from the sale of the notes to refinance existing indebtedness and for other general corporate purposes. 
 In December 2021, we entered into an agreement to issue and sell 300 million 15-year Senior Notes in a private placement. We issued 150 million with a fixed interest rate of 2.81 (2.81 Senior Notes) in March 2022, which will mature in March 2037, and we issued 150 million with a fixed interest rate of 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 2.91 (2.91 Senior Notes) in September 2022, which will mature in September 2037. We used the proceeds from the sale of the notes to refinance existing indebtedness and for other general corporate purposes. 
 Credit Agreement 
 On June 25, 2021, we entered into a 1.25 billion Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement), which amended our 1.1 billion Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Prior Credit Agreement), which is further described in Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Other Local Arrangements 
 In April 2018, two of our non-U.S. pension plans issued loans totaling 39.6 million (Swiss franc 38 million) to a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The loans have the same terms and conditions, which include an interest rate of SARON plus 87.5 basis points. The loans were renewed for one year in April 2022. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 In November 2022, the Company s Board of Directors authorized an additional 2.5 billion to the share repurchase program which has 3.5 billion of remaining availability as of December 31, 2022. The share repurchases are expected to be funded from cash generated from operating activities, borrowings, and cash balances. Repurchases will be made through open market transactions, and the amount and timing of purchases will depend on business and market conditions, the stock price, trading restrictions, the level of acquisition activity, and other factors. 
 We have purchased 31.0 million common shares since the inception of the program in 2004 through December 31, 2022, at a total cost of 8.0 billion. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we spent 1.1 billion and 1.0 billion on the repurchase of 838,010 shares and 739,486 shares at an average price per share of 1,312.61 and 1,352.27, respectively. We reissued 133,916 shares and 110,748 shares held in treasury for the exercise of stock options and restricted stock units during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Effect of Currency on Results of Operations 
 Our earnings are affected by changing exchange rates. We are particularly sensitive to changes in the exchange rates between the Swiss franc, euro, Chinese renminbi, and U.S. dollar. We have more Swiss franc expenses than we do Swiss franc sales because we develop and manufacture products in Switzerland that we sell globally and have a number of corporate functions located in Switzerland. When the Swiss franc strengthens against our other trading currencies, particularly the U.S. dollar and euro, our earnings go down. We also have significantly more sales in the euro than we do expenses. When the euro weakens against the U.S. dollar and Swiss franc, our earnings also go down. We estimate a 1 strengthening of the Swiss franc against the euro would reduce our earnings before tax by approximately 1.8 million to 2.0 million annually. 
 We also conduct business throughout the world, including Asia Pacific, the United Kingdom, Eastern Europe, Latin America, and Canada. Fluctuations in these currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar can also affect our operating results. The most significant of these currency exposures is the Chinese renminbi. The impact on our earnings before tax of the Chinese renminbi weakening 1 against the U.S. dollar is a reduction of approximately 3.7 million to 4.2 million annually. 
 In addition to the effects of exchange rate movements on operating profits, our debt levels can fluctuate due to changes in exchange rates, particularly between the U.S. dollar, the Swiss franc, and euro. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Based on our outstanding debt at December 31, 2022, we estimate that a 5 weakening of the U.S. dollar against the currencies in which our debt is denominated would result in an increase of 35 million in the reported U.S. dollar value of our debt. 
 Taxes 
 We are subject to taxation in many jurisdictions throughout the world. Our effective tax rate and tax liability will be affected by a number of factors, such as changes in law, the amount of taxable income in particular jurisdictions, the tax rates in such jurisdictions, tax treaties between jurisdictions, the extent to which we transfer funds between jurisdictions, and earnings repatriations between jurisdictions. Generally, the tax liability for each taxpayer within the Mettler-Toledo International Inc. group of companies is determined either (i) on a non-consolidated/non-combined basis or (ii) on a consolidated/combined basis only with other eligible entities subject to tax in the same jurisdiction, in either case without regard to the taxable losses of non-consolidated/non-combined affiliated legal entities. 
 Environmental Matters 
 We are subject to environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We own or lease a number of properties and manufacturing facilities around the world. Like many of our competitors, we have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in complying with such laws and regulations. 
 We are currently involved in, or have potential liability with respect to, the remediation of past contamination in certain of our facilities. A former subsidiary of Mettler-Toledo, LLC known as Hi-Speed Checkweigher Co., Inc. was one of two private parties ordered by the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection, in an administrative consent order signed on June 13, 1988, to investigate and remediate certain ground water contamination at a property in Landing, New Jersey. After the other party under this order failed to fulfill its obligations, Hi-Speed became solely responsible for compliance with the order. Residual ground water contamination at this site is now within a Classification Exception Area which the Department of Environmental Protection has approved and within which the Company oversees monitoring of the decay of contaminants of concern. A concurrent Well Restriction Area also exists for the site. The Department of Environmental Protection does not view these vehicles as remedial measures, but rather as institutional controls that must be adequately maintained and periodically evaluated. We estimate that the costs of compliance associated with the site over the next several years will approximate a total of 0.4 million. 
 In addition, certain of our present and former facilities have or had been in operation for many decades and, over such time, some of these facilities may have used substances or generated and disposed of wastes which are or may be considered hazardous. It is possible that these sites, as well as disposal sites owned by third parties to which we have sent wastes, may in the future be identified and become the subject of remediation. Although we believe that we are in substantial compliance with applicable environmental requirements and, to date, we have not incurred material expenditures in connection with environmental matters, it is possible that we could become subject to additional environmental liabilities in the future that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Inflation 
 Global inflation significantly increased in 2022 and 2021 related to the COVID-19 economic recovery and associated disruptions in global demand, supply chains/logistics, and labor markets, as well as the war in Ukraine and related significant increase in energy costs. Inflation can affect the costs of goods and services that we use, including raw materials to manufacture our products, as well as transportation and logistical costs and other external costs and services. Inflation can also affect labor 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 costs which are a significant element of our overall cost structure. Inflation can also lead to increased interest rates as country monetary policies combat inflation. This can result in reduced economic growth and recessionary conditions, as well as higher borrowing costs. Inflation presents several risks to our business as further described on page 21 in the Risk Factors section of this Form 10-K, and these inflationary conditions could have a greater impact on our operating results in future years. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We have only limited involvement with derivative financial instruments and do not use them for trading purposes. 
 We have entered into certain cross currency swap agreements. The fair value of these contracts was a net asset of 4.1 million at December 31, 2022. Based on our agreements outstanding at December 31, 2022, a 100-basis-point change in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates would result in a change in the net aggregate market value of these instruments by approximately 4.5 million. Any change in fair value would not affect our consolidated statement of operations unless such agreements and the debt they hedge were prematurely settled. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to revenue, income taxes, inventories, goodwill and intangibles, leases, and pensions and other post-retirement benefits. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 We believe the following critical accounting estimates affect our more significant judgments used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and other accounting policies, see Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Income taxes 
 Income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management s assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid on items in the consolidated financial statements. We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. The valuation allowance of 62.6 million as of December 31, 2022 is based on management s estimates of future taxable income and application of relevant income tax law. In the event we were to determine that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of the net recorded amount, an adjustment to the valuation allowance would increase income or equity in the period such determination was made. Likewise, should we determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of the valuation allowance in the future, an adjustment to the net deferred tax asset would be charged to income in the period such determination was made. 
 We plan to repatriate earnings from China, Switzerland, Germany, the United Kingdom, and certain other countries in future years and expect the additional tax costs associated with the repatriation of such earnings will be non-U.S. withholding taxes, certain state taxes, and U.S. taxes on currency gains, if any. All other undistributed earnings are considered permanently reinvested. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 The significant assumptions and estimates described in the preceding paragraphs are important contributors to our ultimate effective tax rate for each year in addition to our income mix from geographical regions. If any of our assumptions or estimates were to change, or should our income mix from our geographical regions change, our effective tax rate could be materially affected. Based on earnings before taxes of 1.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, each increase of 10.7 million in tax expense would increase our effective tax rate by 1 . 
 Employee benefit plans 
 The net periodic pension cost for 2022 and projected benefit obligation as of December 31, 2022 were 0.5 million and 110.3 million, respectively, for our U.S. pension plan. The net periodic cost for 2022 and projected benefit obligation as of December 31, 2022 were 3.3 million and 785.3 million, respectively, for our international pension plans. The net periodic post-retirement benefit for 2022 and expected post-retirement benefit obligation as of December 31, 2022 for our U.S. post-retirement medical benefit plan were 0.1 million and 0.7 million, respectively. 
 Pension and post-retirement benefit plan expense and obligations are developed from assumptions utilized in actuarial valuations. The most significant of these assumptions include the discount rate and expected return on plan assets. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, actual results that differ from the assumptions are accumulated and deferred over future periods. While management believes the assumptions used are appropriate, differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions may affect our plan obligations and future expense. 
 The expected rates of return on the various defined benefit pension plans assets are based on the asset allocation of each plan and the long-term projected return of those assets, which represent a diversified mix of U.S. and international corporate equities and government and corporate debt securities. In 2002, we froze our U.S. defined benefit pension plan and discontinued our retiree medical program for certain current and all future employees. Consequently, no significant future service costs will be incurred on these plans. For 2022, the weighted average return on assets assumption was 6.75 for the U.S. plan and 3.84 for the international plans. A change in the rate of return of 1 would impact annual benefit plan expense by approximately 7.8 million after tax. 
 The discount rates for defined benefit and post-retirement plans are set by benchmarking against high-quality corporate bonds. For 2022, the weighted average discount rate assumption was 4.9 for the U.S. plan and 2.6 for the international plans, representing a weighted average of local rates in countries where such plans exist. A change in the discount rate of 1 would impact annual benefit plan expense by approximately 10.8 million after tax. 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets 
 As of December 31, 2022, our consolidated balance sheet included goodwill of 660.2 million and other intangible assets of 306.1 million. 
 Our business acquisitions typically result in goodwill and other intangible assets, which affect the amount of future period amortization expense and possible impairment expense. The determination of the value of such intangible assets requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect our consolidated financial statements. 
 In accordance with U.S. GAAP, our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but are evaluated for impairment annually in the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset might be impaired. The annual evaluations of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are generally based on an assessment of qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the asset is less than its carrying amount. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 If we are unable to conclude whether the goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible asset is not impaired after considering the totality of events and circumstances during our qualitative assessment, we perform a quantitative impairment test by estimating the fair value of the respective reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible asset and comparing the fair value to the carrying amount of the goodwill asset. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge equal to the difference is recognized. 
 Both the qualitative and quantitative evaluations consider operating results, business plans, economic conditions, and market data, among other factors. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and our judgment in applying them to the impairment analyses. Our assessments to date have indicated that there has been no impairment of these assets. 
 Should any of these estimates or assumptions change, or should we incur lower than expected operating performance or cash flows, including from a prolonged economic slowdown, we may experience a triggering event that requires a new fair value assessment for our reporting units, possibly prior to the required annual assessment. These types of events and resulting analysis could result in impairment charges for goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets if the fair value estimate declines below the carrying value. 
 Our amortization expense related to intangible assets with finite lives may materially change should our estimates of their useful lives change. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Discussion of this item is included in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 The financial statements required by this item are set forth starting on page F-1 and the related financial schedule is set forth on page S-1. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Conclusions Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment, we concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective. 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm that audited the financial statements included in this Report on Form 10-K, has issued their integrated audit report, which covers our internal control over financial reporting, which appears on page F-2. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 The executive officers of the Company are set forth below. Officers are appointed by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board. 
 Name Age Position Patrick Kaltenbach 59 President and Chief Executive Officer Peter Aggersbjerg 54 Head of Divisions Marc de La Gu ronni re 59 Head of European and North American Market Organizations Gerhard Keller 55 Head of Process Analytics Christian Magloth 57 Head of Human Resources Shawn P. Vadala 54 Chief Financial Officer Richard Wong 58 Head of Asia/Pacific Market Organizations 
 Patrick Kaltenbach joined the Company in January 2021 and assumed the role of Chief Executive Officer beginning April 1, 2021. Prior to joining the Company, he served as the President of the Life Sciences Segment at Becton Dickinson since 2018. He was President of Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group at Agilent from 2014 to 2018. Previously, he held wide-ranging and increasing leadership roles at Agilent and its predecessor company, Hewlett Packard, since joining in 1991. 
 Peter Aggersbjerg has been Head of Divisions since January 2020 and Head of Laboratory since January 2018. From February 2016 to December 2017, he served as the Head of our Laboratory Weighing strategic business unit. Prior to joining the Company, he served as the Global BU Head for Medela s Neonatal Care business and a member of its Group management. Prior to Medela, Mr. Aggersbjerg worked in various CEO roles in the health care, medical devices, and industrial sectors in Switzerland, Denmark, and the U.S. Mr. Aggersbjerg will depart the Company at the end of February 2023 at which time Stefan Heiniger will become the Head of Laboratory. Mr. Heiniger has been the Head of Laboratory Weighing since 2018. 
 Marc de La Gu ronni re has been Head of European Market Organizations of the Company since January 2008 and Head of North American Market Organizations since April 2014. He was Head of Region South and General Manager of the Company s market organization in Spain from January 2006 to January 2008. He joined the Company in 2001 as the Industrial Business Area Manager for our market organization in France. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. de La Gu ronni re held various management positions in Europe and the United States with ABB-Elsag Bailey and Danaher-Zellweger. 
 Gerhard Keller joined the Company in 1991 and has been Head of Process Analytics since July 2018 and Head of Pipettes since July 2013. He previously was Head of Region East Asia/Pacific and also served in various Sales and Marketing leadership functions in Europe and Asia Pacific. Prior to joining the Company, he worked in Quality Control at Sandoz, now Novartis, in Switzerland. 
 Christian Magloth joined the Company in October 2010 and has been Head of Human Resources since December 2010. Prior to joining the Company, he served as Head of Human Resources of Straumann, a leading global medical devices company listed on the Swiss stock exchange, from April 2006 to September 2010. He previously served as Head of Human Resources at Hero Group, an international consumer foods company, and in various management positions at Hilti, a leading global construction supply company. 
 Shawn P. Vadala joined the Company in 1997 and has been Chief Financial Officer since January 2014 and also responsible for the Company s Pricing program since 2008. Mr. Vadala previously held various senior financial positions at the Company s Columbus, Ohio and Greifensee, Switzerland offices 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 and was also responsible for Business Intelligence from 2010 to 2018. Prior to joining the Company, he worked in the Boston and Zurich, Switzerland offices of PricewaterhouseCoopers. 
 Richard Wong has been Head of Asia/Pacific Market Organizations since 2009. Prior to joining the company in 2008, he held various regional management positions with Agilent Technologies from 1998 to 2008 including Life Sciences Field Operations for North Asia based in Beijing and later in Tokyo. He started his career with Hewlett Packard in 1991 and held positions of increasing responsibilities in Sales Marketing and Finance. 
 Certifications 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer provide certifications pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 in connection with our quarterly and annual financial statement filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The certifications relating to this annual report are attached as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2. 
 The remaining information called for by this item is incorporated by reference from the discussion in the sections Proposal One: Election of Directors, Board of Directors General Information, Board of Directors Operation, and Additional Information Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information appearing in the sections captioned Board of Directors General Information Director Compensation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation Committee Report, and Additional Information Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information appearing in the section Share Ownership in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference herein. Information appearing in Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans as of December 31, 2022 is included within Note 12 to the financial statements. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions None. 
 Director Independence The information in the section Board of Directors General Information Independence of the Board in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 Information appearing in the section Audit Committee Report in the 2023 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference. 

50 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Exhibits, Financial Statements, and Schedules: 
 1. Financial Statements. See Index to consolidated financial statements included on page F-1. 
 2. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID ). See page F-2. 
 3. Financial Statement Schedule. See Schedule II, which is included on page S-1. 
 4. List of Exhibits. See Exhibit Index included on page E-1. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (1) 
 3.2 
 Second Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company, effective as of November 3, 2022 (24) 
 4.3 
 Description of Capital Stock (2) 
 10.1 
 Credit Agreement among Mettler-Toledo International Inc., certain of its subsidiaries, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and certain other financial institutions, dated as of June 25, 2021 (3) 
 10.3 
 Note Purchase Supplement dated as of July 29, 2013 by and among Mettler-Toledo International Inc., Aviva Life and Annuity Company, and Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America to a Note Purchase Agreement dated October 10, 2012 by and among Mettler-Toledo International Inc., Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, C.M. Life Insurance Company, MassMutual Asia Limited, The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Lincoln Life Annuity Company of New York, and Aviva Life and Annuity Company Royal Neighbors of America (5) 
 10.4 
 Second Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement dated as of December 23, 2021 to the Note Purchase Agreement dated as of October 10, 2012, entered into by and among Mettler-Toledo International Inc, The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Lincoln Life Annuity Company of New York, Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, Massmutual Asia Limited, C.M. Life Insurance Company, Yf Life Insurance International Limited, Athene Annuity and Life Assurance Company, Royal Neighbors of America and Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America (12) 
 10.5 
 Note Purchase Agreement dated as of June 27, 2014 by and among Mettler-Toledo International Inc., Babson Capital Management LLC, Cigna Investments, Inc., and Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America (6) 
 10.6 
 First Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement dated as of June 27, 2014 by and among Mettler-Toledo International Inc., Babson Capital Management LLC, Cigna Investments, Inc., and Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America (20) 
 10.7 
 Second Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement dated as of December 23, 2021 to the Note Purchase Agreement dated as of June 27, 2014, entered into by and among Mettler-Toledo International Inc., Life Insurance Company of North America, New York Life Group Insurance Company of NY, Erie Family Life Insurance Company, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, Yf Life Insurance International Limited, Banner Life Insurance Company, Great-West Life Annuity Insurance Company, Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America, Connecticut General Life Insurance Company, and Healthspring Life Health Insurance Company, Inc. (12) 
 10.8 
 Note Purchase Agreement dated as of March 31, 2015 by and among Mettler-Toledo International Inc., Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, MetLife Insurance Company USA, OMI MLIC Investments Limited, and Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (7) 
 10.9 
 First Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement dated as of March 31, 2015 by and among Mettler-Toledo International Inc., Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, MetLife Insurance Company USA, OMI MLIC Investments Limited, and Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (20) 
 10.10 
 Second Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement dated as of December 23, 2021, to the Note Purchase Agreement dated as of March 31, 2015, entered into by and among Mettler-Toledo International Inc., Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, Brighthouse Life Insurance Company, Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, and Great-West Life Annuity Insurance Company of New York. (12) 
 10.11 
 Note Purchase Agreement dated as of April 18, 2019 by and among Mettler-Toledo International Inc., Connecticut General Life Insurance Company, Life Insurance Company of North America, Cigna Health and Life Insurance Company, MetLife Insurance K.K., Brighthouse Life Insurance Company, Brighthouse Reinsurance Company of Delaware, Transatlantic Reinsurance Company, and Pensionskasse des Bundes PUBLICA (8) 
 10.12 
 First Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement dated as of December 23, 2021 to the Note Purchase Agreement dated as of April 18, 2019, entered into by and among Mettler-Toledo International Inc., Metlife Insurance K.K., Brighthouse Life Insurance Company, Brighthouse Reinsurance Company of Delaware, Transatlantic Reinsurance Company, Pensionskasse Des Bundes Publica, Ensign Peak Advisors, Inc., Clifton Park Capital Management, LLC, Life Insurance Company of North America, and New York Life Group Insurance Company of NY (12) 
 10.13 
 Note Purchase Agreement dated as of November 6, 2019 by and among Mettler-Toledo International Inc., Metlife Insurance K.K., Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company, Pensionskasse des Bundes PUBLICA, The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Athene Annuity and Life Company, Athene Annuity Life Assurance Company, and The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company (9) 
 10.14 
 First Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement dated as of December 23, 2021 to the Note Purchase Agreement dated as of November 6, 2019, entered into by and among Mettler-Toledo International Inc., Metlife Insurance K.K., Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company, Pensionskasse Des Bundes Publica, The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Athene Annuity and Life Company, Athene Annuity Life Assurance Company, The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Swiss Re Life Health America Inc., Zurich American Insurance Company Master Retirement Trust, The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company for its Group Annuity Separate Account, Physicians Mutual Insurance Company, Prudential Term Reinsurance Company, The Gibraltar Life Insurance Co., Ltd., American General Life Insurance Company, and The United States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York (12) 
 10.15 
 Note Purchase Agreement dated as of December 16, 2020 by and among Mettler-Toledo International Inc., Pruco Life Insurance Company, The Prudential Insurance Company of America, American General Life Insurance Company, The United States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York, The Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company, Athene Annuity and Life Company, Jackson National Life Insurance Company, The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Lincoln Life Annuity Company of New York, MetLife Insurance K.K., Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, and The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company (10) 
 
 E-1 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 10.16 
 First Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement dated as of December 23, 2021 to the Note Purchase Agreement dated as of December 16, 2020, entered into by and among Mettler-Toledo International Inc., Pruco Life Insurance Company, The Prudential Insurance Company of America, American General Life Insurance Company, The United States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York, The Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company, Athene Annuity and Life Company, Jackson National Life Insurance Company, The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Lincoln Life Annuity Company of New York, Metlife Insurance K.K., Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, and The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company (12) 
 10.17 
 Note Purchase Agreement dated as of May 18, 2021 by and among Mettler-Toledo International Inc., Gibraltar Universal Life Reinsurance Company, Highmark Inc., Pruco Life Insurance Company, The Prudential Insurance Company of America, American General Life Insurance Company, The Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company, Athene Annuity Life Assurance Company, American Equity Investment Life Insurance Company, Athene Annuity and Life Company, Venerable Insurance and Annuity Company, The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Lincoln Life Annuity Company of New York, Zurich American Insurance Company, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, Metlife Insurance K.K., The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company for its Group Annuity Separate Account, Connecticut General Life Insurance Company, and Cigna Health and Life Insurance Company (11) 
 10.18 
 First Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement dated as of December 23, 2021 to the Note Purchase Agreement dated as of May 18, 2021, entered into by and among Mettler-Toledo International Inc., Gibraltar Universal Life Reinsurance Company, Highmark Inc., Pruco Life Insurance Company, The Prudential Insurance Company of America, American General Life Insurance Company, The Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company, Athene Annuity Life Assurance Company, American Equity Investment Life, Insurance Athene Annuity And Life Company, Venerable Insurance And Annuity Company, The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Lincoln Life Annuity Company of New York, Zurich American Insurance Company, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, Metlife Insurance K.K., The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company for its Group Annuity Separate Account, Connecticut General Life Insurance Company, and Cigna Health and Life Insurance Company (12) 
 10.19 
 Note Purchase Agreement dated as of December 23, 2021 by and among Mettler-Toledo International Inc., The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, MetLife Insurance K.K., Lockheed Martin Investment Management Company, Metropolitan Tower Life Insurance Company, The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, Gibraltar Universal Life Reinsurance Company, Prudential Legacy Insurance Company of New Jersey, Prudential Universal Reinsurance Company, The Prudential Insurance Company of America, PICA Hartford Life Insurance Comfort Trust, The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company for its Group Annuity Separate Account, American General Life Insurance Company, The Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company, Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, Great-West Life Annuity Insurance Company of New York, New York Life Insurance Company, New York Life Insurance and Annuity Company, New York Life Insurance and Annuity Corporation Institutionally Owned Life Insurance Separate Account, and Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America (12) 
 10.20 
 Note Purchase Agreement dated as of December 16, 2022 by and among Mettler-Toledo International Inc., Brighthouse Life Insurance Company, Missouri Reinsurance, Inc., Homesteaders Life Company, Employers Mutual Casualty Company, John Hancock Pension Plan, EMC National Life Company, The Northwestern Mutual Investment, The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company for its Group Annuity Separate Account, Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America, Independent Life Insurance Company, Aaraugische Pensionskasse, BCBSM, Inc. DBA Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Minnesota, The Prudential Gibraltar Financial Life Insurance Co., LTD, The Prudential Insurance Company of America, New York Life Insurance Company, New York Life Insurancce and Annuity Corporation, New York Life Insurance and Annuity Corporation Institutionally Owned Life Insurance, The Bank of New York Mellon (22) 
 10.21 
 Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 2007 Share Plan, effective February 7, 2008 (13) 
 10.22 
 Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, (Amended and Restated effective May 6, 2021) (14) 
 10.23 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (4) 
 10.24 
 Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement (23) 
 10.26 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement Directors (4) 
 10.27 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement CEO (4) 
 10.28 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement NEOs (4) 
 10.29 
 Non-Employee Director Share Award Agreement (2) 
 10.32 
 Regulations of the POBS PLUS Incentive System for Members of the Group Management of Mettler Toledo, effective as of November 2, 2022 
 10.50 
 Employment Agreement between Peter Aggersbjerg and Mettler-Toledo International Inc., dated as of November 8, 2019 (15) 
 10.51 
 Employment Agreement between Marc de La Gu ronni re and Mettler-Toledo International Inc., dated as of January 27, 2011 (16) 
 10.52 
 Employment Agreement between Olivier Filliol and Mettler-Toledo International Inc., dated as of November 1, 2007 (17) 
 10.53 
 Amended Employment Agreement between Olivier Filliol and Metter-Toledo International Inc., dated as of December 14, 2020 (18) 
 10.54 
 Employment Agreement between Patrick Kaltenbach and Mettler-Toledo International Inc., dated as of December 14, 2020 (19) 
 10.55 
 Employment Agreement between Christian Magloth and Mettler-Toledo International Inc., dated as of March 22, 2010 (16) 
 10.56 
 Employment Agreement between Gerhard Keller and Mettler-Toledo International Inc., dated as of April 27, 2018 (19) 
 10.57 
 Employment Agreement between Shawn P. Vadala and Mettler-Toledo International Inc., dated as of October 24, 2016 (4) 
 10.58 
 Form of Tax Equalization Agreement between Messrs. Filliol, Aggersbjerg, Keller, Magloth, Kaltenbach, and Mettler-Toledo International Inc., dated as of October 10, 2007 (14) 
 
 E-2 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 10.59 
 Employment Agreement between Richard Wong and Mettler-Toledo International Inc. dated as of July 8, 2008 
 21 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 
 23.1 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL Document) _____________________________________ 
 (1) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 10-K dated March 13, 1998 
 (2) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 10-K dated February 8, 2021 
 (3) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 8-K dated June 30, 2021 
 (4) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 10-K dated February 2, 2017 
 (5) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 8-K dated July 29, 2013 
 (6) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 8-K dated July 2, 2014 
 (7) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 8-K dated March 31, 2015 
 (8) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2019 
 (9) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 8-K dated November 6, 2019 
 (10) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 8-K dated December 16, 2020 
 (11) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 8-K dated May 20, 2021 
 (12) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 8-K dated December 29, 2021 
 (13) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 10-K dated February 15, 2008 
 (14) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 dated July 30, 2021 (Reg. No. 333-258294) 
 (15) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 10-K dated February 7, 2020 
 (16) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 10-K dated February 16, 2011 
 (17) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 8-K dated November 1, 2007 
 (18) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 8-K dated December 15, 2020 
 (19) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 10-Q dated July 27, 2018 
 (20) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 8-K dated April 24, 2015 
 (21) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Report on Form 8-K dated November 8, 2022 
 (22) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Report on Form 8-K dated December 23, 2022 
 (23) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 10-K dated February 11, 2022 
 Filed herewith 
 
 Management contract or compensatory arrangement 
 E-3 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 
 (Registrant) 
 Date: February 10, 2023 
 By: /s/Patrick Kaltenbach Patrick Kaltenbach 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant as of the date set out above and in the capacities indicated. 
 Signature Title /s/Patrick Kaltenbach President and Chief Executive Officer Patrick Kaltenbach /s/Shawn P. Vadala Chief Financial Officer Shawn P. Vadala /s/Wah-Hui Chu Director Wah-Hui Chu /s/Roland Diggelmann Director Roland Diggelmann /s/Domitille Doat-Le Bigot Director Domitille Doat-Le Bigot /s/Olivier A. Filliol Director Olivier A. Filliol /s/Elisha Finney Director Elisha Finney /s/Richard Francis Director Richard Francis /s/Michael A. Kelly Director Michael A. Kelly /s/Thomas P. Salice Director Thomas P. Salice /s/Robert F. Spoerry Director Robert F. Spoerry /s/Ingrid Zhang Director Ingrid Zhang 
 E-4 

METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F-4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F-5 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F-7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F-8 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

F-1 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Mettler-Toledo International Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of shareholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes, and schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 appearing on page S-1 (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Product Revenue Recognition 
 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, product revenue is recognized from contracts with customers when a customer has obtained control of a product. The Company considers control to have transferred based upon shipping terms. As described in Note 3, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s net sales were 3.9 billion, of which 3.1 billion relate to product revenue. 
 
 The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures relating to product revenue recognition is a critical audit matter is a high degree of auditor effort in performing procedures related to product revenue recognition. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the product revenue recognition process. These procedures also included, among others, testing the appropriateness of product revenue recognized for a sample of product revenue transactions by obtaining and inspecting evidence of arrangement, evidence of products delivered, and, where applicable, consideration received in exchange for those products. 

/s/ 

February 10, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2005. 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 For the years ended December 31 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Products Service Total net sales Cost of sales Products Service Gross profit Research and development Selling, general, and administrative Amortization Interest expense Restructuring charges Other income, net ) ) ) Earnings before taxes Provision for taxes Net earnings Basic earnings per common share: Net earnings Weighted average number of common shares Diluted earnings per common share: Net earnings Weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 For the years ended December 31 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 2022 2021 2020 Net earnings Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedging arrangements: Unrealized gains (losses) ) Effective portion of (gains) losses included in net earnings ) ) Defined benefit pension and post-retirement plans: Net actuarial gains (losses) ) Plan amendments and prior service cost ) ) Amortization of actuarial losses (gains), plan amendments, 
 and prior service cost 
 Impact of foreign currency ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 As of December 31 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Trade accounts receivable, less allowances of 22,427 in 2022 and 22,176 in 2021 Inventories Other current assets and prepaid expenses Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets, net Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Trade accounts payable Accrued and other liabilities Accrued compensation and related items Deferred revenue and customer prepayments Taxes payable Short-term borrowings and current maturities of long-term debt Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred tax liabilities, net Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) Shareholders equity: Preferred stock, 0.01 par value per share; authorized 10,000,000 shares Common stock, 0.01 par value per share; authorized 125,000,000 shares; issued 44,786,011 and 44,786,011 shares, outstanding 22,139,009 and 22,843,103 shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock at cost (22,647,002 and 21,942,908 shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 For the years ended December 31 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Exercise of stock options and restricted stock units ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Share-based compensation 
 Net earnings Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Exercise of stock options and restricted stock units ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Share-based compensation 
 Net earnings Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Exercise of stock options and restricted stock units ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Share-based compensation 
 Net earnings Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the years ended December 31 
 (In thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization Deferred tax provision (benefit) ) Share-based compensation Increase in acquisition contingent consideration Other ) Increase (decrease) in cash resulting from changes in: Trade accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Other current assets ) ) ) Trade accounts payable ) ) Taxes payable Accruals and other ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from sale of property, plant, and equipment Purchase of property, plant, and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from government grant Acquisitions ) ) ) Other investing activities ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from borrowings Repayments of borrowings ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Acquisition contingent consideration paid ) Other financing activities ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents: Beginning of period End of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid during the year for: Interest Taxes 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

 1. 

2. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

years. Fully depreciated assets other than capitalized internally developed software are retained in property, plant, and equipment and accumulated depreciation accounts until disposal. 
 Depreciation and amortization are charged on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows: 
 million of funding in 2022 and will receive million in 2023, which offset capital expenditures. During the period ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred approximately million of capital expenditures relating to this funding agreement. In accordance with ASU 2021-10: Government Assistance, the Company applies guidance within IAS 20 - Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure and accounts for the government agreement by reducing the cost of the asset within property, plant, and equipment in the consolidated balance sheets by the amount of the funds received. 
 b) 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

F-11 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

F-12 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

, , and common equivalent shares in the calculation of diluted weighted average number of common shares for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, relating to outstanding stock options and restricted stock units. 
 Outstanding options and restricted stock units to purchase or receive , , and shares of common stock for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, have been excluded from the calculation of diluted weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares as such options and restricted stock units would be anti-dilutive. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

F-14 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

3. 
 
 Service Revenue: Point in time 
 Over time 
 Total 
 Twelve months ended December 31, 2021 U.S. Operations Swiss Operations Western European Operations Chinese Operations Other Operations Total Product Revenue Service Revenue: Point in time 
 Over time 
 Total 
 Twelve months ended December 31, 2020 U.S. Operations Swiss Operations Western European Operations Chinese Operations Other Operations Total Product Revenue Service Revenue: Point in time 
 Over time 
 Total 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

of sales), industrial of sales), and retail of sales). The Company s product revenue by reportable segment is proportionately similar to the Company s global mix with the exception of the Company s Swiss Operations, which is largely comprised of laboratory products, and the Company s Chinese Operations, which has a slightly higher percentage of industrial products. A breakdown of the Company s sales by product category for the year ended December 31 follows: 
 2022 2021 2020 Laboratory Industrial Retail Total net sales 
 A breakdown of net sales to external customers by geographic customer destination, net for the year ended December 31 follows: 
 2022 2021 2020 Americas Europe Asia/Rest of World Total 
 The payment terms in the Company s contracts with customers do not exceed one year and therefore contracts do not contain a significant financing component. In most cases, after appropriate credit evaluations, payments are due in arrears and are recognized as receivables. Unbilled revenue is recorded when performance obligations have been satisfied, but not yet billed to the customer. Unbilled revenue as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively, and is included within accounts receivable. Deferred revenue and customer prepayments are recorded when cash payments are received or due in advance of the performance obligation being satisfied. Deferred revenue primarily includes prepaid service contracts, as well as deferred installation. 
 Changes in the components of deferred revenue and customer prepayments during the period are as follows: 
 Customer prepayments/deferred revenue Revenue recognized ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Ending balance as of December 31 
 The Company generally expenses sales commissions when incurred because the contract period is one year or less. These costs are recorded within selling, general, and administrative expenses. The value of unsatisfied performance obligations other than customer prepayments and deferred revenue associated with contracts greater than one year is immaterial. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

4. 
 million and the Company made other post-closing payments of million. The Company may be required to pay additional consideration of up to million, which is based upon financial thresholds in 2022 and 2023. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration obligation at the time of acquisition of million was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation based on the Company's forecast of future financial results. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company increased the contingent consideration obligation to million, based upon actual results and future financial projections, plus related obligations of million due to the sellers. The million increase to the contingent consideration and related obligations to the sellers was recorded in other charges (income), net. As of December 31, 2022, the 10.0 million of additional consideration has been paid and the Company expects to pay an additional 10.0 million in 2023. 
 Goodwill recorded in connection with the acquisition totaled million, which is deductible for tax purposes. Identified intangible finite-lived assets acquired include customer relationships of million, technology and patents of million, trade name of million, and other intangibles of million. The Company used variations of the income statement approach in determining the fair value of the intangible assets acquired. Specifically, the multi-period excess earnings method was used to determine the fair value of the customer relationships acquired and the relief from royalty method was used to determine the fair value of the technology and patents. The Company's determination of the fair value of the intangible assets acquired involved the use of significant estimates and assumptions principally related to revenue growth, royalty, and customer attrition rates. 
 The identifiable finite-lived intangible assets will be amortized on a straight-line basis over periods of to years and the annual aggregate amortization expense is estimated at million. Net tangible assets acquired were million and were recorded at fair value in the consolidated financial statements. All of the acquired assets are included in the Company's U.S. Operations segment. 
 In October 2021, the Company acquired Scale-up Systems Inc., a leading software provider for scale-up and reaction modeling serving the biopharma and chemical markets. The initial cash payment was million and the Company may be required to pay additional amounts up to EUR million. As of December 31, 2022 the Company has paid EUR 0.6 million and expects to pay an additional EUR 1.3 million in 2023. Goodwill recorded in connection with the acquisition totaled million, which is deductible for tax purposes. The Company also recorded million of identifiable finite-lived intangibles primarily pertaining to technology and patents and customer relationships in connection with this acquisition, which will be amortized on a straight-line basis over to years. All of the acquired assets are included in the Company's Western European Operations segment. 
 In 2022, the Company incurred additional acquisition payments totaling million. The Company recorded million of identified intangibles primarily pertaining to customer relationships in connection with these acquisitions, which will be amortized on a straight-line basis over 2 to 15 years. Goodwill recorded in connection with these acquisitions totaled million. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

5. 
 Work-in-progress Finished goods Total inventory 
 
 6. 
 million of borrowings under the Company's credit facility into synthetic Swiss franc debt, which allows the Company to effectively change the floating rate LIBOR-based interest payments, excluding the credit spread, to a fixed Swiss franc income of . The swap matures in November 2023. 
 In June 2021, the Company entered into a cross currency swap arrangement designated as a cash flow hedge. The agreement converts million of borrowings under the Company's credit facility into synthetic Swiss franc debt, which allows the Company to effectively change the floating rate LIBOR-based interest payments, excluding the credit spread, to a fixed Swiss franc income of . The swap matures in June 2025. This cross currency swap replaced a similar million swap entered into in June 2019 which matured in June 2021, which converted floating rate LIBOR to a fixed Swiss franc income of . 
 In June 2021, the Company entered into a cross currency swap arrangement designated as a cash flow hedge. The agreement converts million of borrowings under the Company's credit facility into synthetic Swiss franc debt, which allows the Company to effectively change the floating rate LIBOR-based interest payments, excluding the credit spread, to a fixed Swiss franc income of . The swap matures in June 2024. This cross currency swap replaced a similar million swap entered into in February 2019 and matured in June 2021, which converted floating rate LIBOR to a fixed Swiss franc income of . 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

million of borrowings under the Company's credit facility into synthetic Swiss franc debt, which allows the Company to effectively change the floating rate LIBOR-based interest payment, excluding the credit spread, to a fixed Swiss franc income of . The swap matures in June 2023. 
 In 2015, the Company entered into a forward-starting interest rate swap agreement. The agreement changes the floating rate LIBOR-based interest payments associated with million in borrowings under the Company s credit agreement to a fixed obligation of , which began in February 2017 and matured in February 2022. 
 The Company s cash flow hedges are recorded gross at fair value in the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and are disclosed in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. A derivative gain of million based upon interest rates at December 31, 2022 is expected to be reclassified from other comprehensive income (loss) to earnings in the next 12 months. Through December 31, 2022, no hedge ineffectiveness has occurred in relation to these cash flow hedges. 
 Other Derivatives 
 The Company primarily enters into foreign currency forward contracts in order to economically hedge short-term intercompany balances largely denominated in Swiss franc, other major European currencies, and the Chinese renminbi with its foreign businesses. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, these contracts are considered derivatives not designated as hedging instruments. Gains or losses on these instruments are reported in current earnings. The foreign currency forward contracts are recorded at fair value in the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and 2021, as disclosed in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. The Company recognized in other charges (income), net loss of million and a net gain of million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, which offset the related net transaction gains (losses) associated with these contracts. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, these contracts had a notional value of million and billion, respectively. 
 The Company may be exposed to credit losses in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to its derivative financial instrument contracts. Counterparties are established banks and financial institutions with high credit ratings. The Company believes that such counterparties will be able to fully satisfy their obligations under these contracts. 

7. 
 million and million, respectively, and derivative liabilities totaling million and million, respectively. The Company has limited involvement with derivative financial instruments and therefore does not present all the required disclosures in tabular format. The fair values of the interest rate swap agreements, the cross currency swap agreements, and the foreign currency forward contracts that economically hedge short-term intercompany balances are estimated based upon inputs from current valuation information obtained from dealer quotes and priced with observable market assumptions and appropriate valuation adjustments for credit risk. The Company has evaluated the valuation methodologies used to develop the fair values by dealers in order to determine whether such valuations are representative of an exit price in the Company s principal market. In addition, the Company uses an internally developed model to perform testing on the valuations received from brokers. The Company has also considered both its own credit risk 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

Other current assets and prepaid expenses Cash flow hedges: Cross currency swap agreement Other current assets and prepaid expenses Cross currency swap agreement Other non-current assets Total derivative assets Foreign currency forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments Accrued and other liabilities Cash flow hedges: Interest rate swap agreements Accrued and other liabilities Cross currency swap agreements Accrued and other liabilities Cross currency swap agreements Other non-current liabilities Total derivative liabilities 
 The Company had million and million of cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the fair value of which is determined using Level 2 inputs through quoted and corroborated prices in active markets. The fair value of cash equivalents approximates cost. 
 The fair value of the Company s debt is less than the carrying value by approximately million as of December 31, 2022. The fair value of the Company s fixed interest rate debt was estimated using Level 2 inputs and primarily discounted cash flow models, based on estimated current rates offered for similar debt under current market conditions for the Company. 
 During the period ended December 31, 2022, 10.0 million of contingent consideration was paid relating to the PendoTECH acquisition of which 7.9 million is included in financing activities for the amount accrued at the acquisition date and 2.1 million is included in operating activities for the amount not accrued at the acquisition date on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows in accordance with U.S. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

GAAP. The estimated fair value of the remaining contingent consideration obligation of 10.0 million as of December 31, 2022 is based upon actual results and future financial projections. The fair value measurements are based on significant inputs not observable in the market and thus represent a Level 3 measurement. 

8. 
 Building and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Computer software Property, plant, and equipment, gross Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant, and equipment, net 

9. 
 Goodwill acquired Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance at year end 
 Goodwill and indefinite-lived assets are reviewed for impairment on an annual basis in the fourth quarter. The Company completed its impairment review and determined that there had been no impairment of these assets through December 31, 2022. The Company identified no triggering events or other circumstances which indicated the carrying amount of goodwill or intangible assets may not be recoverable. 
 The components of other intangible assets as of December 31 are as follows: 
 ) ) Proven technology and patents ) ) Tradenames (finite life) ) ) Tradenames (indefinite life) Other ) ) ) ) 
 The Company recognized amortization expense associated with the above intangible assets of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

million for 2023, million for 2024, million for 2025, million for 2026, and million for 2027. The finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over periods ranging from to years. The straight-line method of amortization reflects an appropriate allocation of the cost of the intangible assets to earnings in proportion to the amount of economic benefits obtained by the Company in each reporting period. Purchased intangibles amortization was million, million after tax, million, million after tax, and million, million after tax, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 In addition to the above amortization, the Company recorded amortization expense associated with capitalized software, which is included in property, plant, and equipment in Note 8, of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

10 
 4.10 50 million 10-year Senior Notes due September 19, 2023 3.84 125 million 10-year Senior Notes due September 19, 2024 4.24 125 million 10-year Senior Notes due June 25, 2025 3.91 75 million 10-year Senior Notes due June 25, 2029 2.83 125 million 12-year Senior Notes due July 22, 2033 3.19 50 million 15-year Senior Notes due January 24, 2035 2.81 150 million 15-year Senior Notes due March 17, 2037 150,000 2.91 150 million 15-year Senior Notes due September 1, 2037 150,000 1.47 EUR 125 million 15-year Senior Notes due June 17, 2030 1.30 EUR 135 million 15-year Senior Notes due November 6, 2034 1.06 EUR 125 million 15-year Senior Notes due March 19, 2036 141,789 Senior Notes debt issuance costs, net ) ) Total Senior Notes 1.25 billion Credit Agreement, interest at LIBOR plus 87.5 basis points (1) 
 Other local arrangements Total debt Less: current portion ) ) Total long-term debt 
 (1) See Note 6 and Note 7 for additional disclosures on the financial instruments associated with the Credit Agreement. 
 At December 31, 2022, the interest payments associated with of the Company s debt are fixed obligations. The Company s weighted average interest rate was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Senior Notes 
 The Senior Notes listed above are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and interest is payable semi-annually. The Company may at any time prepay the Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at a 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

The Senior Notes also contain customary events of default with customary grace periods, as applicable. 
 Total issuance costs of approximately million have been incurred by the Company related to the Senior Notes mentioned above and are being amortized to interest expense over the various terms. 
 In December 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to issue and sell 150 million 10-year Senior Notes in a private placement. The Company will issue 150 million with a fixed interest rate of 5.45 (5.45 Senior Notes) in March 2023. The 5.45 Senior Notes will be senior unsecured obligations of the Company. The 5.45 Senior Notes mature on March 1, 2033. The terms of the 5.45 Senior Notes are consistent with the previous Senior Notes as described above. The Company will use the proceeds from the sale of the 5.45 Senior Notes to refinance existing indebtedness and for other general corporate purposes. 
 In December 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to issue and sell 300 million 15-year Senior Notes in a private placement. The Company issued million with a fixed interest rate of Senior Notes) in March 2022 and million with a fixed interest rate of Senior Notes) in September 2022. The 2.81 and 2.91 Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company. The Senior Notes mature in March 2037, and the Senior Notes mature in September 2037. Interest on the and Senior Notes is payable semi-annually in March and September each year. Interest payments on the Senior Notes began in September 2022 and interest payments on the will begin in March 2023. The terms of the 2.81 and 2.91 Senior Notes are consistent with the previous Senior Notes as described above. The Company used the proceeds from the sale of the 2.81 and 2.91 Senior Notes to refinance existing indebtedness and for other general corporate purposes. 
 In May 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to issue and sell million 12-year Senior Notes with a fixed interest rate of . The Senior Notes were issued in July 2021 and will mature in July 2033. The terms of the Senior Notes are consistent with the previous Senior Notes as described above. The Company used the proceeds from the sale of the notes to refinance existing indebtedness and for other general corporate purposes. 
 In December 2020, the Company entered into an agreement to issue and sell EUR million 15-year Euro Senior Notes Euro Senior Notes). The terms of the Euro Senior Notes are consistent with the previous Euro Senior Notes as described above. The Company also entered into a forward contract to receive million at the time of issuing the Euro Senior Notes in March 2021. The proceeds were used to repay outstanding amounts on the Company s credit facility and fund operational expenses. The Euro Senior Notes were designated as a hedge of a portion of the Company s net investment in a euro-denominated foreign subsidiary to reduce foreign currency risk associated with this net investment. 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

million Euro Senior Notes, the EUR million Euro Senior Notes, and the EUR million Euro Senior Notes as a hedge of a portion of its net investment in a euro-denominated foreign subsidiary to reduce foreign currency risk associated with this net investment. Changes in the carrying value of this debt resulting from fluctuations in the euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate are recorded as foreign currency translation adjustments within other comprehensive income (loss). The Company recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) related to this net investment hedge an unrealized gain of million and million, and an unrealized loss of million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The Company has an unrealized gain of million recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as of December 31, 2022. 
 Credit Agreement 
 On June 25, 2021, the Company entered into a billion Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement), which amended its billion Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Prior Credit Agreement). As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of additional borrowings available under its Credit Agreement. 
 The Credit Agreement is provided by a group of financial institutions (similar to the Company's Prior Credit Agreement) and has a maturity date of June 25, 2026. It is a revolving credit facility and is not subject to any scheduled principal payments prior to maturity. The obligations under the Credit Agreement are unsecured. 
 Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at current market rates plus a margin based on the Company s consolidated leverage ratio. The Company must also pay facility fees that are tied to its leverage ratio. The Credit Agreement contains covenants that are similar to those contained in the Prior Credit Agreement, with which the Company was in compliance as of December 31, 2022. The Company is required to maintain (i) a ratio of net funded indebtedness to EBITDA of 3.5 to 1.0 or less except in certain circumstances and (ii) an interest coverage ratio of 3.0 to 1.0 or greater. The Credit Agreement also places certain limitations on the Company, including limiting the ability to incur liens or indebtedness at a subsidiary level. In addition, the Credit Agreement has several events of default, with customary grace periods as applicable. The Company capitalized 2.0 million in financing fees during 2021 associated with the Credit Agreement, which will be amortized to interest expense through 2026. 
 Other Local Arrangements 
 In April 2018, two of the Company s non-U.S. pension plans issued loans totaling million (Swiss franc million) to a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The loans have the same terms and conditions, which include an interest rate of SARON plus basis points. The loans were renewed for one year in April 2022. 

11. 
 shares with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to vote per share. At December 31, 2022, shares of the Company s common stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to the Company s stock option plans. 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share in one or more series and to determine and fix the rights, preferences, and privileges of each series, including dividend rights and preferences over dividends on the common stock and one or more series of the preferred stock, conversion rights, voting rights (in addition to those provided by law), redemption rights, and the terms of any sinking fund therefore, and rights upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up, including preferences over the common stock and one or more series of the preferred stock. The issuance of shares of preferred stock, or the issuance of rights to purchase such shares, may have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of the Company or an unsolicited acquisition proposal. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 In November 2022, the Company s Board of Directors authorized an additional billion to the share repurchase program, which had billion of remaining availability as of December 31, 2022. The share repurchases are expected to be funded from cash generated from operating activities, borrowings, and cash balances. Repurchases will be made through open market transactions, and the amount and timing of purchases will depend on business and market conditions, the stock price, trading restrictions, the level of acquisition activity, and other factors. 
 The Company has purchased million of common shares since the inception of the program in 2004 through December 31, 2022, at a total cost of billion. The Company spent billion, 1.0 billion and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively on the repurchase of shares, shares, and shares at an average price per share of , , and , respectively. The Company reissued shares, shares, and shares held in treasury for the exercise of stock options and restricted stock units during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Net unrealized actuarial gains (loss), prior service cost, and plan amendments ) ) Net unrealized gains (loss) on cash flow hedging arrangements 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 ) Amounts recognized from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 Net change in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Net unrealized actuarial gains (loss), prior service cost, and plan amendments Net unrealized gains (loss) on cash flow hedging arrangements Foreign currency translation adjustment Amounts recognized from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Net change in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Net unrealized actuarial gains (loss), prior service cost, and plan amendments Net unrealized gains (loss) on cash flow hedging arrangements 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 ) ) Amounts recognized from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 ) Net change in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

Interest expense Cross currency swap 
 ) ) (a) Total before taxes ) ) Provision for taxes ) ) Provision for taxes Total, net of taxes ) ) Recognition of defined benefit pension and post-retirement items: 
 Recognition of actuarial losses, plan amendments, prior service cost, and settlement charge before taxes 
 (b) Provision for taxes Provision for taxes Total, net of taxes 
 (a) The cross currency swap reflects an unrealized gain of million and million and an unrealized loss of million recorded in other charges (income) during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, that was offset by the underlying unrealized gain or loss on the hedged debt. The cross currency swap also reflects a realized gain of million, million, and million recorded in interest expense during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 (b) These accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) components are included in the computation of net periodic pension and post-retirement cost. See Note 13 for additional details. 

12. 
 million shares of common stock, plus any shares that remained available for grant under the Company s prior equity incentive plan as well as options outstanding that terminate without being exercised, may be the subject of awards. The plan provides for the grant of options, restricted stock units, and other equity-based awards. The exercise price of options granted shall not be less than the fair market value of the common stock on the date of the award. Options primarily vest equally over a five-year period from the date of grant and have a maximum term of up to 10 years. Restricted units primarily vest equally over a five-year period from the date of grant. Performance share units generally vest after a three-year period from the date of the grant based upon satisfaction of the performance condition. The compensation committee of the Board of Directors has generally granted restricted share units to participating managers and non-qualified stock options and performance share units to executive officers. 
 On May 6, 2021, the Company's shareholders approved the adoption of the Company's 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated), with the effect that approximately 0.9 million additional shares of common stock were added to the 2.1 million shares that remained available under the plan prior to its amendment. In addition, shares subject to options granted under the Company's prior equity incentive plan that terminate or are forfeited without being exercised are also available for awards under the amended plan. The amended plan expires in 2031. 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 The following table details the weighted average remaining contractual life of options outstanding at December 31, 2022 by range of exercise prices: 
 
 As of the date granted, the weighted average grant-date fair value of the options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and , respectively. 
 Such weighted average grant-date fair value was determined using the following assumptions: 
 Expected life in years Expected volatility Expected dividend yield 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was approximately million, million, and million, respectively. 
 The compensation expense for options recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million, and million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

Granted Adjustment for performance results achieved (1) 
 Vested ) ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 (1) 2018 performance share units vested in the first quarter 2022. 
 The weighted average grant-date fair value of the restricted stock units granted during the years ended 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and per unit, respectively, which primarily vest ratably over a five-year period. The total fair value of the restricted stock units on the date of grant was million for 2022, million for 2021, and million for 2020 and will be recorded as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. The total fair value of restricted stock units vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was approximately million, million, and million, respectively. Approximately million, million, and million of compensation expense was recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company granted performance share units with a market condition during 2022, 2021, and 2020. Grantees of performance share units will be eligible to receive shares of the Company s common stock depending upon the Company s total shareholder return relative to the performance of companies in the S P 500 Health Care and S P 500 Industrials over a three-year period. The awards actually earned will range from zero to 200 of the targeted number of performance share units for the three-year performance period and will be paid, to the extent earned, in the fiscal quarter following the end of the applicable three-year performance period. During 2022, the market conditions for the 2019 performance share units were met and will vest in the first quarter 2023 with a payout of . Performance share unit awards were valued using a Monte Carlo simulation based on the following assumptions: 
 Expected life in years Expected volatility Expected dividend yield 
 As of the date granted, the fair value of the performance share units granted was for 2022, for 2021, and for 2020. The total fair value of the performance share units on the date of the grant was million, 4.0 million and 3.6 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and will be recorded as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the three-year performance period. 
 The compensation expense for performance share units recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

shares of common stock were available for grant in the form of stock options, restricted stock units, or performance share units. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the unrecorded deferred share-based compensation balance related to stock options, restricted stock units, and performance share units was million and will be recognized using a straight-line method over an estimated weighted average amortization period of years. 

13. 
 million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Certain subsidiaries sponsor defined benefit plans. Benefits are provided to employees primarily based upon years of service and employees compensation for certain periods during the last years of employment. Prior to 2002, the Company s U.S. operations also provided post-retirement medical benefits to their employees. Contributions for medical benefits are related to employee years of service. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

Service cost, gross Interest cost Actuarial losses (gains) ) ) ) ) ) Plan amendments and other ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Impact of foreign currency ) ) ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year 
 Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 
 Actual return on plan assets ) ) ) Employer contributions Plan participants contributions 
 Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Impact of foreign currency ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year 
 Funded status ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

million and million, respectively, for the U.S. defined benefit pension plan and million and million, respectively, for all non-U.S. plans. Certain of the plans included within non-U.S. pension benefits have accumulated benefit obligations which exceed the fair value of plan assets. The projected benefit obligation, the accumulated benefit obligation, and fair value of assets of these plans as of December 31, 2022 were million, million, and million, respectively. The projected benefit obligation, the accumulated benefit obligation, and fair value of assets of these plans as of December 31, 2021 were million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets consist of: 
 Accrued and other liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Pension and other post-retirement liabilities 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income) 
 ) ) Total ) ) 
 The following amounts have been recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), before taxes, at December 31, 2022 and have not yet been recognized as a component of net periodic pension cost: ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Actuarial losses (gains) ) ) Total ) ) 
 The following changes in plan assets and benefit obligations were recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), before taxes, for the year ended December 31, 2022:) ) ) ) Plan amendment Amortization of: Actuarial (losses) gains ) ) ) ) Plan amendments and prior service cost Impact of foreign currency ) ) ) Total ) ) ) ) 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

Compensation increase rate n/a n/a Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets Interest crediting rate n/a n/a 
 The assumed discount rates, rates of increase in future compensation levels, and the long-term rate of return used in calculating the net periodic pension cost vary according to the economic conditions of the country in which the retirement plans are situated. The weighted average rates used for the purposes of the Company s plans are as follows: Compensation increase rate n/a n/a n/a Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
 Interest cost on projected benefit obligations 
 Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recognition of actuarial losses/(gains) and prior service cost ) ) ) Net periodic pension cost/(benefit) ) ) ) 
 The projected post-retirement benefit obligation was principally determined using discount rates of in 2022 and in 2021. Net periodic post-retirement benefit cost was principally determined using discount rates of in 2022, in 2021, and in 2020. The health care cost trend rate was in 2022, in 2021, and in 2020, decreasing to in 2029. 
 The Company s overall asset investment strategy is to achieve long-term growth while minimizing volatility by widely diversifying among asset types and strategies. Target asset allocations and investment return criteria are established by the pension committee or designated officers of each plan. Actual results are monitored against targets and the trustees are required to report to the members of each plan, including an analysis of investment performance on an annual basis at a minimum. Day-to-day asset management is typically performed by third-party asset managers, reporting to the pension committees or designated officers. 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

Equity Securities: Mettler-Toledo Stock Equity Mutual Funds: U.S. (1) 
 International (2) 
 Emerging Markets (3) 
 Fixed Income Securities: Corporate/Government Bonds (4) 
 Fixed Income Mutual Funds: Insurance Contracts (5) 
 Core Bond (6) 
 Real Asset Mutual Funds: Real Estate (7) 
 Commodities (8) 
 Other Types of Investments: Debt Securities (9) 
 Global Allocation Funds (10) 
 Multi-Strategy Fund of Hedge Funds (11) 
 Insurance Linked Securities (12) 
 Total assets in fair value hierarchy 
 Investments measured at net asset value: 
 International (13) 
 Emerging Markets (13) 
 Multi-Strategy Fund of Hedge Funds (13) 
 Total pension assets at fair value 
 
 _____________________________________ 
 (1) Represents primarily large capitalization equity mutual funds tracking the S P 500 Index. 
 (2) Represents all capitalization core and value equity mutual funds located primarily in Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and Canada. 
 (3) Represents core and growth mutual funds and funds of mutual funds invested in emerging markets primarily in Eastern Europe, Latin America, and Asia. 
 (4) Represents investments in high-grade corporate and government bonds located in Switzerland and the European Union. 
 (5) Represents fixed and variable rate annuity contracts provided by insurance companies. 
 (6) Represents fixed income mutual funds invested in the U.S., the United Kingdom, Switzerland, and European government bonds, high-grade corporate bonds, mortgage-backed securities, and collateralized mortgage obligations. 
 (7) Represents mutual funds invested in real estate located primarily in Switzerland. 
 (8) Represents commodity funds invested across a broad range of sectors. 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

Actual return on plan assets related to assets held at end of year Purchases Impact of foreign currency ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Actual return on plan assets related to assets held at end of year ) Purchases Impact of foreign currency ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 There were no transfers between any asset levels during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The following benefit payments, which reflect expected future service as appropriate, are expected to be paid: 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 In 2023, the Company expects to make employer pension contributions of approximately million to its non-U.S. pension plan and employer contributions of approximately million to its U.S. post-retirement medical plan. 

14. 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

Non-United States Earnings before taxes 
 
 The provision for taxes consists of: 
 United States state and local Non-United States Total Year ended December 31, 2021: United States federal ) United States state and local ) Non-United States Total Year ended December 31, 2020: United States federal ) ) United States state and local ) Non-United States ) Total ) 

F-36 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 to earnings before taxes as a result of the following: 
 United States state and local income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit Non-United States income taxes at other than U.S. federal rate ) Excess tax benefits from stock option exercises ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Total provision for taxes 
 The Company s reported effective tax rate was in 2022, in 2021, and in 2020. 
 The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are presented below at December 31: 
 Lease liability, accrued and other liabilities Accrued post-retirement benefit and pension costs Net operating loss and other tax carryforwards Swiss tax reform intangible assets Other Total deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets less valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Inventory Lease right-of-use assets and other assets Property, plant, and equipment Acquired intangibles amortization Prepaid post-retirement benefit and pension costs International earnings Unrealized currency gains Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax (liability) asset ) ) 
 The Company continues to record valuation allowances related to certain of its deferred income tax assets due to the uncertainty of the ultimate realization of future benefits from such assets. The potential decrease or increase of the valuation allowance in the near term is dependent on the future ability of the Company to realize the deferred tax assets that are affected by the future profitability of operations in the respective/relevant jurisdictions. 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

Increases related to current tax positions Decreases related to prior year tax positions ) ) Impact of foreign currency ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits at end of year 
 Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively, of tax benefits that if recognized would reduce the Company s effective tax rate. Increases and decreases related to current and prior year tax positions during 2022 and 2021 primarily related to non-United States income taxes. The Company recognizes accrued amounts of interest and penalties related to its uncertain tax positions as part of its income tax expense within its consolidated statement of operations. The amount of accrued interest and penalties included within other non-current liabilities within the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 The Company believes that it is reasonably possible that the unrecognized tax benefit balance could change over the next 12 months, primarily related to potential disputes raised by the taxing authorities over income and expense recognition. The Company does not expect a change would have a material impact on its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 The Company plans to repatriate earnings from China, Switzerland, Germany, the United Kingdom, and certain other countries in future years and believes that there will be no additional tax costs associated with the repatriation of such foreign earnings other than non-U.S. withholding taxes, certain state taxes, and U.S. taxes on currency gains, if any, for which a deferred tax liability has been recognized. All other undistributed earnings and any additional outside basis difference inherent in these entities and the contributed capital of our foreign subsidiaries are considered to be permanently reinvested on which no U.S. deferred income taxes or foreign withholding taxes have been provided. It is not practicable to estimate the amount of deferred tax liability related to these undistributed earnings and additional outside basis differences in these entities due to the complexity of the calculation and the uncertainty regarding assumptions necessary to compute the tax. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the major jurisdictions for which the Company is subject to examinations are: Germany for years after 2015; the United States after 2018; France after 2019; Switzerland after 2019; the United Kingdom after 2020; and China after 2018. Additionally, the Company is currently under examination in various taxing jurisdictions in which it conducts business operations. While the Company has not yet received any material assessments from these taxing authorities, the Company believes that adequate amounts of taxes and related interest and penalties have been provided for any adverse adjustments as a result of these examinations and that the ultimate outcome of these examinations will not result in a material impact on the Company s consolidated results of operations or financial position. 
 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

15. 
 million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Other charges (income), net includes non-service pension costs (benefits), net (gains) losses from foreign currency transactions and hedging activities, interest income, and other items. Non-service pension benefits were million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Other charges (income), net also includes 0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 of acquisition costs. For the year ended December 31, 2021 million of acquisition costs, as well as a million charge to increase the PendoTECH acquisition contingent consideration and related obligations to the sellers were included in other charges (income), net. 

16. 
 Other non-current assets Current lease liability Accrued and other liabilities Non-current lease liability Other non-current liabilities Total operating lease liability 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not entered into any material real estate operating leases expected to commence in 2023. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company had the following recorded in selling, general, and administrative associated with leasing arrangements: 
 Variable lease expense Short-term lease expense Total lease expense Weighted average remaining lease term years years years Weighted average discount rate 
 Accruals and other on the consolidated statement of cash flows includes the amortization of the lease right-of-use asset of million, million, and million, offset by a change in the lease liability of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Lease payments within operating activities were million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The Company also obtained non-cash lease right-of-use assets in exchange for lease liabilities of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total operating lease liability 

17. 

18. 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

) Swiss Operations ) Western European Operations ) Chinese Operations ) Other (a) 
 ) Eliminations and Corporate (b) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Total ) For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Net Sales to External Customers Net Sales to Other Segments Total Net Sales Segment Profit Depreciation Total Assets Purchase of Property, Plant, and Equipment Goodwill U.S. Operations ) Swiss Operations ) Western European Operations ) Chinese Operations ) Other (a) 
 ) Eliminations and Corporate (b) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Total ) 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 Net Sales to External Customers Net Sales to Other Segments Total Net Sales Segment Profit Depreciation Total Assets Purchase of Property, Plant, and Equipment Goodwill U.S. Operations ) Swiss Operations ) Western European Operations ) Chinese Operations ) Other (a) 
 ) Eliminations and Corporate (b) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Total ) 
 (a) Other includes reporting units in Southeast Asia, Latin America, Eastern Europe, and other countries. 
 (b) Eliminations and Corporate includes the elimination of intersegment transactions as well as certain corporate expenses and intercompany investments, which are not included in the Company s operating segments. 
 A reconciliation of earnings before taxes to segment profit follows: 
 2022 2021 2020 Earnings before taxes Amortization Interest expense Restructuring charges Other income, net ) ) ) Segment profit 
 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 
 METTLER-TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except share data, unless otherwise stated) 

of net sales. Service revenues are primarily derived from repair and other services including regulatory compliance qualification, calibration, certification, and preventative maintenance, and spare parts. A breakdown of the Company s sales by product category is disclosed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 n certain circumstances, our reporting units sell directly into other geographies. A br 
 Other Americas Total Americas Germany France United Kingdom Switzerland Other Europe Total Europe China Rest of World Total Asia/Rest of World Total 
 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 

 Year ended December 31, 2021 Year ended December 31, 2020 
 _______________________________________ 
 Note (A) 
 Amounts in 2022 primarily relate to disallowed interest expense deductions. Amounts in 2020 relate primarily to changes in currency translation adjustments. 
 Note (B) 

S-1 

<EX-10.32>
 2
 mtd_ex10322022pobsplusregu.htm
 EX-10.32

Document 
 
 Exhibit 10.32 

 Greifensee, October 24, 2022 METTLER TOLEDO 

POBS Plus - 
 Incentive System for Group Management of METTLER TOLEDO Regulations, valid as of November 2, 2022 
 1. Objectives and Participants 
 
 We seek to pursue two main goals with this incentive plan 
 We want to link the remuneration of members of the Group Management (GMC) directly to the achievement of annual operating plan targets and to give a reward for reaching and exceeding the plan. 
 We want to promote the success of the corporation by attaining and exceeding our overall corporate goals. 
 
 The Compensation Committee determines participation in the POBS Plus incentive system for members of the Group Management changes must be agreed in writing. 
 
 Criteria for participation are 
 Public company officer and or member of the GMC of METTLER TOLEDO, who by virtue of his or her role and performance can significantly influence and contribute to the overall success of the company. 
 
 2. General Principles 
 
 2.1 In addition to their yearly base salary, participants are eligible for a cash incentive, which is based and calculated on the grade of target achievement. 
 This cash incentive is determined as a percentage of the base salary, and the maximum cash incentive that can be paid to any participant in any given year is capped at 
 USD 2.5 million. 
 
 2.2 Cash Incentive Scale 
 The cash incentive starts after 90 target achievement and can go up to a maximum of 130 target achievement (for A and B targets) and 120 for C and D targets. 
 Within this span, for each point of target achievement, a percentage of between 2.5 and 7.5 of the base salary is calculated as cash incentive. The percentage per cash incentive point is scaled and determined for the specific roles by the Compensation Committee within the first 90 days of each business year. 
 
 2.3 Targets 
 All targets in the incentive system are closely related to the yearly budgets and business plans. As a general rule, the incentive system includes the following target categories and weighting 
 A Group targets Group EPS, NCO, Sales and Divisional Sales, EBIT 
 B Operating unit targets Operating Units Sales, EBIT, ITO OTD and DSO 
 C Personal targets 10 - 15 
 D ESG targets 10 
 2022 POBS Plus Regulations - GMC clean.docx 

2022 POBS Plus Regulations GMC 

Each year, the Compensation Committee approves target parameters and their respective weighting within a category for individuals in the POBS Plus system for Members of the Group Management. The sum of the weightings must equal 100 . 
 Each year, the scaling for the grade of target achievement is established in the POBS Plus rules, which are proposed by the CEO and Head of HR, and approved by the Compensation Committee. 
 
 3. Target Setting 
 
 3.1 Targets are established with reference to approved budgets of the Group, Divisions and Operating Units. The targets should include material improvements on a comparable base, but also be realistic and attainable. 
 
 3.2 The supervisor and participant agree to personal targets (C targets) and ESG targets (D targets) at the beginning of each business year. C and D targets need to be measurable. 
 The Audit Committee may recommend specific Finance Control targets for a business year. 
 
 3.3 Each year, a POBS Plus Target Achievement Sheet is created for each participant showing all targets and their weighting in line with the corresponding POBS Plus rules. 
 
 4. Target Assessment 
 
 4.1 At the end of the business year, the superior manager assesses target achievement for each participant. The CEO is assessed by the Board of Directors. 
 The degree of achievement of each individual target (range 90 to max. 130 or max. 120 for C and D targets) is multiplied by the weighting of the individual target to give a points award for each individual target. The target achievement is calculated by multiplying the score with relative weight for each target and summing the totals across all targets. 
 
 4.2 Personal targets, including Finance Control targets, and ESG targets are evaluated as follows 
 Target Achievement 
 
 90 
 Target not reached - result unsatisfactory 
 100 
 Target reached, corresponding to the requirements - good result 
 110 
 Clearly more than target achieved, requirements clearly exceeded, in terms of value, time limits, quality, additional related success - very good result 
 120 
 Target achievement outstanding, additional major benefits success for the company reached - excellent result 

For the Finance Control targets the Audit Committee may give a recommendation regarding the degree of target achievement. 
 
 5. Cash Incentive Calculation 
 
 The cash incentive is calculated as a percentage of the annual base salary (determined as per April 1 of each year). 
 Each full point above 90 and up to a maximum of 130 corresponds to a cash incentive amount of 2.5 to a maximum of 7.5 of the base salary, as determined for each individual function in its applicable scaling by the Compensation Committee for each business year. 
 
 2022 POBS Plus Regulations - GMC clean.docx 

2022 POBS Plus Regulations GMC 

6. Payment 
 
 Management calculates the final cash incentive once the results of the business year and the assessment of the target achievement are known. Payments shall be made no later than March 15 following the end of the business year following approval of the Compensation Committee. 
 
 7. Termination of Employment during the Business Year 
 
 In case participant's employment ends before July 1, the cash incentive is paid pro rata on a fixed 95 target achievement (except for officers subject to Section 162(m) of the US Internal Revenue Code). In case of termination of employment on July 1 or afterwards (and for all terminations of 162(m) officers), target achievement is measured at the end of the year in the same manner as for all participants and the resulting cash incentive will be paid pro rata. 
 
 8. Accounting Rules for Cash Incentive Payments 
 
 Cash incentive payments are accounted for in the business year to which the cash incentive belongs. Appropriate accruals have to be made for this purpose in the year- end closing. Carry over into accounts of the payout year are not allowed. 
 
 9. Section 409A Savings Clause 
 
 To the extent applicable, this incentive plan is intended to comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the US Internal Revenue Code. The incentive plan shall be construed, administered and governed in a manner consistent with this intent. Any provision that would cause any amount payable under this plan to be includable in the individual s gross income under Section 409A(a)(1) shall have no force and effect unless and until amended to cause such amount to be not so includable. Such amendment (a) may be retroactive to the extent permitted by Section 409A and (b) may be made by the company without the consent of any individual employee. No payment of compensation subject to Section 409A may be accelerated, except as provided in guidance promulgated under Section 409A. 

Christian Magloth 
 Head Human Resources 
 2022 POBS Plus Regulations - GMC clean.docx 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-10.59>
 3
 wongemploymentagreement.htm
 EX-10.59

Document 
 Exhibit 10.59 

PERSONAL CONFIDENTIAL 
 Mr. Richard Wong 23 Sunbird Avenue 
 Singapore 487340 
 
 Date July 8 , 2008 Reference PB em 
 Direct Dial +41 44 944 22 85 
 Telefax +41 44 944 22 55 

Employment Agreement 
 
 between Mettler-Toledo International Inc . , Im Langacher, 8606 Greifensee, Switzerland, and Richard Wong born June 23, 1964 , citizen of Singapore. 
 
 The parties enter into an employment agreement on the terms and conditions set forth below 
 
 Function 
 
 Employing Company I 
 Position Location 

Remuneration 

Head Asia Pacific , Member of the Group Management Committee (GMC) of the METTLER TOLEDO Group . 
 Mettler-Toledo (S) Pte Ltd, Singapore (MT-SG) . The principal place of work is Singapore. Given the international presence of the company, employee's duties will require regular business travel to the Group's various locations, in particular to China and throughout Asia Pacific. 
 If not otherwise stipulated in this agreement, the general rules of employment of MT-SG apply. 
 Base Salary of SGD 380'400.-- gross per annum, effective January 1, 2009 . 
 This Base Salary includes the Singapore AWS and is paid out according to local rules in monthly installments . 
 This Base Salary will be reviewed for the first time per April 1, 2010 . 
 Participation in the Incentive Plan POBS Plus for Members of the Group Management of METTLER TOLEDO pursuant to the then current plan and regulations. Under this plan employee is eligible to earn a Bonus based upon achievement of various financial and personal targets . For 100 target achievement, the bonus is currently SGD 171 '180.-- gross (45 of base salary) . The scaling of the bonus system, and selection and weighting of targets, including personal targets, are at the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. 

Exhibit 10.59 

 Employment Agreement Richard Wong dated July 8, 2008 2 
 Head Asia Pacific 

Expenses Reimbursement of actual business expenses against documentation in line with MT-SG regulations and Group policies . 
 Transport Allowance The company pays a transport allowance of SGD 30'000 . -- gross per annum, payable in twelve monthly installments of SGD 2'500-- gross . 
 Equity Incentive Plan Participation in the METTLER TOLEDO Equity Incentive Plan as may be amended from time to time . 
 Personnel Insurance Participation in the personnel insurance plans as established by MT SG for its employees and as might be amended from time to time . Actual plans in place 
 
 Hospitalization and surgical 
 Clinical, covering the outpatient services 
 Personal Accident 
 Group Terms Life 
 
 Vacation 

Duration Notice Period Termination 
 Confidentiality 

Non-Competition 

Applicable Law 

25 working days per calendar year, which includes compensation for overtime. Unused vacation days cannot be converted for cash payment. Unused vacation days in a given year can be carried forward to a maximum of one year only . 
 This employment agreement starts on January 1, 2009 and is of unlimited duration . It can be terminated by either party without cause by giving 12 months notice in writing to the end of a month. 
 Employee agrees to keep confidential both during and after his employment with METTLER TOLEDO all information of a confidential nature not generally known outside of METTLER TOLEDO, and not to use such confidential information other than for purposes of performing his duties for METTLER TOLEDO . 
 While employee is employed by METTLER TOLEDO and for a period of twelve months after his termination, employee shall not directly or indirectly (a) engage in or be employed in any business anywhere in the world which competes with the businesses of METTLER TOLEDO, or (b) solicit for hire or hire any METTLER TOLEDO employee . 
 This agreement shall be governed by Singapore law. 

</EX-10.59>

<EX-21>
 4
 mtd_exhibit2112312022.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 
 Subsidiaries 
 Country Legal Name Australia Mettler-Toledo Limited Australia Ohaus Australia Pty. Ltd. Austria Mettler-Toledo Gesellschaft m.b.H. Barbados Mettler-Toledo Finance SRL Belgium Mettler-Toledo N.V. Brazil Mettler-Toledo Ind stria e Com rcio Ltda. Canada Mettler-Toledo Inc. (Canada) China Hermle (Shanghai) Labortechnik Co., Ltd. China Mettler-Toledo (Changzhou) Precision Instruments Ltd. China Mettler-Toledo (Changzhou) Scale & System Ltd. China Mettler-Toledo (Changzhou) Measurement Technology Ltd. China Mettler-Toledo Instruments (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Mettler-Toledo International Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Mettler-Toledo Measurement Instrument (Shanghai) Co., Ltd China Ohaus International Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Ohaus Instruments (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. China Mettler-Toledo Technologies (China) Co., Ltd China Ohaus Instruments (Changzhou) Co. Ltd. China Mettler-Toledo (Chengdu) Scale & System Ltd. Croatia Mettler-Toledo d.o.o. Czech Republic Mettler-Toledo, s.r.o. Denmark Mettler-Toledo A S France Mettler-Toledo Holding (France) SAS France Mettler-Toledo SAS France SAME Groupement d'int r t conomique Germany Hermle Labortechnik GmbH Germany Mettler-Toledo Garvens GmbH Germany Mettler-Toledo (Albstadt) GmbH Germany Mettler-Toledo GmbH Germany Mettler-Toledo Management Holding Deutschland GmbH Germany Mettler-Toledo Sales & Marketing Services GmbH Germany Pharmacontrol Electronic GmbH Hong Kong Hermle Labortechnik (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Mettler-Toledo (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Mettler-Toledo (HK) Holding Limited Hong Kong Mettler-Toledo (HK) MTCN Limited Hong Kong Mettler-Toledo (HK) MTCS Limited Hong Kong Mettler-Toledo (HK) MTCZ Limited Hong Kong Ohaus (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Scale-up Systems (HK) Co. Limited Hungary Mettler-Toledo Kereskedelmi Kft. India Mettler-Toledo India Private Limited India Ohaus Weighing India Private Limited India SCALEUP SYSTEMS (INDIA) PRIVATE LIMITED Indonesia PT Mettler-Toledo Indonesia Ireland Mettler-Toledo Limited, Ireland Branch Ireland Scale-up Systems Limited Italy Mettler-Toledo S.p.A. Japan Mettler-Toledo K.K. Kazakhstan Mettler-Toledo Kazakhstan Korea Mettler-Toledo (Korea) Ltd. Latvia Mettler-Toledo Instrumente AG, filiale Latvija 

Country Legal Name Malaysia Mettler-Toledo (M) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Mettler-Toledo Services Asia-Pac Sdn. Bhd. Mexico Mettler-Toledo S.A. de C.V. Mexico Ohaus de M xico S.A. de C.V. Mexico Biotix International S. de R.L. de C.V. Netherlands Mettler-Toledo B.V. New Zealand Mettler-Toledo Limited Norway Mettler-Toledo Cargoscan AS Norway Mettler-Toledo AS Philippines Mettler-Toledo Philippines Inc. Poland Mettler-Toledo Sp.z.o.o. Russian Federation Mettler-Toledo East Russian Federation Representation Office of Mettler -Toledo GmbH Singapore Mettler-Toledo (S) Pte. Ltd. Slovak Republic Mettler-Toledo s.r.o. Slovenia Mettler-Toledo d.o.o. Spain Mettler-Toledo S.A.E. Sweden Mettler-Toledo AB Switzerland C-CIT Sensors AG Switzerland Mettler-Toledo (Schweiz) GmbH Switzerland Mettler-Toledo GmbH Switzerland Mettler-Toledo Holding AG Switzerland Mettler-Toledo Instrumente AG Switzerland Mettler-Toledo International Inc., Wilmington, Delaware, Gr'see Branch Switzerland Mettler-Toledo Pac Rim AG Switzerland Mettler-Toledo OnLine GmbH Switzerland Mettler-Toledo Sales International GmbH Switzerland Microwa AG Switzerland Ohaus Europe GmbH Taiwan Mettler-Toledo Pac Rim AG, Taiwan Branch Thailand Mettler-Toledo (Thailand) Ltd. Thailand Ohaus Indochina Limited Turkey Mettler-Toledo TR Olcum Aletleri Ticaret Satis vs Servis Hizmetleri Anonim Sirketi Ukraine Mettler-Toledo Ukraine United Arab Emirates Mettler-Toledo Sales International GmbH, UAE Branch United Kingdom Mettler-Toledo Finance (UK) Limited United Kingdom Mettler-Toledo Ltd. United Kingdom Mettler-Toledo Safeline X-Ray Limited United Kingdom Mettler-Toledo Safeline Limited United Kingdom Eagle Product Inspection Limited United Kingdom Ohaus UK Limited United States Avidien Technologies, Inc. United States Mettler-Toledo AutoChem, Inc. Delaware United States Mettler-Toledo LLC Delaware United States Mettler-Toledo Process Analytics, Inc. Massachusetts United States Ohaus Corporation New Jersey United States Mettler-Toledo Rainin, LLC Delaware United States Mettler-Toledo Thornton Inc. Massachusetts United States Mettler-Toledo International Inc., Wilmington Delaware United States Mettler-Toledo International Finance, Inc. Delaware United States Mettler-Toledo Finance LLC United States Biotix Holdings Inc. United States D.C. Martin & Son Scales, Inc. United States Mayfair Technology Limited Liability Company United States Biotix Inc. United States Eagle Product Inspection LLC Delaware United States Troemner, LLC Delaware 

Country Legal Name United States Mettler-Toledo Holdings LLC Delaware United States Mettler-Toledo Real Estate Holdings, LLC Vietnam Mettler-Toledo Vietnam 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 mtd_exhibit23112312022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-258294, 333-190181, 333-118260, 333-104083, and 333-31636) of Mettler-Toledo International Inc. of our report dated February 10, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 Columbus, Ohio 
 February 10, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 mtd_exhibit311x12312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Patrick Kaltenbach, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Patrick Kaltenbach 
 Patrick Kaltenbach 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date February 10, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 mtd_exhibit31212312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Shawn P. Vadala, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Mettler-Toledo International Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Shawn P. Vadala 
 Shawn P. Vadala 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Date February 10, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 8
 mtd_exhibit3212312022.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Mettler-Toledo International Inc. (the Company does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 This annual report on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in this report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Patrick Kaltenbach Patrick Kaltenbach 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 s Shawn P. Vadala 
 Shawn P. Vadala 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Date February 10, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 mtd-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 mtd-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 mtd-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 mtd-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 mtd-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

