<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1840102_0001520138-23-000156.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2751245</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>143384</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>552916</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>775439</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>552733</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>668927</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001520138-23-000156.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330161335
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001520138-23-000156
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SPECIFICITY, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001840102
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING AGENCIES [7311]
		IRS NUMBER:				854017786
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-257323
		FILM NUMBER:		23780842

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		408 WARE BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 508
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33619
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8133644744

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		408 WARE BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 508
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33619

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001520138-23-000156.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 spty-20221231_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

 ,

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

OTCQB 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non- accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , non-accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (Section 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s Knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As
of December 31, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed fiscal year, the market value of our common
stock held by non-affiliates was . 

The
number of shares of the Registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding as of March 13, 2023 was . 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

 GENERAL
INFORMATION 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 2 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 11 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 11 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 12 

Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 12 

Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 21 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 21 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 23 

Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 25 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 26 

Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 26 

Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 27 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 28 

SIGNATURES 
 29 

- i - 

 Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

Certain
statements discussed in Item 1 (Business), Item 3 (Legal Proceedings), Item 7 (Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as in other materials and oral statements
that the Company releases from time to time to the public constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements concerning management s expectations, strategic
objectives, business prospects, anticipated economic performance and financial condition and other similar matters involve significant
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause the actual results, performance, or achievements
of results to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements discussed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
Such risks, uncertainties and other important factors are discussed and Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. In addition, these statements constitute the Company s cautionary statements under the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It should be understood that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently,
the following should not be considered to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. The words anticipate, 
 estimate, expect, project, intend, believe, plan, 
 target, forecast and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date of the document in which they are made. The Company disclaims any obligation or undertaking to provide
any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement to reflect any change in the Company s expectations or any change in
events, conditions, or circumstances on which the forward-looking statement is based. It is advisable, however, to consult any further
disclosures the Company makes on related subjects in its Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. 

Emerging
Growth Company Status 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act enacted in April 2012, and, for as
long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting
requirements applicable to other public companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our
periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation
and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We will remain an emerging growth company 
until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1 billion or more; (ii) the
last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of an initial public offering of our equity securities; (iii)
the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three year period; and (iv) the date on
which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer. 

- 1 - 

 Table of Contents 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Company
Overview 

Specificity,
Inc. Specificity or the Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on November 25, 2020, and our
fiscal year end is December 31. The Company s administrative address is 410 S. Ware Blvd., Suite 508, Tampa, FL 33619. Our
telephone number is (813)364-4744. 

At
our core, we are a digital marketing firm. However, through our diversified holdings, we provide various solutions that combine our marketing
expertise to provide support for other segments of our portfolio. Ultimately, Specificity is a tech incubator. We identify technology-based
marketing solution entities, take an equity share position in return for utilizing our internal resources to complete the buildout of
these technology-based solutions. Specificity then uses our marketing prowess to draw clients to these businesses. We have the internal
personnel to complete these projects and the marketing capability to deliver lower advertising costs with high conversion campaigns to
launch these companies into success. 

Currently,
our operations are focused on 4 lines of business. 

SPECIFICITY
is a full-service digital marketing firm that delivers cutting-edge marketing solutions to business to business clients as well as business
to consumer clients and currently generates all of our revenue. We ve gone to painstaking lengths to develop tools that allow us
to identify and market to people who are actively in the buying cycle. We take advantage of the real-time messaging opportunities digital
marketing offers to give small and medium-sized businesses a fair chance at online traffic. 

BULLSEYE
will help businesses revolutionize their direct mail marketing initiatives. With Bullseye, by combining our digital approach along with
traditional print marketing, clients can send direct mail to targeted people who are visiting the competition and searching for their
products online. In short, we will use behavior to identify and market to people who are already in the buying cycle, increasing conversions
and driving sales. BULLSEYE has no remaining build-out and awaits capital to support marketing activities. 

THRU
THE FUNNEL is a sales engagement platform designed to create qualified leads that help client s sales reps do what they were hired
to do: Sell! Our platform targets, engages, illuminates and connects interested prospects with our client s sales team, all in
real time. THRU THE FUNNEL development is 60 complete and awaits capital to support marketing activities. 

PICK
POCKET is a do-it-yourself digital marketing platform for smaller business owners. We will use
behavior-based device ID technology to help clients discover their ideal customers and market directly to their mobile devices. With
no contracts, middlemen, or hidden fees, Pick Pocket lets clients control their digital marketing without worrying about agency markups
making Fortune 1000 marketing capabilities available to companies with 500 thousand to 5 million in sales. The PICK POCKET build-out
is complete and awaits capital to support marketing activities. 

BULLSEYE,
THRU THE FUNNEL and PICK POCKET illuminate our ability to identify smart technology to undertake and support our incubation model as
we build-out new, innovative ideas. 

In
addition to Device ID extraction and programmatic display, Specificity offers a whole host of marketing services including: 

Email
 Marketing 

Automated
 Marketing 

Retargeting
 Marketing 

Content
 Marketing 

Social
 Media Content Creation 

Digital
 Production Marketing 

Creating
 Brand Standards 

Logo
 Creation 

- 2 - 

 Table of Contents 

Website
 Creation 

Brochure
 Creation 

Print
 Marketing 

Targeted
 Print Campaigns 

Google
 and Bing Display Ads 

Google
 and Bing Pay per Click Campaigns 

Google
 Local Service Ads 

Text
 (SMS) Campaigns 

Search
 Engine Optimization 

Blog
 Creation 

Voice
 Marketing 

Radio
 Commercial Creation 

Influencer
 Marketing Collaboration 

Proximity
 Marketing 

Strategic
Vision 

Specificity,
Inc. is a technology company with 2 core missions: 

1) 
 First,
 we endeavor to deliver the latest digital marketing technology to companies of all sizes making them nationally, regionally, and
 locally competitive. In this capacity, we come to the table already vertically integrated and capable of executing any size campaign
 flawlessly. 

2) 
 Secondarily,
 Specificity is a tech incubator. We identify technology-based marketing solutions, take an equity share position in return for utilizing
 our internal resources to complete the buildout of technology-based solutions, and then using our marketing prowess to draw clients
 to these businesses. We have the internal personnel to successfully complete these projects and our marketing capabilities will deliver
 lower advertising costs to launch new projects making growth faster to attain. 

Digital
Marketing 

As
a digital marketing agency, Specificity is an early adopter of innovative digital marketing tools. Our team keeps our clients ahead of
the technology curve instead of chasing it. Our ability to identify audiences in granular ways other tech companies have given up on,
positions us well to deliver better results at lower costs. By delivering ads to more targeted audiences, our clients enjoy the benefit
of focusing 100 of their digital spend on audiences that make sense for their products and services. While the large social media/tech
companies are eliminating or limiting access to targeting tools, we continue to add better targeting tools all the time. 

As
digital marketing continues to evolve, Specificity finds itself with an incredibly unique opportunity. While the large tech companies
and social media firms are removing targeting mechanisms from their platforms, businesses are waking up to the fact that more targeted
audiences lower their CPA (cost per acquisition) and dramatically improve their ROI. As each day goes by, business owners have learned
that the less targeted their campaigns are the more money and time they waste. Reaching the audiences they were easily able to reach
just a few years back is made more expensive with the removal of targeting mechanisms. It is all done in the name of political correctness,
but it is obvious to most, that their true motivation is to drive ad spend up to drive revenue for themselves. 

All
of these events put Specificity in a great position to acquire new clients in mass. Our capital raise will in large part be used to grow
our sales team in two regions initially and then expand quickly thereafter. The two regions we are starting with are the Tampa and New
England markets and will be targeting clients with revenues between 5,000,000 and 25,000,000. The revenue target speaks to both retainer
and retention. We know that clients with this type of revenue typically have internal marketing teams that are more suited to understand
analytics and can more easily track results. When this is the case, these clients stay longer and are more active in running the campaign
making it far easier to produce new creative and get it approved more quickly, a critical component for campaign optimization. 

We
also know that clients with these revenues spend on average, 5,100 per month. This is important because this retainer level ensures
profitability after accounting for sales expense and the overhead required to execute a campaign. While Specificity welcomes smaller
businesses as well as larger businesses, targeting these size companies through our sales efforts will ensure both long-term retention
and profitability. Both Tampa and the New England region have a plethora of companies that fall into this category. Tampa has 9,991 companies
with annual revenue between 5 and 25 million. (insert breakdown provided here for Tampa as well as New England here) The New England
market boasts far more in our targeted range. 

- 3 - 

 Table of Contents 

In
addition to being home to many companies we seek to engage, there is another reason these two regions were selected. Kevin Frisbie is
an investor in Specificity and possesses a long track record for running highly productive sales teams. He will be recruiting, training
and managing the sales team in the New England market and clearly has a vested interest in its success. Our CEO, Jason Wood, similarly
possesses a long track record for managing sales teams and will be recruiting, training and managing the team in the Tampa market. Between
the two of these seasoned pros, growing their respective markets should be accomplished in the timeline provided in the projections. 

While
we project strong revenue growth in 2022, our other mission is to buildout internal capacity to facilitate growth. A portion of our capital
raise will go towards that end. Having a well-trained staff in place will not only allow for the expeditious on-boarding of new clients
but will also go a long way in retaining clients we bring on. Strong client retention is foundational to long-term success in our business.
We have already automated much of what we do so the length of time required to properly train people is drastically reduced. 

Tech
Incubator 

In
the digital marketing space, there are numerous opportunities for project completion. Men and women across the country have great ideas
but not the resources to finish their projects. Our model is simple, once we identify these opportunities, we will negotiate an equity
share position in return for using our resources to complete the buildout. These resources include our website design team, programmers,
graphic designers, digital marketers and management. 

Due to the nature of what we do, we welcome these projects with both the ability to help complete them and the ability to market them.
We can identify the audience most likely to use them and then aggressively advertise to that audience. Our goal in doing so is to spin
them off into their own company and then take our profit when the time is right. 

PickPocket 

This
model is being proven now. Specificity acquired, then completed a digital marketing platform called PickPocket. It offers its users location-based
device ID extraction in a self-serve platform wherein users can define the parameters of their own campaign. It aims to compete with
the marketing mechanisms in social media companies. Just as they are removing targeting capabilities, PickPocket will hit the market
offering very granular targeting. Users on PickPocket are in total control of their campaign and can dictate spend level, locations to
target, and the duration of the campaign. Forty-eight hours after the campaign is complete, PickPocket clients get an email containing
detailed analytics, including foot traffic attribution reporting. This reporting tells the client how many people physically visited
their location out of all the device IDs that were marketed to during the campaign. The report also contains tracking for impressions,
clicks, form fills, and ecommerce conversions where appropriate. We have launched PickPocket and will be fully capitalizing the marketing
through fiscal year 2023. 

The
Investor Center 

Another
project we have brought in-house is the Investor Center. This is an online portal allowing investors to completely customize their own
user experience. They can choose what news feeds to populate on their home screen, which stocks to follow, what industries to track,
which OTC companies to follow, which companies seeking private investment to keep track of and much, much more. This service is subscription
based. 

In
addition to providing users with a customized experience, The Investor Center brings together companies seeking investment with brokers,
investors and private equity firms. Paid advertising on the platform is available for companies seeking to garner investor attention
or for brokers seeking to offer their services to investors. There are many revenue streams available, and our sales team will investigate
every available opportunity. 

Currently,
we have completed the website buildout with full functionality and will be launching very soon. The future goal for the investor center
is to utilize a full stack developer to turn this into a native app for iPhone and Android. 

- 4 - 

 Table of Contents 

Going
Concern 

As
reflected in the accompanying financial statements, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss of 4,344,532
and used cash of 2,036,911 in operating activities. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability
to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to meet its obligations, which it has not been able to accomplish to date, and/or obtain
additional financing from its stockholders and/or other third parties. 

In
order to further implement its business plan and satisfy its working capital requirements, the Company will need to raise additional
capital. There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to raise additional equity or debt financing at acceptable terms, if at
all. 

There
is no assurance that the Company will ever be profitable. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect
the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that
may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Competition 

Specificity
operates in a highly competitive and fragmented industry. We compete for business and talent with the operating subsidiaries of large
global holding companies such as Omnicom Group Inc., Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc., WPP plc, Publicis Groupe SA, Dentsu Inc. and
Havas SA, as well as with numerous independent agencies that operate in multiple markets. Our Partner Firms also face competition from
consultancies, like Accenture and Deloitte, tech platforms, media companies and other services firms that offer related services. We
must compete with all of these other companies to maintain and grow existing client relationships and to obtain new clients and assignments. 

We
compete at this level by providing clients with innovative marketing solutions that leverage the full power of data, technology, and
superior creativity. Specificity also benefits from cooperation among its entrepreneurial Partner Firms, which enables Specificity to
service the full range of global clients varied marketing needs through custom integrated solutions. Additionally, Specificity s maintenance
of separate, independent operating companies enables Specificity to effectively manage potential conflicts of interest by representing
competing clients across its network. 

Clients 

Specificity
plans to solicit entities generating annual revenues between 5,000,000 and 25,000,000 in revenues. In evaluating potential clients
we consider long term retention with an average of 5,100 per month in services. This will ensure that long term-term retention and profitability
for the Company. Our general geographic focus currently is in the Tampa Bay and New England areas. We will expand scope of our geographic
focus in the future as we develop success in our primary markets. Due to the nature of our business and the relative size of certain
contracts, which are entered into in the ordinary course of business, the loss of any single significant customer would have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations. In future periods, we will continue to focus on diversifying our revenue by increasing the
number of our customer contracts and seeking out partnerships that will allow us to increase our customer reach beyond our limited reach. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
intellectual property rights are important to our business. We believe we will come to rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark,
service mark, trade secret and other rights in the United States and other jurisdictions, as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual
provisions to protect our proprietary technology, processes and other intellectual property. We will protect our intellectual property
rights in a number of ways including entering into confidentiality and other written agreements with our employees, customers, consultants
and partners in an attempt to control access to and distribution of our documentation and other proprietary technology and other information.
Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, third parties may, in an unauthorized manner, attempt to use, copy or otherwise
obtain and market or distribute our intellectual property rights or technology. 

U.S.
patent filings are intended to provide the holder with a right to exclude others from making, using, selling or importing in the United
States the inventions covered by the claims of granted patents. Our patents, including our pending patents, if granted, may be contested,
circumvented or invalidated. Moreover, the rights that may be granted in those issued and pending patents may not provide us with proprietary
protection or competitive advantages, and we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing those patents. Therefore, the exact
benefits of our issued patents and, if issued, our pending patents and the other steps that we have taken to protect our intellectual
property cannot be predicted with certainty. 

- 5 - 

 Table of Contents 

Seasonality 

Our
business is not seasonal. However, our revenues and operating results may vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter, due to revenues
earned on contracts, the commencement and completion of contracts during any particular quarter. Because a portion of our expenses, such
as personnel and facilities costs, are fixed in the short term, successful contract performance and variation in the volume of activity
as well as in the number of contracts commenced or completed during any quarter may cause significant variations in operating results
from quarter to quarter. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 20 full-time employees. We periodically engage additional consultants and employ temporary
or full-time employees as needed. Potential employees possessing the unique qualifications required are readily available for both part-time
and full-time employment. The primary method of soliciting personnel is through recruiting resources directly utilizing all known sources
including electronic databases, public forums, and personal networks of friends and former co-workers. 

We
believe that our future success will depend in part on our continued ability to offer market competitive compensation packages to attract
and retain highly skilled, highly motivated and disciplined managerial, technical, sales and support personnel. In addition, confidentiality
and non-disclosure agreements are in place with many of our customer, employees and consultants and such agreements are included our
policies and procedures. None of our employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We believe that our relations with our
employees are good. 

Corporate
Information 

The
Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on November 25, 2020, as Specificity, Inc. and is referred to as the Company .
On September 13, 2022, the Company filed Form S-1 with the SEC, which was deemed effective on September 23, 2022. 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 410 S. Ware Blvd., Suite 508, Tampa, Florida 33619. Our telephone number is (813)364-4744.
Our internet address www.specificityinc.com . Information on our website is not incorporated into this Form 10-K. We make available
free of charge through our website our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments
to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable
after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ).
The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that
file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Generally,
as a smaller reporting company, we are permitted to omit risk factors. However, we believe the following Risk Factors are material to
our business. These do not encompass all risks related to our operations. 

You
should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information included in this annual report before
making an investment decision with regard to our securities. The statements contained in or incorporated herein that are not historic
facts are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those set forth in or implied by forward-looking statements. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial
condition or results of operations could be harmed. In that case, you may lose all or part of your investment. In addition to the other
information provided in this prospectus, you should carefully consider the following risk factors in evaluating our business before purchasing
any of our common stock. 

- 6 - 

 Table of Contents 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition 

Since
our inception, we have been insolvent and have required debt and equity financing to maintain operations. 

Since
our inception, we have failed to create cashflows from revenues sufficient to cover basic costs. As a result, we have relied heavily
on debt and equity financing. Equity financing, in particular, has created a dilutive effect on our common stock, which has hampered
our ability to attract reasonable financing terms. For the foreseeable future, we will continue to rely upon debt and equity financing
to maintain operation of the Company and its subsidiaries. 

We
have generated minimal revenues from operations, which makes it difficult for us to evaluate our future business prospects and make decisions
based on those estimates of our future performance. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had generated insufficient revenues. As a consequence, it is difficult, if not impossible, to forecast our future
results based upon our historical data. Our projections are based upon our best estimates on future growth. Because of the related
uncertainties, we may be hindered in our ability to anticipate and timely adapt to increases or decreases in sales, revenues, or expenses.
If we make poor budgetary decisions as a result of unreliable data, we may never become profitable or incur losses, which may result
in a decline in our stock price. 

There
is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and if we are unable to generate significant revenue or secure
additional financing, we may be unable to implement our business plan and grow our business. 

We
are an emerging growth company and are in the process of selling and developing our products. Consequently, we have not generated enough
revenues as of the date of this prospectus. We have an accumulated deficit and have incurred operating losses since our inception and
expect losses to continue during the remainder of fiscal 2023. Our independent registered public accounting firm has indicated in their
report that these conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of 12 months from
the issuance date of this report. The continuation of our business as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial
support from our stockholders. 

There
is uncertainty regarding our ability to grow our business to a greater extent than we can with our existing financial resources, also
described above, without additional financing. We have no agreements, commitments, or understandings to secure additional financing
at this time. Our long-term future growth and success is dependent upon our ability to continue selling our products and services, generate
cash from operating activities and obtain additional financing. There is no assurance that we will be able to continue selling our products
and services, generate sufficient cash from operations, sell additional shares of common stock or borrow additional funds. Our inability
to obtain additional cash could have a material adverse effect on our ability to grow our business to a greater extent than we can with
our existing financial resources, also described above. 

Expenses
required to operate as a public company will reduce funds available to implement our business plan and could negatively affect our stock
price and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Operating
as a public company is more expensive than operating as a private company, including additional funds required to obtain outside assistance
from legal, accounting, investor relations, or other professionals that could be costlier than planned. We may also be required to hire
additional staff to comply with additional SEC reporting requirements. We anticipate that the cost of SEC reporting will be approximately
 100,000 annually. Our failure to comply with reporting requirements and other provisions of securities laws could negatively affect
our stock price and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. If we fail to meet these requirements,
we will be unable to secure a qualification for quotation of our securities on the OTCQB, or if we have secured a qualification, we may
lose the qualification and our securities would no longer trade on the OTCQB. Further, if we fail to meet these obligations and consequently
fail to satisfy our SEC reporting obligations, investors will then own stock in a company that does not provide the disclosure available
in quarterly, annual reports and other required SEC reports that would be otherwise publicly available leading to increased difficulty
in selling their stock due to our becoming a non-reporting issuer. 

- 7 - 

 Table of Contents 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

Our
independent auditors have issued an audit opinion for Specificity, Inc. that includes a statement describing our going concern status.
Our financial status creates doubt whether we will continue as a going concern. 

As
described in Note 3 of our accompanying financial statements, our auditors have issued a going concern opinion regarding the Company. This
means there is substantial doubt we can continue as an ongoing business for the next twelve months. The financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the uncertainty regarding our ability to continue in business. As such, we may
have to cease operations and investors could lose part or all of their investment in the Company. 

We
lack an operating history and have losses that we expect to continue into the future. There is no assurance our future operations will
result in profitable revenues. If we cannot generate sufficient revenues to operate profitably, we may suspend or cease operations. 

We
were incorporated on November 25, 2020, and we have not fully developed our proposed business operations and have limited revenues. We
have limited operating history upon which an evaluation of our future success or failure can be made. Our net loss for the year
ended December 31, 2022, was 4,344,532 due to approximately - 181,078 being paid or accrued as compensation to our officers and 4,528,637
used in general and administrative expenses, including stock-based compensation of 2,264,081. Our ability to achieve and maintain profitability
and positive cash flow is dependent upon: 

The
 completion of previous Offerings 

Our
 ability to attract buyers; 

Based
upon current plans, we expect to incur operating losses in future periods because we will be incurring expenses and not generating sufficient
revenues. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in generating sufficient revenues in the future. In the event the
Company is unable to generate sufficient revenues, it may be required to seek additional funding. Such funding may not be available
or may not be available on terms that are beneficial and/or acceptable to the Company. In the event the Company cannot generate sufficient
revenues and/or secure additional financing, the Company may be forced to cease operations and investors will likely lose some or all
of their investment in the Company. 

We
do not have any additional source of funding for our business plans and may be unable to find any such funding if and when needed, resulting
in the failure of our business. 

Other
than the shares offered by previous Offerings as reflected in the Company s filings, no other source of capital has been identified
or sought. However, our directors have indicated a willingness to loan funds as needed during the start-up phase of our operations
to cover any shortfall in funds required to pay for offering costs, filing fees, and correspondence with our shareholders. However,
our directors have not guaranteed any loans to cover a shortfall in funds should our Offerings fail. As a result, we do not have
an alternate source of funds should we fail to complete previous Offerings. If we do find an alternative source of capital, the
terms and conditions of acquiring such capital may result in dilution and the resultant lessening of value of the shares of stockholders. 

If
we are not successful in raising sufficient capital through previous Offerings, we will be faced with several options: 

1. 
 abandon
 our business plans, cease operations and go out of business; 

2. 
 continue
 to seek alternative and acceptable sources of capital; or 

3. 
 bring
 in additional capital that may result in a change of control. 

In
the event any of the above circumstances occur, you could lose a substantial part or all of your investment. In addition, there
can be no guarantee that the total proceeds raised in previous Offerings will be sufficient, as we have projected, to fund our business
plans or that we will be profitable. As a result, you could lose any investment you make in our shares. 

The
Company competes for clients in highly competitive industries. 

The
Company operates in a highly competitive environment in an industry characterized by numerous advertising and marketing agencies of varying
sizes, with no single advertising and marketing agency or group of agencies having a dominant position in the marketplace. Specificity
is, however, smaller than several of its larger industry competitors. Competitive factors include creative reputation, management, personal
relationships, quality and reliability of service and expertise in particular niche areas of the marketplace. In addition, because an
agency s principal asset is its people, barriers to entry are minimal, and relatively small agencies are, on occasion, able to take all
or some portion of a client s business from a larger competitor. To the extent that the Company fails to maintain existing clients or
attract new clients, its s business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows may be affected in a materially adverse manner. 

- 8 - 

 Table of Contents 

We
possess minimal capital, which may severely restrict our ability to develop our services. If we are unable to raise additional
capital, our business will fail . 

We
possess minimal capital and must limit the amount of marketing we can perform with respect to our services. We feel we require a
minimum of 1,000,000 to provide sufficient capital to fully develop our business plan. Our limited marketing activities may not
attract enough paying customers to generate sufficient revenue to operate profitably, expand our services, implement our business plan
or continue operating our business. Our limited marketing capabilities may have a negative effect on our business and may cause
us to limit or cease our business operations, which could result in investors losing some or all of their investment in the Company. 

Specificity s
ability to generate new business from new and existing clients may be limited. 

To
increase its revenues, Specificity needs to obtain additional clients or generate demand for additional services from existing clients.
Specificity s ability to generate initial demand for its services from new clients and additional demand from existing clients is subject
to such clients and potential clients requirements, pre-existing vendor relationships, financial conditions, strategic plans and internal
resources, as well as the quality of Specificity s employees, services and reputation and the breadth of its services. To the extent
Specificity cannot generate new business from new and existing clients due to these limitations, Specificity s ability to grow its business
and to increase its revenues will be limited. 

Specificity s
business could be adversely affected if it loses or fails to attract or retain key executives or employees. 

Employees,
including creative, research, analytics, media, technology development, account and practice group specialists, and their skills and
relationships with clients, are among Specificity s most important assets. An important aspect of Specificity s competitiveness is its
ability to retain key employee and management personnel. Compensation for these key employees is an essential factor in attracting and
retaining them, and Specificity may not offer a level of compensation sufficient to attract and retain these key employees. If Specificity
fails to hire and retain a sufficient number of these key employees, it may not be able to compete effectively. Management succession
at our operating units is very important to the ongoing results of Specificity because, as in any service business, the success of a
particular agency is dependent upon the leadership of key executives and management. If key executives were to leave our operating units,
the relationships that Specificity has with its clients could be adversely affected. 

Specificity
is exposed to the risk of client defaults. 

Specificity s
agencies often incur expenses on behalf of their clients for productions and in order to secure a variety of media time and space, in
exchange for which they receive a fee. The difference between the gross production costs and media purchases and the revenue earned by
us can be significant. While Specificity takes precautions against default on payment for these services (such as credit analysis, advance
billing of clients, and in some cases acting as an agent for a disclosed principal) and has historically had a very low incidence of
default, Specificity is still exposed to the risk of significant uncollectible receivables from our clients. The risk of a material loss
could significantly increase in periods of severe economic downturn. Such a loss could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations, cash flows and financial position. 

Specificity
is subject to regulations and litigation risk that could restrict our activities or negatively impact our revenues. 

Advertising
and marketing communications businesses are subject to government regulation, both domestic and foreign. There has been an increasing
trend in the United States for advertisers to resort to litigation and self-regulatory bodies to challenge comparative advertising on
the grounds that the advertising is false and deceptive. Moreover, there has recently been an expansion of specific rules, prohibitions,
media restrictions, labeling disclosures, and warning requirements with respect to advertising for certain products. Proposals have been
made to ban the advertising of specific products and to impose taxes on or deny deductions for advertising which, if successful, may
have an adverse effect on advertising expenditures and consequently, on Specificity s revenues. 

- 9 - 

 Table of Contents 

In
addition, laws and regulations related to consumer privacy, use of personal information and digital tracking technologies have been proposed
or enacted in the United States and certain international markets (including the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation,
or GDPR, the proposed European Union ePrivacy Regulation and the recently enacted California Consumer Privacy
Act, or CCPA ). We face increasing costs of compliance in an uncertain regulatory environment and any failure to comply with
these legal requirements could result in regulatory penalties or other legal ability. Furthermore, these laws and regulations may impact
the efficacy and profitability of certain digital marketing and analytics services we provide to clients, making it difficult to achieve
our clients goals. These and other related factors could affect our business and reduce demand for certain of our services, which could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. 

Compliance
with data privacy laws requires ongoing investment in systems, policies and personnel and will continue to impact our business in the
future by increasing legal , operational and compliance costs. While we have taken steps
to comply with data privacy laws, we cannot guarantee that our efforts will meet the evolving standards imposed by data protection authorities.
In the event that we are found to have violated data privacy laws, we may be subject to additional potential private consumer, business
partner or securities litigation, regulatory inquiries, governmental investigations and proceedings and we may incur damage to our reputation. Any
such developments may subject us to material fines and other monetary penalties and damages, divert management s time and attention,
and lead to enhanced regulatory oversight all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

We
rely extensively on information technology systems and cybersecurity incidents could adversely affect us. 

We
rely on information technologies and infrastructure to manage our business, including digital storage of client marketing and advertising
information and developing new business opportunities. Increased cybersecurity threats and attacks, which are becoming more sophisticated,
pose a risk to our systems and networks. Security breaches, improper use of our systems and unauthorized access to our data and information
by employees and others may pose a risk that sensitive data may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. We also have access
to sensitive or personal data or information that is subject to privacy laws and regulations. Our systems and processes to protect against,
detect, prevent, respond to and mitigate cybersecurity incidents and our organizational training for employees to develop an understanding
of cybersecurity risks and threats may be unable to prevent material security breaches, theft, modification or loss of data, employee
malfeasance and additional known and unknown threats. In addition, we use third-party service providers, including cloud providers, to
store, transmit and process data. Any breakdown or breach in our systems or data-protection policies, or those of our third-party service
providers, could adversely affect our reputation or business. 

We
are dependent upon our current officers. 

We
currently are managed by three key officers, and we are entirely dependent upon them in order to conduct our operations. If they
should resign or die, there will be no one to run Specificity, and the company has no Key Man insurance. If our current officers
are no longer able to serve as such and we are unable to find another person to replace them, it will have a negative effect on our ability
to continue active business operations and could result in investors losing some or all of their investment in the Company. 

Specificity s
business could be adversely affected if it loses or fails to attract or retain key executives or employees. 

Employees,
including creative, research, analytics, media, technology development, account and practice group specialists, and their skills and
relationships with clients, are among Specificity s most important assets. An important aspect of Specificity s competitiveness is its
ability to retain key employee and management personnel. Compensation for these key employees is an essential factor in attracting and
retaining them, and Specificity may not offer a level of compensation sufficient to attract and retain these key employees. If Specificity
fails to hire and retain a sufficient number of these key employees, it may not be able to compete effectively. Management succession
at our operating units is very important to the ongoing results of Specificity because, as in any service business, the success of a
particular agency is dependent upon the leadership of key executives and management. If key executives were to leave our operating units,
the relationships that Specificity has with its clients could be adversely affected. 

- 10 - 

 Table of Contents 

Our
controlling stockholder has significant influence over the Company. 

As
of December 31, 2022, Jason Wood the Company s Chief Executive Officer, owns 61.28 of the outstanding common stock. Additionally, Mr.
Wood also holds 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred which have voting rights, at all times, equal to 80 of all voting rights. As
a result, Jason Wood possesses significant influence over our affairs. His stock ownership and position as a director may have the
effect of delaying or preventing a future change in control, impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination
or discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company, which in turn
could materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Minority
shareholders of Specificity, Inc. will be unable to affect the outcome of stockholder voting as long as Jason Wood retains a controlling
interest. 

We
Have Minimal Revenues and Our Ability to Sustain Our Operations Is Dependent On Our Ability To Raise Financing. 

We
have accrued net losses for the period from our inception on November 25, 2020 through December 31, 2022, and have limited revenues as
of this date. Our future is dependent upon our ability to obtain financing and upon future profitable operations in development of our
business. Further, the finances required to fully develop our plan cannot be predicted with any certainty and may exceed any estimates
we set forth. If we fail to raise sufficient capital when needed, we will not be able to complete our business plan. As a result, we
may have to liquidate our business and you may lose your investment. You should consider our independent registered public accountant s
comments when determining if an investment in Specificity, Inc. is suitable. 

We
require minimum funding of approximately 1,000,000 to conduct our proposed operations for a period of one year. If we are not able to
raise this amount, or if we experience a shortage of funds prior to funding we may utilize funds from our officer and director who has
informally agreed to advance funds to allow us to pay for professional fees, including fees payable in connection with the filing of
this registration statement and operation expenses. However, he has no formal commitment, arrangement, or legal obligation to advance
or loan funds to the Company. After one year we may need additional financing. 

Item
2. Properties 

Lease 

The
Company leases offices used for operations under a non-cancelable agreement which expires in June 2024. Rent expense for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 43,527 and 22,750, respectively. On January 1, 2022, the Company recorded a right of use asset and liability
of 104,665. The Company used an effective borrowing rate of 3 which is the annual increase per the lease agreement. The aggregate right
of use payments and imputed interest under the lease agreement as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Years ending December 31,: 

2023 
 43,908 
 
 2024 
 22,278 
 
 Imputed interest 
 (1,554 

64,632 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

We
are not involved in any pending legal proceeding nor are we aware of any pending or threatened litigation against us. 

- 11 - 

 Table of Contents 

There
is no material bankruptcy, receivership, or similar proceeding with respect to the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries. However,
given the Company s insolvency, there is a high risk that the Company may be forced to file for bankruptcy if the Company is unable
to meet its capital requirements in 2023. 

There
are no administrative or judicial proceedings arising from any federal, state, or local provisions that have been enacted or adopted
regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or primary for the purpose of protecting the environment. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosure. 

Not
Applicable to the Company. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Our
Common Stock is listed on OTCQB, trading under the symbol SPTY. 

Holders
of our Common Stock 

As
of March 13, 2023, there were approximately 103 stockholders of record of our common stock. This number does not include shares held
by brokerage clearing houses, depositories, or others in unregistered form. The stock transfer agent for our securities is West Coast
Stock Transfer. 

Dividend
Policy 

The
Company does not anticipate paying dividends on the Common Stock at any time in the foreseeable future. The Company s Board of Directors
currently plans to retain earnings for the development and expansion of the Company s business. Any future determination as to the
payment of dividends will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company and will depend on a number of factors including
future earnings, capital requirements, financial conditions and such other factors as the Board of Directors may deem relevant. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
Company has not adopted an equity compensation plan. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

Except
for founders shares all unregistered shares have since been registered pursuant to the Form S-1 registration statement deemed effective
on September 16, 2021, and the Form S-1 registration statement deemed effective on June 1, 2022, and the Form S-1 registration statement
deemed effective on September 23, 2022. 

Repurchases
of Equity Securities 

We
repurchased no shares of our Common Stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which we have prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. This discussion should be read in conjunction
with the other sections of this Form 10-K, including Risk Factors, and the Financial Statements. The various sections of
this discussion contain a number of forward-looking statements, all of which are based on our current expectations and could be affected
by the uncertainties and risk factors described throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Forward-Looking Statements. 
Our actual results may differ materially. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate estimates
and judgments, including those described in greater detail below. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other
factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under
different assumptions or conditions. 

- 12 - 

 Table of Contents 

As
used in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation, except where the
context otherwise requires, the term we, us, our, or the Company, refers to the
business of Specificity, Inc. 

Organizational
Overview 

Specificity,
Inc. Specificity or the Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on November 25, 2020, and our fiscal
year end is December 31. The Company s administrative address is 410 S. Ware Blvd., Suite 508, Tampa, Florida 33619. Our telephone
number is (813)364-4744. 

At
our core, we are a digital marketing firm. However, through our diversified holdings, we provide various solutions that combine our marketing
expertise to provide support for other segments of our portfolio. Ultimately, Specificity is a tech incubator. We identify technology-based
marketing solution entities, take an equity share position in return for utilizing our internal resources to complete the buildout of
these technology based solutions. Specificity then uses our marketing prowess to draw clients to these businesses. We have the internal
personnel to complete these projects and the marketing capability to deliver lower advertising costs with high conversion campaigns to
launch these companies into success. 

Currently,
our operations are focused on 4 lines of business. 

SPECIFICITY
is a full-service digital marketing firm that delivers cutting-edge marketing solutions to business to business clients as well as business
to consumer clients and currently generates all of our revenue. We ve gone to painstaking lengths to develop tools that allow us
to identify and market to people who are actively in the buying cycle. We take advantage of the real-time messaging opportunities digital
marketing offers to give small and medium-sized businesses a fair chance at online traffic. 

BULLSEYE
will help businesses revolutionize their direct mail marketing initiatives. With Bullseye, by combining our digital approach along with
traditional print marketing, clients can send direct mail to targeted people who are visiting the competition and searching for their
products online. In short, we will use behavior to identify and market to people who are already in the buying cycle, increasing conversions
and driving sales. BULLSEYE has no remaining build-out and awaits capital to support marketing activities. 

THRU
THE FUNNEL is a sales engagement platform designed to create qualified leads that help client s sales reps do what they were hired
to do: Sell! Our platform targets, engages, illuminates and connects interested prospects with our client s sales team, all in
real time. THRU THE FUNNEL development is 60 complete and awaits capital to support marketing activities. 

PICK
POCKET is a do-it-yourself digital marketing platform for smaller business owners. We will use
behavior-based device ID technology to help clients discover their ideal customers and market directly to their mobile devices. With
no contracts, middlemen, or hidden fees, Pick Pocket lets clients control their digital marketing without worrying about agency markups
making Fortune 1000 marketing capabilities available to companies with 500 thousand to 5 million in sales. The PICK POCKET build-out
is complete and awaits capital to support marketing activities. 

BULLSEYE,
THRU THE FUNNEL and PICK POCKET illuminate our ability to identify smart technology to undertake and support our incubation model as
we build-out new, innovative ideas. 

- 13 - 

 Table of Contents 

In
addition to Device ID extraction and programmatic display, Specificity offers a whole host of marketing services including: 

Email
 Marketing 

Automated
 Marketing 

Retargeting
 Marketing 

Content
 Marketing 

Social
 Media Content Creation 

Digital
 Production Marketing 

Creating
 Brand Standards 

Logo
 Creation 

Website
 Creation 

Brochure
 Creation 

Print
 Marketing 

Targeted
 Print Campaigns 

Google
 and Bing Display Ads 

Google
 and Bing Pay per Click Campaigns 

Google
 Local Service Ads 

Text
 (SMS) Campaigns 

Search
 Engine Optimization 

Blog
 Creation 

Voice
 Marketing 

Radio
 Commercial Creation 

Influencer
 Marketing Collaboration 

Proximity
 Marketing 

Strategic
Vision 

Specificity,
Inc. is a technology company with 2 core missions: 

1) 
 First,
 we endeavor to deliver the latest digital marketing technology to companies of all sizes making them nationally, regionally and locally
 competitive. In this capacity, we come to the table already vertically integrated and capable of executing any size campaign flawlessly. 

2) 
 Secondarily,
 Specificity is a tech incubator. We identify technology-based marketing solutions, take an equity share position in return for utilizing
 our internal resources to complete the buildout of technology-based solutions, and then using our marketing prowess to draw clients
 to these businesses. We have the internal personnel to successfully complete these projects and our marketing capabilities will deliver
 lower advertising costs to launch new projects making growth faster to attain. 

Digital
Marketing 

As
a digital marketing agency, Specificity is an early adopter of innovative digital marketing tools. Our team keeps our clients ahead of
the technology curve instead of chasing it. Our ability to identify audiences in granular ways other tech companies have given up on,
positions us well to deliver better results at lower costs. By delivering ads to more targeted audiences, our clients enjoy the benefit
of focusing 100 of their digital spend on audiences that make sense for their products and services. While the large social media/tech
companies are eliminating or limiting access to targeting tools, we continue to add better targeting tools all the time. 

As
digital marketing continues to evolve, Specificity finds itself with an incredibly unique opportunity. While the large tech companies
and social media firms are removing targeting mechanisms from their platforms, businesses are waking up to the fact that more targeted
audiences lower their CPA (cost per acquisition) and dramatically improve their ROI. As each day goes by, business owners have learned
that the less targeted their campaigns are the more money and time they waste. Reaching the audiences they were easily able to reach
just a few years back is made more expensive with the removal of targeting mechanisms. It is all done in the name of political correctness,
but it is obvious to most, that their true motivation is to drive ad spend up to drive revenue for themselves. 

- 14 - 

 Table of Contents 

All
of these events put Specificity in a great position to acquire new clients in mass. Our capital raise will in large part be used to grow
our sales team in two regions initially and then expand quickly thereafter. The two regions we are starting with are the Tampa and New
England markets and will be targeting clients with revenues between 5,000,000 and 25,000,000. The revenue target speaks to both retainer
and retention. We know that clients with this type of revenue typically have internal marketing teams that are more suited to understand
analytics and can more easily track results. When this is the case, these clients stay longer and are more active in running the campaign
making it far easier to produce new creative and get it approved more quickly, a critical component for campaign optimization. 

We
also know that clients with these revenues spend on average, 5,100 per month. This is important because this retainer level ensures
profitability after accounting for sales expense and the overhead required to execute a campaign. While Specificity welcomes smaller
businesses as well as larger businesses, targeting these size companies through our sales efforts will ensure both long-term retention
and profitability. Both Tampa and the New England region have a plethora of companies that fall into this category. Tampa has 9,991 companies
with annual revenue between 5 and 25 million. (insert breakdown provided here for Tampa as well as New England here) The New England
market boasts far more in our targeted range. 

In
addition to being home to many companies we seek to engage, there is another reason these two regions were selected. Kevin Frisbie is
an investor in Specificity and possesses a long track record for running highly productive sales teams. He will be recruiting, training
and managing the sales team in the New England market and clearly has a vested interest in its success. Our CEO, Jason Wood, similarly
possesses a long track record for managing sales teams and will be recruiting, training and managing the team in the Tampa market. Between
the two of these seasoned pros, growing their respective markets should be accomplished in the timeline provided in the projections. 

While
we project strong revenue growth in 2023, our other mission is to buildout internal capacity to facilitate growth. A portion of our capital
raise will go towards that end. Having a well-trained staff in place will not only allow for the expeditious on-boarding of new clients
but will also go a long way in retaining clients we bring on. Strong client retention is foundational to long-term success in our business.
We have already automated much of what we do so the length of time required to properly train people is drastically reduced. 

Tech
Incubator 

In
the digital marketing space, there are numerous opportunities for project completion. Men and women across the country have great ideas
but not the resources to finish their projects. Our model is simple, once we identify these opportunities, we will negotiate an equity
share position in return for using our resources to complete the buildout. These resources include our website design team, programmers,
graphic designers, digital marketers and management. 

Due to the nature of what we do, we welcome these projects with both the ability to help complete them and the ability to market them.
We can identify the audience most likely to use them and then aggressively advertise to that audience. Our goal in doing so is to spin
them off into their own company and then take our profit when the time is right. 

PickPocket 

This
model is being proven now. Specificity acquired, then completed a digital marketing platform called PickPocket. It offers its users location-based
device ID extraction in a self-serve platform wherein users can define the parameters of their own campaign. It aims to compete with
the marketing mechanisms in social media companies. Just as they are removing targeting capabilities, PickPocket will hit the market
offering very granular targeting. Users on PickPocket are in total control of their campaign and can dictate spend level, locations to
target, and the duration of the campaign. Forty-eight hours after the campaign is complete, PickPocket clients get an email containing
detailed analytics, including foot traffic attribution reporting. This reporting tells the client how many people physically visited
their location out of all the device IDs that were marketed to during the campaign. The report also contains tracking for impressions,
clicks, form fills, and ecommerce conversions where appropriate. We have launched PickPocket and will be fully capitalizing the marketing
through fiscal year 2023. 

- 15 - 

 Table of Contents 

The Investor Center 

Another
project we have brought in-house is the Investor Center. This is an online portal allowing investors to completely customize their own
user experience. They can choose what news feeds to populate on their home screen, which stocks to follow, what industries to track,
which OTC companies to follow, which companies seeking private investment to keep track of and much, much more. This service is subscription
based. 

In
addition to providing users with a customized experience, The Investor Center brings together companies seeking investment with brokers,
investors and private equity firms. Paid advertising on the platform is available for companies seeking to garner investor attention
or for brokers seeking to offer their services to investors. There are many revenue streams available, and our sales team will investigate
every available opportunity. 

Currently,
we have completed the website buildout with full functionality and will be launching very soon. The future goal for the investor center
is to utilize a full stack developer to turn this into a native app for iPhone and Android. 

Going
Concern 

As
reflected in the accompanying financial statements, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss of 4,344,532
and used cash of 2,036,911 in operating activities. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. We have evaluated the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability as a going
concern within one year of issuance of the financial statements. 

While
the Company is continuing operations and generating revenues, the Company s cash position is not significant enough to support
the Company s daily operations. To fund operations and reduce the working capital deficit, the Company has raised capital through
the sale of common and preferred stock. While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to generate revenues and in its ability
to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect, nor can there be assurance that such funds will be at acceptable
terms. See Note 7 for additional fund received during the year ended December 31, 2022, and subsequent. The ability of the Company to
continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to further implement its business plan and generate revenues and cash flows.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
significant accounting policies are more fully described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. Those material accounting
estimates that we believe are the most critical to an investor s understanding of our financial results and condition are discussed
immediately below and are particularly important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations and require the
application of significant judgment by our management to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in the determination of certain
estimates. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of the financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could
differ from those estimates. 

Concentration
of Credit Risk 

Cash
and cash equivalents are maintained at financial institutions and, at times, balances may exceed federally insured limits of 250,000
per institution that pays Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance premiums. The Company has never experienced
any losses related to these balances. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

The
Company classifies its highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase as cash equivalents.
Management determines the appropriate classification of its investments at the time of purchase and reevaluates the designations of each
investment as of the balance sheet date for each reporting period. The Company classifies its investments as either short-term or long-term
based on each instrument s underlying contractual maturity date. Investments with maturities of less than 12 months are classified
as short-term and those with maturities greater than 12 months are classified as long-term. The cost of investments sold is based upon
the specific identification method. 

- 16 - 

 Table of Contents 

Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

Accounts
receivable is recorded net of an allowance for doubtful accounts, if needed. The Company considers any changes to the financial condition
of its financial institutions used and any other external market factors that could impact the collectability of its receivables in the
determination of its allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company does not expect to have write-offs or adjustments to accounts receivable
which could have a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows as the portion which is deemed
uncollectible is already taken into account when the revenue is recognized. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-09, codified
as Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which provides a single comprehensive
model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers. The Company adopted ASC 606 upon Inception. 

The
Company provides online marketing services. The Company s revenue is generated on services priced at fixed rates. Revenue is recorded
as services are performed which typically all occurs within a calendar month. 

Right
of Use Assets and Liabilities 

The
Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. This determination generally depends on whether the arrangement
conveys to the Company the right to control the use of an explicitly or implicitly identified fixed asset for a period of time in
exchange for consideration. Control of an underlying asset is conveyed to the Company if the Company obtains the rights to direct
the use of and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from using the underlying asset. The Company has lease
agreements which include lease and non-lease components, which the Company has elected to account for as a single lease component
for all classes of underlying assets. Lease expense for variable lease components are recognized when the obligation is probable.
Operating lease right of use ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present
value of lease payments over the lease term. Operating lease payments are recognized as lease expense on a straight-line basis over
the lease term. The Company primarily leases buildings (real estate) which are classified as operating leases. ASC 842 requires a
lessee to discount its unpaid lease payments using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily
determined, its incremental borrowing rate. As an implicit interest rate is not readily determinable in the Company s leases,
the incremental borrowing rate is used based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of
lease payments. 

The
lease term for all of the Company s leases includes the non-cancellable period of the lease plus any additional periods covered
by either a Company option to extend (or not to terminate) the lease that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise, or an option
to extend (or not to terminate) the lease controlled by the lessor. Options for lease renewals have been excluded from the lease term
(and lease liability) for the majority of the Company s leases as the reasonably certain threshold is not met. 

Lease
payments included in the measurement of the lease liability are comprised of fixed payments, variable payments that depend on index or
rate, and amounts probable to be payable under the exercise of the Company option to purchase the underlying asset if reasonably certain. 

Variable
lease payments not dependent on a rate or index associated with the Company s leases are recognized when the event, activity, or
circumstance in the lease agreement on which those payments are assessed as probable. Variable lease payments are presented as operating
expenses in the Company s statement of operations in the same line as expense arising from fixed lease payments. As of September
30, 2022, management determined that there were no variable lease costs. 

- 17 - 

 Table of Contents 

Fair
Value Measurements 

The
Company follows FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820 to measure and disclosure the fair
value of its financial instruments. ASC 820 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in U.S. GAAP and expands disclosures about
fair value measurements and establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair
value into three broad levels. The three levels of fair value hierarchy defined by ASC 820 are described below: 

Level
 1 
 
 Quoted
 market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. 

Level
 2 
 
 Pricing
 inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the
 reporting date. 

Level
 3 
 
 Pricing
 inputs that are generally unobservable inputs and not corroborated by market data. 

Financial
assets are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar
techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. 

The
fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and
the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than
one level described above, the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of
the instrument. 

The
carrying amounts reported in the Company s financial statements for cash, accounts receivable, prepaids and other current assets,
accounts payable, etc. approximate their fair value because of the immediate or short-term mature of these financial instruments. 

Property
and Equipment 

Property
and equipment is recorded at cost. Expenditures for major additions and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged
to operations as incurred. Depreciation of property and equipment is computed by the straight-line method (after taking into account
their respective estimated residual values) over the assets estimated useful life of five (5) years. Upon sale or retirement of equipment,
the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in the statement of operations. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived
assets are reviewed for impairment when there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by comparing the carrying amount
of an asset or asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. If the carrying
amount of an asset or asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which
the carrying amount of the asset or asset group exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset or asset group. Long-lived assets to be
disposed of by sale are reported at the lower of their carrying amounts or their estimated fair values less costs to sell and are not
depreciated. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no asset impairments. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in
the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are based on the differences between
the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the fiscal year in which the differences
are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely
than not that the assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply
to taxable income in the fiscal years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred
tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the statement of operations in the period that includes the enactment
date. 

- 18 - 

 Table of Contents 

The
Company s income tax returns are based on calculations and assumptions that are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue
Service and other tax authorities. In addition, the calculation of the Company s tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties
in the application of complex tax regulations. The Company recognizes liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process.
The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is
more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if
any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50 likely of being realized upon
settlement. While the Company believes it has appropriate support for the positions taken on its tax returns, the Company regularly assesses
the potential outcomes of examinations by tax authorities in determining the adequacy of its provision for income taxes. The Company
continually assesses the likelihood and amount of potential adjustments and adjusts the income tax provision, income taxes payable and
deferred taxes in the period in which the facts that give rise to a revision become known. As of September 30, the Company does not believe
any provisions are required in connection with uncertain tax positions as there are none. 

Per
Share Information 

Basic
net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
outstanding during the year. Diluted net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average
number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year, increased by the potentially dilutive common shares that were outstanding
during the year. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company does not have any dilutive shares. 

Stock
Based Compensation 

The
Company recognizes as compensation expense all share-based payment awards made to employees, directors, and consultants including grants
of stock, stock options and warrants, based on estimated fair values. Fair value is generally determined based on the closing price of
the Company s common stock on the date of grant and is recognized over the service period. 

New
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
July 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-11, Leases (Topic 842): Targeted Improvements, which provided an alternative transition
method when initially applying ASU 2016-02. Companies may elect to apply ASU 2016-02 at the beginning of the earliest period presented
or recognize a cumulative effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption. The ASU is effective
for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2021. Management adopted this standard on January 1, 2022, which a right
of use asset and liability were recorded in connection with the Company s lease. 

The
FASB issues ASUs to amend the authoritative literature in ASC. There have been a number of ASUs to date that amend the original text
of ASC. The Company believes those issued to date either (i) provide supplemental guidance, (ii) are technical corrections, (iii) are
not applicable to the Company or (iv) are not expected to have a significant impact on the Company. 

Results
of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 as Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, revenues increased by 399,234, from 749,012 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 1,148,246 in
2022 as a result of the expansion of our operations. 

Cost
of Revenues 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, cost of revenues increased by 219,647 from 372,455 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 592,102
in 2022. Costs of revenues may shift dramatically depending upon how the Company s comparative revenue profile of the products
and services shift in the future. 

- 19 - 

 Table of Contents 

Operating
Expenses 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, operating expenses increased by 2,142,172, from 2,707,962 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to
 4,850,134 in 2022 due materially to an increase in sales and marketing, and increase in general and administrative expenses including
stock based compensation of 2,264,081, with a decrease in officer compensation. The Company s Operating Expenses may vary quarter
to quarter as a result of changes to sales and marketing costs, general and administrative expenses, and other costs associated with
the Company s new and existing projects as well as other projects that it is currently reviewing. 

Other
Expenses 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, Other Expenses increased by 542 from 50,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 50,542 in 2022
as a result of interest expense. Given the Company s financing requirements in developing its new business models, the Company s
other (income) expenses may increase over time as the Company explores the use of additional debt financing. 

Net
Loss 

As
a result of the above, Net Loss increased by 1,963,127 from 2,381,405 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 4,344,532 in 2022. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Net
Working Capital 

We
have, since inception, financed operations and capital expenditures through the sale of stock and convertible notes and debt. Our immediate
sources of liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and unbilled receivables. 

At
December 31, 2022, we had a net working capital deficit of approximately 988,337 compared to a net working capital deficit of 379,819
at December 31, 2021. We relied on proceeds from prepaid expenses and financing activities from the sale of preferred and common stock
throughout fiscal year 2022. We relied on proceeds from the sale of common stock, the sale of preferred stock, and accounts payable throughout
fiscal year 2021. 

We
must successfully execute our business plan to increase profitability in order to achieve positive cash flows to sustain adequate liquidity
without requiring additional funds from external sources to meet minimum operating requirements. We may need to raise additional capital
to fund our operations and there can be no assurance that additional capital will be available on acceptable terms or at all. 

Generally,
the Company has insufficient capital to maintain operations. Cashflows from operations of the Company and all its subsidiary holdings
will not sustain the Company s operations, let alone its filing requirements, unless there is substantial influx of cash flow through
either debt and/or equity financing. 

- 20 - 

 Table of Contents 

Cash
Flows from Operating Activities 

Cash
provided by operating activities provides an indication of our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from our recurring business activities. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operations was approximately 2,036,911 driven primarily by current year operating
loss and accrued liabilities, offset primarily by stock-based compensation and accounts payable. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operations was approximately 1,106,374 driven by current year operating loss, offset
primarily by the acquisition of Pick Pocket and subscription payable treated as officer compensation. 

Cash
Flows from Investing Activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had a net loss of 10,281 in cash flows from investing activities, primarily due to the
purchase of property and equipment. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had a net loss of 21,142 in cash flows from investing activities, primarily due to the
purchase of property and equipment. 

Cash
Flows from Financing Activities 

Cash
provided by (used in) financing activities provides an indication of our debt financing and proceeds from capital raise transactions. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash provided by financing activities was approximately 1,432,169, primarily due to the proceeds from
sale of common stock and proceeds from advances from a related party. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by financing activities was approximately 1,548,249, primarily due to the proceeds from
sale of common stock and proceeds from subscription receivables. 

In
the short term, we must raise additional capital through debt or equity financing to support our business operations and grow our business.
Over the long term, we must successfully execute our growth plans to increase profitable revenue and income streams to generate positive
cash flows to sustain adequate liquidity without impairing growth initiatives or requiring the infusion of additional funds from external
sources to meet minimum operating requirements. We may need to raise additional capital to fund our operations and there can be no assurance
that additional capital will be available on acceptable terms or at all. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet financing arrangements. 

Contractual
Obligations 

Not
required of smaller reporting companies. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Our
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm, are set forth
on pages F-1 through F-18 of this report. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

As
of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer performed an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based
on the evaluation and the identification of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective. 

- 21 - 

 Table of Contents 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The
Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate disclosure controls and procedures for the Company.
As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer performed an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based
on the evaluation and the identification of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Pursuant
to Rule 13a-15(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), the Company carried out an evaluation,
with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered by this report
, using the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. The term internal control over financial reporting , as defined under Rule 13a-15(f) under the
Exchange Act, means a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the issuer s principal executive officer and principal
financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by issuer s board of directors, management and other
personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: (1)
pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the issuer; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the issuer; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the issuer s assets that could have a material effect on
the financial statements. Based upon the evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting at the end of the period covered
by this report, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s internal control
over financial reporting were not effective as a result of continuing weaknesses principally due to the following: 

-
 
 The
 Company has not established adequate financial reporting monitoring activities to mitigate the risk of management override, specifically
 because there are few employees and only one officers with management functions and therefore there is lack of segregation of duties.

-
 
 An
 outside consultant assists in the preparation of the annual and quarterly financial statements and partners with the Company to ensure
 compliance with US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. 

-
 
 Outside
 counsel assists the Company in the external attorneys to review and editing of the annual and quarterly filings and to ensure compliance
 with SEC disclosure requirements. 

At
such time as the Company raises additional working capital it plans to add staff, initiate training, add additional subject matter expertise
in its finance area so that it may improve it processes, policies, procedures, and documentation of its internal control processes. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

- 22 - 

 Table of Contents 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance; 

The
current Directors and Officers of the Company are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Jason
 Wood 
 
 47 
 
 Director,
 Chairman, President, CEO, CFO, Secretary and Treasurer 
 
 Kevin
 D. Frisbie 
 
 52 
 
 Director 
 
 William
 Anderson 
 
 69 
 
 Director,
 COO 

Jason
Wood Director/CEO 

Jason
Wood is the majority owner of one of the most innovative digital marketing firms in the United States, Specificity, Inc. formed in November
2020. Specificity is an avant-garde digital marketing strategy firm which constantly seeks and deploys new digital marketing technology
and implementation tools - tools for enabling simple ad deployment and measurable campaign results. Specificity is an incubator for technology
start-ups in the digital marketing arena. 

Already,
Specificity Inc. maintains four portfolio digital marketing companies all offering new and unique ways to reach hyper-focused audiences
to boost sales for clients. The first, PickPocket , is a fully automated, self-serve, platform which includes programmatic digital
marketing. This entity competes and improves upon the products offered by the social media platforms by delivering marketing to a dramatically
more granularly targeted audience. PickPocket allows users to improve client conversions with only four clicks - measurable increased
ROI coupled with easy campaign implementation. Additionally, customers completely control the spend level, campaign duration and audience
size without contractual obligations. 

Prior
to forming Specificity Jason was the CEO of Actionable Insights, a digital marketing firm, beginning in October 2011. 

Jason
studied Marketing at the University of Missouri while on a full athletic scholarship before transferring to Southwest Missouri State
University. After college, Wood immediately began a sales career. It was in Springfield, Missouri whereby Wood s passion for sales
and marketing flourished, catapulting him into the business world. Wood earned countless sales awards throughout his career. In fact,
he was the top performing salesperson for every company for whom he worked. Wood s entrepreneur background is just as impressive.
At 44 years, Wood has successfully owned and operated an automotive lift company, two sales/marketing consulting firms, a digital marketing
firm and now leads Specificity Inc., a company which he is taking public. 

Kevin
D. Frisbie Director 

Kevin
Frisbie is the Founder and President of Frisbie Associates, a comprehensive financial services firm with offices in Lewiston, Brewer,
and Mexico, Maine, with other affiliate locations in Saco, Hallowell, Bath, and Portland. When Kevin originally launched his practice
over five years ago, he worked with a strong focus in the area of strategic planning for social security and retirement. Since that time,
he has expanded his office and team to address virtually every personal investment and insurance need an individual, business, or family
may have throughout the entire course of their lives. 

Operating
as an Investment Adviser Representative, Kevin is free to act solely in the best interest of his clients. He believes in a holistic approach
to financial planning. As a former baseball coach, Kevin has always had the heart of a teacher and mentor. These traits, combined with
a vast knowledge of the industry, has helped him develop a passion for guiding his clients on their path to financial security. Kevin s
drive to educate and inform makes him a truly unique and gifted financial advisor. 

- 23 - 

 Table of Contents 

Kevin
has also assembled a team of experienced insurance professionals from across the state who specialize in various aspects of the industry,
such as life insurance, annuities, social security retirement strategies, long term care, Medicare planning, group individual
health insurance and employee benefits. Collectively, this group brings well over 100 years of industry expertise to the table, ensuring
that whatever needs a client may have, Team Frisbie will meet. 

Kevin
presents informational workshops on a variety of topics including: Asset Preservation, Social Security Planning, Long Term Care, Financial
Wellness for Employees, How to Manage Your Money During Times of Unexpected Transition, and Fundamental Financial Literacy. 

As
a motivational speaker and published author of Every Dime Every Day, Kevin s expertise is frequently in high demand. He can regularly
be heard on radio station 101.3, The Voice of Maine s Financial Safari radio program, as well as seen on multiple educational TV
programs. 

William
Anderson Director/COO 

Bill s
experience extends from corporate management in the Fortune 100 arena to management consulting and business development. Bill is well
traveled and has lived in nine different states ranging from the East Coast, West Coast, Southwest, Southeast Central and the Great Lakes.
He has spent the most recent 15 years living and working in Ohio. Bill Worked in the food business supply chain for 25 years, the last
18 with Sara Lee. He then went on to work in management consulting for six years. After that, Bill spent five years self-employed until
May 2017, before taking on the role as Chief Operating Officer of Actionable Insights, a digital marketing firm, in June of 2017. Bill
joined Specificity in November 2020 as COO. Bill has a BS Degree in Business Administration and a Master s Degree in Management.
He earned a Masters in Management as a non-traditional student and has a deep interest in and understanding of organizational development
and how people work. 

Committees

As
of the date of this Annual Report, the Company s board of directors does not have any committees. 

The
Board of Directors does not currently have a formal nominating committee as we are deemed a controlled company in that
our CEO and Chairman, Jason Wood holds greater than 50 voting control. As such, nominations of additional board members or nominees
for shareholder election are set forth by Mr. Wood. Mr. Wood will consider shareholder nomination. However, there are currently no formal
standards for accepting or rejecting such nominations. 

The
Board of Directors does not currently have a formal auditing committee nor a member of the board that is a audit committee financial
expert as defined by Item 507(d)(5). 

Family
Relationships 

None. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
our knowledge, during the last ten years, none of our directors and executive officers has: 

Had
 a bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at
 the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time. 

Been
 convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses. 

Been
 subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities
 or banking activities. 

Been
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Been
 the subject to, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reverse, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization,
 any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members
 or persons associated with a member. 

- 24 - 

 Table of Contents 

Code
of Ethics 

We
do not currently have a code of ethic that applies to any member of the Board of Directors or our executive officers. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our directors and executive officers and persons who own more than
10 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock to file reports of initial ownership of common stock and other equity securities
and subsequent changes in that ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent stockholders are required by
SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. To our knowledge, based solely on a review of the copies
of such reports furnished to us and written representations that no other reports were required, during the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022 all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were complied
with. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Name
 and 
 Principal 
 Position 
 Title 
 Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive
 Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 ) 
 All
 other 
 Compensation 
 (1) 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Jason
 Wood 
 Chairman,
 CEO and President 
 2022 
 181,078 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 181,078 
 
 2021 
 217,568 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 1,257,148 
 1,417,568 

2020 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 94,774 
 94,774 
 
 Kevin
 D. Frisbie 
 Chief
 Revenue Officer 
 2022 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 20,066 
 20,066 

2021 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

2020 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 William
 Anderson 
 COO 
 2022 
 78,870 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 78,870 

2021 
 42,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 42,000 

2020 
 3,750 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 3,750 

(1) The
 Company covered personal expenses and other expenses incurred by other entities controlled
 by Mr. Wood. These amounts are not going to be repaid and thus were treated as compensation.
 The Company covered an amount equal to exactly one-half (50 of Kevin Frisbie s health
 insurance costs. 

Executive
Employment Agreement 

On
January 1, 2021, the Company entered into an employment contract with its Chief Executive Officer for which the initial term of the agreement
is one year and renews automatically annually. If the Chief Executive Officer is terminated without cause, then the remaining current
contract year shall be paid. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid either the Chief Executive Officer and/or
entities affiliated with the Chief Executive Officer 181,078 and 217,568, respectively, which has been classified as officer compensation
on the accompanying statements of operations. 

- 25 - 

 Table of Contents 

On
October 1, 2021, the Company entered into an employment contract with its Director and Chief Revenue Officer, Kevin Frisbie, for which
the initial term of the agreement is one year and renews automatically annually. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company issued to Mr.
Frisbie an initial fee of 300,000 shares of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock and agreed to pay a monthly fee of 10,000 shares
of common stock per month. The shares of common stock issued pursuant to this agreement from the date of the agreement through the end
of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, are deemed earned as of the date of the agreement, and upon renewal of the employment agreement,
the Company shall pay Mr. Frisbie 10,000 shares of common stock per month on the last day of each month. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth, as of March 13, 2023, each person known by the Company to be the officer or director of the Company or a
beneficial owner of five percent or more of the Company s common stock. Except as noted, the holder thereof has sole voting and
investment power with respect to the shares shown. Except as otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o Specificity,
Inc., 410 S. Ware Blvd., Suite 508, Tampa, Florida 33619. 

Shareholder 
 Number
 of Shares of Common Stock Held 
 Number
 of Shares of Series A Stock (2) 
 Number
 of Shares of Series B Preferred Stock (3) 
 Total
 Voting Rights 
 Voting

Jason
 Wood 
 6,510,000 
 1,000,000 
 0 
 49,006,972 
 92.26 
 
 Kevin
 Frisbie 
 630,000 
 0 
 508,000 (4) 
 630,000 
 1.19 
 
 Bill
 Anderson 
 320,000 
 0 
 0 
 320,000 
 0.6 
 
 All
 Officers and Directors 
 7,460,000 
 1,000,000 
 508,000 
 49,956,972 
 94.05 
 
 TOTAL 
 7,460,000 
 1,000,000 
 508,000 
 49,956,972 
 94.05 

(1) Under Rule 13d-3
promulgated under the Exchange Act, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract,
arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct
the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares
may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose
of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares
(for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage
ownership of any person, the amount of shares is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such
person) by reason of these acquisition rights. 

(2) Holders of Series
A Preferred Stock have voting rights equal to exactly eighty percent (80 of all voting rights available at the time of any vote, including
Series A voting rights. As of March 13, 2023, Series A Preferred Stock, collectively and in their entirety, have voting rights equaling
42,496,972 votes, or exactly 80 of the total voting rights of all classes of shares which equal 53,121,215 votes. 

(3) Holders of Series
B Preferred Stock do not have voting rights but do have the right to convert into the aggregate pro rata number of shares of Common
stock equal to ten percent (10 of the sum of the total issued and outstanding shares of common plus the shares of common to be issued
to the holder of the Series B Preferred Stock. 

(4) Kevin Frisbie directly
owns 404,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, and indirectly owns through the relationship to the owner, his spouse, an additional
104,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock. 

We
are not aware of any arrangements that could result in a change of control. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

On
January 13, 2021, the Company and Jason Wood, as holder of 100 ownership of Pickpocket, Inc., entered into an agreement whereby the
Company purchased exactly 80 of the total issued and outstanding stock of Pickpocket, Inc. in exchange for a 5-year 5 promissory note
in the amount of 1,000,000. The note is to be paid in quarterly payments of interest only with any remaining interest and principal
due at maturity. 

On
January 13, 2021, the Company sold exactly 260,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock. 

- 26 - 

 Table of Contents 

Pursuant
to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 as filed on May 20, 2022 and deemed effective on June 1, 2022, Jason Wood registered for resale
exactly 500,000 shares of common stock of the Company at a price of 1.50 per share. Subsequently, Jason Wood sold 500,000 shares of
the registered common stock of the Company to various parties during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Otherwise,
from the year ended December 31, 2021, through the year ended December 31, 2022, there have been no additional transactions, or any proposed
transactions, in which the Company was or is to be a participant and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect
material interest, that would be required to be disclosed herein pursuant to Items 404(a) and 404(d) of Regulation S-K. 

Director
Independence 

Our
Board of Directors has determined that it does not have a member that is independent as the term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)
of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The
aggregate fees incurred for professional services since the inception of the Company rendered by BF Borgers CPA PC, the independent registered
public accounting firm for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements included in the Company s Form 10-K and
review of financial statements for its quarterly report (Form 10-QT) are reported below. 

The
total fees charged by BF Borgers CPA PC in 2022 and 2021 aggregated 21,600 and 54,000, respectively, which includes fees for the 2022
and 2021 audited financial statements and review of the quarterly financial statements. 

Audit 

Taxes 

Filings 

Other 

Total 

2022 

71,400 

- 

- 

- 

71,400 

2021 

54,000 

- 

- 

- 

54,000 

- 27 - 

 Table of Contents 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

Exhibit
 
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 Filed 

3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation filed November 25, 2020 
 
 Form
 S-1 Filed June 23, 2021 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws
 dated November 25, 2020 
 
 Form
 S-1 Filed June 23, 2021 

3.3 
 
 Designation
 of Series A Preferred Stock filed May 14, 2021 
 
 Form
 S-1 Filed June 23, 2021 

3.4 
 
 Designation
 of Series B Preferred Stock filed May 14, 2021 
 
 Form
 S-1 Filed June 23, 2021 

10.1 
 
 Pickpocket,
 Inc. Purchase Agreement 
 
 Form
 S-1 Filed June 23, 2021 

10.2 
 
 Promissory
 Note issued to Jason Wood 
 
 Form
 S-1 Filed June 23, 2021 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Herein

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Herein 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Herein 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Herein 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Labels 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation 

- 28 - 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Specificity,
 Inc. 

Date:
 3/30/2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jason Wood 

Name: 
 Jason
 Wood 

Title: 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:
 3/30/2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jason Wood 

Name: 
 Jason
 Wood 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

In
accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on March 30, 2023 on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/
Jason Wood 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, 
 
 Jason
 Wood 
 
 Chief
Financial Officer, Treasurer, Director 
 (Principal
Executive Officer) (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
Kevin Frisbie 
 
 Director 
 
 Kevin
 Frisbie 

/s/
 William Anderson 
 
 Chief
 Operations Officer, Director 
 
 William
 Anderson 

- 29 - 

 Table of Contents 

SPECIFICTY,
INC. 

 FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Pages 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations 
 F-4 

Statement of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F-5 

Statement of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Specificity, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance
sheets of Specificity, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and
cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. 

 Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the
Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to
experience negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going
concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis
for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

BF
Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB #5041) 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 

March
30, 2023 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

SPECIFICITY,
INC 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

As
 of December 31, 2022 
 As
 of December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Current
 assets 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Accounts
 receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Right
 of use asset 
 
 - 

Total
 assets 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders Deficit: 

Current
 liabilities: 

Account
 payable 

Accrued
 liabilities 

Related
 party advances 
 
 - 
 
 Right
 of use liability 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 current liabilities 

Long
 term liabilities - 

Related
 party notes payable 

Right
 of use liability, net of current portion 
 
 - 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments
 and contingencies 

Stockholders 
 Deficit: 

Preferred
 stock, Series A; par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and
 2021 

Preferred
 stock, Series B; par value; and shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Common
 stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31,
 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Subscriptions
 receivable 
 - 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 stockholders deficit 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders deficit 

See
accompanying notes to the financial statements. 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

SPECIFICITY,
INC 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Revenue, net 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative expenses, including stock based
 compensation of and , respectively 

Officer compensation 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

Total other income (expense) 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share attributable to common stockholders 

Weighted-average number of shares used in computing basic and diluted per share amounts 

See
accompanying notes to the financial statements. 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

SPECIFICITY,
INC 

 STATEMENTS
OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Preferred Stock, Series A 
 Preferred Stock, Series B 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Subscription 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-in Capital 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Equity (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Issuance of common stock for cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of preferred stock for cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Removal of subscription to reflect proceeds paid to related entity 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Offering costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Issuance of common stock for cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Offering costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock based compensation 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

- 

See
accompanying notes to the financial statements. 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

SPECIFICITY,
INC 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Depreciation 

Acquistion of Pick Pocket and subscription payable treated as officer compensation 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaids and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from subscription receivables 
 - 

Payments on notes payable 
 - 

Advances from related party 
 
 - 
 
 Payment of deferred offering costs 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 
 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Issuance of a related party notes payable for Pick Pocket 
 - 

Subscription receivable treated as officer compensation 

Right of use asset and liability 

Prepaid through issuance of common stock 

See
accompanying notes to the financial statements. 

F- 6 

 Table of Contents 

SPECIFICITY,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per institution that pays Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance premiums. The Company has never experienced
any losses related to these balances. 

Variable
lease payments not dependent on a rate or index associated with the Company s leases are recognized when the event, activity, or
circumstance in the lease agreement on which those payments are assessed as probable. Variable lease payments are presented as operating
expenses in the Company s statement of operations in the same line as expense arising from fixed lease payments. As of September
30, 2022, management determined that there were variable lease costs. 

years. Upon sale or retirement of equipment,
the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in the statement of operations. 

asset impairments. 

t have any dilutive shares. 

and used cash of in operating activities. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. We have evaluated the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability as a going
concern within one year of issuance of the financial statements. 

While
the Company is continuing operations and generating revenues, the Company s cash position is not significant enough to support
the Company s daily operations. To fund operations and reduce the working capital deficit, the Company has raised capital through
the sale of common and preferred stock. While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to generate revenues and in its ability
to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect, nor can there be assurance that such funds will be at acceptable
terms. See Note 7 for additional fund received during the year ended December 31, 2022 and subsequent. The ability of the Company to
continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to further implement its business plan and generate revenues and cash flows.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

note payable. The software isn t expected
to be implemented until 2023 and thus no amortization was recorded at December 31, 2022. See Note 5 for discussion of the note payable
terms. 

Lease 

The
Company leases offices used for operations under a non-cancelable agreement which expires in June 2024. Rent expense for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. On January 1, 2022, the Company recorded a right of use asset and liability
of . The Company used an effective borrowing rate of which is the annual increase per the lease agreement. The aggregate right
of use payments and imputed interest under the lease agreement as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

2024 

Imputed
 interest 

Total 

note payable in connection with the purchase of software, see Note 4. The note payable does not incur
interest and required five monthly payments of which were paid during 2021. 

On
January 13, 2021, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement with the Company s Chief Executive Officer to acquire 
of Pickpocket, Inc. Pickpocket for a purchase price of million in the form of a promissory note. As of the date
of acquisition, Pickpocket did not have any operations or significant assets. Upon acquisition, the Company expensed the million
as compensation to officer. The transaction was accounted for on a carry over basis as the Chief Executive Officer was the controlling
shareholder in both entities. The promissory note incurs interest at a rate of per annum. During the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company paid interest of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, accrued interest was due. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s chief executive officer and a member of management advanced the Company funds for
operations. The advances do not incur interest and are due on demand. As of December 31, 2022, the balance due on the advances was .
Subsequent to December 31, 2022, additional advances were . 

Significant
Contracts 

On
January 1, 2021, the Company entered into an employment contract with its Chief Executive Officer for which the initial term of the agreement
is for one year and reviews automatically annually. If the Chief Executive Officer is terminated without cause, then the remaining current
contract year shall be paid. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid either the Chief Executive Officer and/or
entities affiliated with the Chief Executive Officer and , respectively, which has been classified as officer compensation
on the accompanying statements of operations. 

See
Notes 5 and 7 for additional payments to the related party. 

shares of par value Series A preferred stock Series A ). In the event of liquidation or
dissolution of the Company, holders of Series A preferred stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of
liabilities and have no liquidation preferences. Holders of Series A preferred stock have a right to convert each share of Series A into
five shares common stock. See below for discussion regarding issuance of Series A preferred stock. 

Series
B Preferred Stock 

The
Company was authorized to issue shares of par value Series B preferred stock Series B ). During September
2022, the Company increased the Series B preferred stock authorized shares to . The holder of the Series B preferred stock do
not have voting rights. In the event of liquidation or dissolution of the Company, holders of Series B preferred stock are entitled to
share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and have no liquidation preferences. Holders of Series B preferred
stock have a right to convert in the pro rata portion of exactly ten percent of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company. 

During
2020, the Company sold shares of Series B preferred stock to various investors at per share resulting in gross proceeds
of . As of December 31, 2020, subscriptions receivable related to these were In 2021, the Company received the , which
 200,000 was paid to an entity controlled by the Company s Chief Executive Officer. The has been classified as officer
compensation on the accompanying statements of operations. 

See
below for an additional issuance in 2022. 

Common
Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue shares of par value common stock. The holders of common stock are entitled to one vote
per share on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to consultants for management guidance, market research,
investor reports, capital raising services, etc. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded in stock-based
compensation. The Company valued the shares based upon the recent sales of common stock. In connection with one of these issuances, the
Company recorded a prepaid of and is amortizing over the term of the agreement of one year. As of December 31, 2022, the prepaid
was . In addition, this same agreement contains provisions for which additional shares would be issued. These provisions include
10 commission on all gross sales introduced by the consultant, 3 of an equity interest in the Company for introduction which results
in a 5.0 million investment and an additional 3 equity interest for introduction which results in 15.0 million investment. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock and shares of Series B preferred stock to
two employees for services rendered. One of the individuals is a significant shareholder and the sole shareholder of the Series B preferred
stock. The Company recorded as stock-based compensation, within general and administrative expense, in connection with the
issuances, during the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. The Company valued the shares based upon the recent sales of common
stock. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company sold shares of common stock to various investors at per share resulting in gross proceeds
of . Offering costs related to the sale of these shares amounted to As of December 31, 2022, there were subscriptions
receivable related to these sales. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold shares of common stock to various investors at prices ranging from to
 per share resulting in gross proceeds of . Offering costs of were offset against the gross proceeds. As of December
31, 2021, there was a subscription receivable of related to these sales. 

and , respectively, which consists
of net operating loss carry forwards. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company provided a 100 valuation allowance against the net
deferred tax assets. 

The
Company is subject to tax in the United States U.S. and files tax returns in the U.S. Federal jurisdiction and state
jurisdictions. The Company is subject to U.S. Federal, state and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for all periods starting
in 2020. The Company currently is not under examination by any tax authorities. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 spty-20211231_10kex31z1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Jason Wood, Chief Executive Officer, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Specificity, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this annual report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this annual report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant) and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal annual period that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 /s/
 Jason Wood 

Jason
 Wood 

Chief
Executive Officer 
 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 spty-20211231_10kex31z2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Jason Wood, Chief Financial Officer, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Specificity, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this annual report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this annual report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant) and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal annual period that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 /s/
 Jason Wood 

Jason
 Wood 

Chief
Financial Officer 
 (Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 spty-20211231_10kex32z1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual report of Specificity, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jason Wood, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 /s/
 Jason Wood 

Jason
 Wood 

Chief
Executive Officer 
 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 spty-20211231_10kex32z2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual report of Specificity, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jason Wood, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 /s/
 Jason Wood 

Jason
 Wood 

Chief
Financial Officer 
 (Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 spty-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 spty-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 spty-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 spty-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

