<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230203_10-K_edgar_data_1625285_0001683168-23-000530.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1733721</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>57799</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>602386</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>316239</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>293766</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>422761</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-000530.hdr.sgml : 20230203
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230203122550
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-000530
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230203
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230203

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Arma Services Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001625285
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-FACILITIES SUPPORT MANAGEMENT SERVICES [8744]
		IRS NUMBER:				320449388
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-202398
		FILM NUMBER:		23584822

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 140-920
		STREET 2:		7260 WEST AZURE DRIVE
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		657-315-8312

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 140-920
		STREET 2:		7260 WEST AZURE DRIVE
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89130

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-000530.txt : 20230203

10-K
 1
 arma_i10k-103122.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from
 [ ] to [ ] 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of Company as specified in its charter) 

(State of incorporation) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification
 No.) 

, 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(Company s telephone number, including area
code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act: 

 None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act: 

 None 

Indicate by check mark if the Company is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the Company is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the issuer (1)
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the Company was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Company has
submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the Company was required to submit such files). Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of Company s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate by check mark whether the Company is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). No 

The aggregate market value of voting stock held
by non-affiliates of the Company as of the last business day of the Company s most recently complete second fiscal quarter was
 (computed by reference to the closing price of a share of the Company s common stock of 1.00 on that date as reported). 

As of October 31, 2022, shares of
the issuer s common stock were issued and outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated By Reference: None 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 4 
 
 Item IB 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 4 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 4 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 4 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 4 

PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for Company s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 5 
 
 Item 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 6 
 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 6 
 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 8 
 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 8 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 8 
 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 9 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 10 
 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 12 
 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 14 
 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 15 
 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 15 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 16 

SIGNATURES 
 
 17 

2 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this
 Report ), references to the Company, the Company, we, our or us 
refer to ARMA Services, Inc., unless the context otherwise indicates . 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements contained in this report,
including statements regarding our business, financial condition, our intent, belief or current expectations, primarily with respect
to the future operating performance of the Company and other statements contained herein regarding matters that are not historical facts,
are forward-looking statements. You can identify forward-looking statements by those that are not historical in nature, particularly
those that use terminology such as may, will, should, expects, anticipates, 
 contemplates, estimates, believes, plans, projected, predicts, 
 potential, or continue or the negative of these similar terms. Future filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, future press releases and future oral or written statements made by us or with our approval, which are not statements of
historical fact, may contain forward-looking statements. Because such statements include risks and uncertainties, actual results may
differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 

All forward-looking statements speak only as
of the date on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances
that exist after the date on which they are made, except as required by federal securities and any other applicable law. 

Corporate History 

Arma Services,
Inc. was incorporated by our director in the State of Nevada on September 2, 2014. The Company s principal offices are located
7260 W. Azure Dr., Suite 140-928, Las Vegas, NV 89130. 

Our primary business was to be destination management
and event management services initially in the Russian Federation, but with plans at a later stage to spread our business to America
and China. We aimed to provide a full range of services in the field of Meeting, Incentive, Conference, and Exhibition tourism in Russia
for corporate customers from United States, China and Russia. We planned to create a variety of events for domestic and foreign companies,
including; industry conferences and business meetings, dealer conferences for producers, motivational and incentive arrangements for
key employees, and to organize participation in exhibitions and forums. 

The Company abandoned these plans in 2018 and
has been inactive since. 

The Company decided that Mr. Sergey Gandin is to resign from the position of the Director, CEO and CFO of the Company and be appointed
solely as Secretary of Arma Services Inc. The Company and Mr. Gandin are in agreement that these changes are effective from March 26,
2022. These developments do not involve any disagreement on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices
(financial or otherwise). 

The Company appointed Clive Hill, 66, from the United Kingdom to the positions of Director, CEO and CFO of the Company. This appointment
is effective from March 26, 2022. Arma Services Inc, finds that Mr. Hill s credentials qualify him for the positions of the Company.
Mr. Hill possesses over 40 years of business experience and has directed a number of organizations where he led strategic initiatives
and oversaw accounting and financial operations of the management of companies including an event organizing firm. 

3 

On August
17, 2022, the sole existing director and officer resigned immediately. Accordingly, Clive Hill, serving as a director and an officer,
ceased to be the President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and as a Member of the Board of Directors of the Company.
Also on August 17, 2022, B. Maria Teresa Tattersfield, 46, consented to act as a Member of the Board of Directors of the Company, Alberto
Ramirez, 38, consented to act as a Member of the Board of Directors of the Company, Eduardo Piquero, 41, consented to act as a Member
of the Board of Directors of the Company, and Jaime Sanchez Cortina, 57, consented to act as the new President, CEO, CFO, and Member
of the Board of Directors of the Company. 

On January 27, 2023, Jaime Sanchez Cortina, 57,
resigned immediately as CEO, CFO, President and a member of the Board of Directors. Also on January 27, 2023, Eric Nixon, 35, agreed
to be appointed the President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and as a Member of the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Capital Stock 

The Company s capitalization is 75,000,000
common shares with a par value of 0.001 per share. No preferred shares have been authorized or issued. Total shares issued and outstanding
as of October 31, 2022 is 6,240,000. 

Employees 

As of October 31, 2022, other than its CEO, Jaime
Sanchez Cortina , the Company has no employees. On January 27, 2023, Eric Nixon agreed to be appointed the President, Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and as a Member of the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Smaller reporting companies are not required
to provide the information required by this Item 1A. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

The Company does not own any real estate or other
properties and has not entered into any long term lease or rental agreements for property. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

There is no pending legal proceeding to which
the Company is a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than
5 of any class of voting securities of the Company, or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest
adverse to the Company. The Company s property is not the subject of any pending legal proceedings. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

4 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Company s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

On April 28, 2022, a bid and an ask was initially
posted. 

The high and low bid prices of our common stock
following such date is as follows: 

Quarter Ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 April 30, 2022 
 1.00 
 1.00 
 
 July 31, 2022 
 1.00 
 1.00 
 
 October 31, 2022 
 1.00 
 1.00 
 
 January 31, 2023 
 6.00 
 1.00 

The last reported sales price of our common stock
on the OTCMarkets on January 27, 2023, was 4.99. 

Dividend Policy 

We have not declared or paid dividends on our
common stock since our formation, and we do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. Declaration or payment of dividends,
if any, in the future, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our then current financial condition, results
of operations, capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. There are no contractual restrictions
on our ability to declare or pay dividends. 

Holders 

As of October 31, 2022, there were 6,240,000
shares of common stock issued and outstanding, which were held by 29 stockholders of record. 

Equity Compensation Plans 

We do not have any equity compensation plans. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered
Securities 

None. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Small Business Issuer and
Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

5 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

Smaller reporting companies are not required
to provide the information required by this Item 6. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

This Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the
perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect
our future results. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements
and the accompanying notes thereto included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. In addition to historical
financial information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and
assumptions. See Forward-Looking Statements. Our results and the timing of selected events may differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. 

Business Overview 

The Company initially was a provider of destination
management and event management services. 

After the change in control of management, the
Company is currently working to acquire an operating business in the carbon emissions control industry. 

Plan of Operations 

The Company is currently planning to enter the
carbon emissions reduction industry. We are tentatively look for a target company in the industry for acquisition in order to increase
our service scopes. 

Going Concern 

Our auditor has indicated in their reports on
our financial statements for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022, that conditions exist that raise substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern due to our recurring losses from operations, deficit in equity, and the need to raise additional capital
to fund operations. A going concern opinion could impair our ability to finance our operations through the sale of debt
or equity securities. 

Results of Operations 

Fiscal Year Ended October 31, 2022 and Fiscal Year Ended
October 31, 2021 

The company has generated nil and
 nil revenues for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cost of revenues were nil for the fiscal years ended
October 31, 2022, and October 31, 2021. Operating expenses increased to 9,659 for
the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, as compared to 4,192 for the fiscal year ended 2021, both of them are substantially professional
services expenses. We had net loss of 9,659 and 4,192 for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

6 

Capital Resources and Liquidity 

Fiscal Year Ended October 31, 2022 and Fiscal Year Ended
October 31, 2021 

Cash Used in Operating Activities 

For the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company had cash used in operating activities in the amount of 6,598 and 4,082, respectively, which were primarily due to net loss
for the year, prepayment, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 

Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

For the years ended October 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company realized cash provided by financing activities in the amount of 6,598 and 4,092, respectively, which was advances
from our director for working capital purposes. 

As of October 31, 2022, we have cash of 0. As of October
31, 2021, we had cash of 0. 

Our auditors have issued a going concern 
opinion, meaning that there is substantial doubt if we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we obtain
additional capital. No substantial revenues are anticipated until we have implemented our plan of operations. 

The Company requires additional
funding to meet its ongoing obligations and to fund anticipated operating losses. Our auditor has expressed substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on raising capital to
fund its initial business plan and ultimately to attain profitable operations. These financial statements do not include any adjustments
relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result
from this uncertainty. 

We expect to incur marketing and professional
and administrative expenses as well expenses associated with maintaining our filings with the Commission. We will require additional
funds during this time and will seek to raise the necessary additional capital. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may
be required to reduce the scope of our business development activities, which could harm our business plans, financial condition and
operating results. Additional funding may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. The Company intends to continue to fund its
business by way of equity or debt financing and advances from related parties. Any inability to raise capital as needed would have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we cannot raise additional funds, we will have to
cease business operations. As a result, investors in the Company s common stock would lose all of their investment. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

None. 

7 

Item 7A. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not applicable to a smaller reporting company as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

The full text of the Company s financial statements for the
fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, begins on page F- 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements
With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

There have been no changes in or disagreements with accountants
regarding our accounting, financial disclosures or any other matter. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The management of the Company is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as required by Sarbanes- Oxley (SOX) Section 404
A. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Management assessed the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial
reporting established in SEC guidance on conducting such assessments as of the end of the period covered by this report. Management conducted
the assessment based on certain criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting
were not effective as of October 31 , 2022. 

The matters involving internal controls
and procedures that the Company s management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s board
of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (2)
inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; (3) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting
and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (4) ineffective
controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by the
Company s Chief Financial Officer in connection with the review of our financial statements as of October 31, 2022 and communicated
the matters to our management. 

Management believes that the material weaknesses
set forth in items (2), (3) and (4) above did not have an effect on the Company s financial results. However, management believes
that the lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s board of directors,
resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures can result in the
Company s determination to its financial statements for the future years. 

8 

We are committed to improving our financial
organization. As part of this commitment, we will create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase
our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to the Company: (i)
Appointing one or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed to the audit committee of the Company resulting
in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls
and procedures; and ii) Preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists which will set forth procedures for accounting
and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. 

Management believes that the appointment
of one or more outside directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the lack of a functioning
audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s Board. In addition, management believes that preparing
and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists will remedy the following material weaknesses (i) insufficient written policies
and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure
requirements; and (ii) ineffective controls over period end financial close and reporting processes. Further, management believes that
the hiring of additional personnel who have the technical expertise and knowledge will result proper segregation of duties and provide
more checks and balances within the department. Additional personnel will also provide the cross training needed to support the Company
if personnel turn over issues within the department occur. This coupled with the appointment of additional outside directors will greatly
decrease any control and procedure issues the company may encounter in the future. 

We will continue to monitor and evaluate
the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and
are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 

This annual report does not include
an attestation report of the company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

There have been no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a- 15 or
15d- 15 under the Exchange Act that occurred during the small business issuer s last fiscal year that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

We will continue to monitor and evaluate
the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and
are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes that have affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a- 15(f) or 15d-
15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

9 

PART
III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance. 

Our executive officers and director are as follows: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Jaime Sanchez Cortina 
 57 
 Former Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President,
 Secretary and Treasurer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors (resigned January 27, 2023) 
 
 Eric Nixon 
 35 
 Current Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Secretary
 and Treasurer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors (appointed January 27, 2023) 
 
 Maria Teresa Tattersfield Yarza 
 46 
 Director 
 
 Alberto Ramirez 
 38 
 Director 
 
 Eduardo Piquero 
 41 
 Director 

Jaime Sanchez Cortina,
57, Former Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Secretary and Treasurer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors
(resigned January 27, 2023). 

Jamie has over a decade of experience in financial
management and strategic planning. He played a key role in developing six start-ups in Latin America and has been part of five private
equity and venture capital funds, investing in over 30 companies, in which the best IRR of one investment reached 218 . 

Mr. Sanchez Cortina manages the portfolio of
E Capital Mexico Venture Capital Funds, a venture capital organization with nine early stage investments in the fintech, technology,
environmental, and auto part sectors. Prior to that, Jaime a Director at Abraaj Group in the Mexico office, managing a portfolio of over
US 170 M. Before that he structured and developed the strategy of the Mexican Government Venture Capital Fund of Funds, Mexico Ventures
I, a Venture Capital Fund of Funds co-managed with Sun Mountain Capital and GreenSpring Associates. 

Eric Nixon, 35, CEO, CFO, President, and
Director 

For over two decades, Eric has worked in the
electrical technology sector, bringing multiple renewable energy projects to life and striving for a carbon neutral society. He
has worked alongside Conestoga College to educate the public on reducing energy consumption and researching new technologies to help
reduce the carbon footprint. 

Eric has also dedicated years of volunteer work
to helping the homeless and the most vulnerable, ensuring they receive the proper help and medical treatment. He has the skills and experience
to take on projects in the residential, commercial, industrial, technology sectors and emergency response services when needed. 

Maria Teresa Tattersfield
Yarza , 46 , Director 

Teresa is the Co-Founder
of Bret Consultores. She holds a degree in International Relations with a Master's Degree in Environmental Policy and Management, an
Specialization in Sustainable Development (LEAD program from the Colegio de M xico) and Energy Efficiency and Environment at FLACSO.
She is currently the forest carbon Manager of WRI Mexico, responsible for coordinating the execution of CO2munitario. She is a specialist
in the design and development of methodologies and protocols that have been implemented in Mexico for the sale of offsets in the international
market. 

During the previous
six years, she oversaw the Program of Natural Solutions at Tec de Monterrey University and was an advisor to the Neutral zate
Program of Pronatura M xico. She has been part of the special team of advisers in sustainable development and climate change for
the Foreign Ministry of the British Commonwealth Government. She has been responsible for the elaboration of strategies that combine
the efforts of local and federal governments in the development of international initiatives such as Methane to Markets. In her work
at the Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources, she coordinated initiatives such as the restoration of the Lerma Chapala Basin. 

10 

Alberto Ram rez ,
 38, Director 

Alberto has collaborated
as a consultant for entities such as CONAFOR, PROBOSQUE; SEDEMA; WWF Mexico; Climate Action Reserve (CAR); PRONATURE; ClimateSeed, among
others, for the development and feasibility assessment of forestry carbon capture projects. He has experience as a verifier in compliance
with forest regulations on sustainability with an emphasis on biodiversity and social aspects. He was the first Mexican verifier accredited
by CAR and has participated in the review and proposal of GHG removal quantification protocols; such as CAR s Forest Protocol for
Mexico v.2.0. His main activities focus on the sustainable management of natural resources through the participation of rural communities.
Alberto is a Biologist, graduated from the Faculty of Higher Studies Iztacala of the UNAM. 

Alberto is currently
the Forest Carbon Coordinator at WRI Mexico. Alberto is responsible for coordinating carbon capture forestry projects; through capacity
building in communities; linking of forest communities at the national level; and for providing advice on inventories, monitoring, reporting
and verification. 

Eduardo Piquero,
41, Director 

CEO M XICO2;
Eduardo has more than 15 years of experience in international and national carbon pricing instruments and policies. He is currently the
CEO of M XICO2, where he oversees the development of environmental markets, including carbon markets, clean energy certificates
and green bonds. 

He also led the development
of the simulation exercise of a Mexican Emissions Trading System (SCE) in collaboration with the Ministry of Environment of Mexico (SEMARNAT)
as a preparation for the country s regulated emissions scheme, with the participation of more than 90 companies. Furthermore, he
participated in the creation of a secondary market for Clean Energy Certificates (CEL), which supports the Mexican Wholesale Electricity
Market (MEM). In addition to his work in Mexico, Eduardo has focused on developing projects to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and has
designed climate change projects in several countries in Latin America, Asia, and Africa. 

Eduardo has been a speaker
at conferences and events related to climate change and climate finance. He was also a member of the Green Finance Working Group of the
United Nations at the Initiative for Sustainable Stock Exchanges. Further, since 2021 is member of the board of the Climate Action Reserve,
and in 2022 was selected as one of the 30 most sustainable minds in Mexico, by Forbes. 

Director Independence 

No members of our board of directors is qualifies
as independent directors in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition
includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees
and that neither the director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition,
our board of directors has not made a subjective determination as to each director that no relationship exists which, in the opinion
of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director,
though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors made these determinations, our board
of directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director s business
and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. 

Involvement in Legal Proceedings 

To our knowledge, there have been
no material legal proceedings during the last ten years that would require disclosure under the federal securities laws that are material
to an evaluation of the ability or integrity of any of our directors or executive officers. 

Potential Conflicts of Interest 

None. 

11 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Summary Compensation Table 

ARMA Services, Inc. has made no provisions
for paying cash or non-cash compensation to its officers and directors. No salaries are being paid at the present time, and none will
be paid unless and until our operations generate sufficient cash flows. 

The table below summarizes all
compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named executive officer for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the
years ended October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021. 

Summary Compensation
of Named Executive Officers 

Name and Principal
 Position 
 Fiscal
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Jaime Sanchez Cortina 
 
 2022 

(Former Chief Executive Officer) 
 2021 

Eric Nixon 
 2022 

(Chief Executive Officer) 
 2021 

Mr. Nixon was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer on January 27, 2023. 

Mr. Jaime Sanchez Cortina resigned all his positions on
January 23, 2023. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

We did not pay any salaries in
2022 or 2021. None of our executive officers received any equity awards, including, options, restricted awards stock, performance or
other equity incentives during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021. 

Employment Contracts 

The Company has not entered into any employment agreements
with its officer and director. 

Stock Awards Plan 

The Company has not adopted a Stock Awards Plan but may
do so in the future. The terms of any such plan have not been determined. 

12 

Director Compensation 

The Board of Directors of the Company
has not adopted a stock option plan. The Company has no plans to adopt it but may choose to do so in the future. If such a plan is adopted,
this may be administered by the board or a committee appointed by the board (the Committee ). The committee would have the
power to modify, extend or renew outstanding options and to authorize the grant of new options in substitution therefore, provided that
any such action may not impair any rights under any option previously granted. ARMA Services Inc. may develop an incentive-based stock
option plan for its officers and directors and may reserve up to 10 of its outstanding shares of common stock for that purpose. 

The table below summarizes all compensation awarded
to, earned by, or paid to our directors for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the periods ending October 31, 2022 and
2021. 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

Name 
 Fees 
 Earned 
 or 
 Paid in 
 Cash 
 ) 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Non-Qualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 ) 
 All 
 Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Eric Nixon 

Jaime Sanchez Cortina 

Maria Teresa Tattersfield Yarza 

Alberto Ram rez 

Eduardo Piquero 

Eric Nixon was appointed as Director on January 27, 2023. 

 Jaime Sanchez Cortina resigned all his positions
on January 27, 2023. 

 Maria Teresa Tattersfield Yarza, Alberto Ram rez, and Eduardo Piquero were appointed on August 17, 2022. 

Board Committees 

We have not formed an Audit Committee, Compensation Committee
or Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee as of the filing of this Annual Report. Our Board of Directors performs the principal
functions of an Audit Committee. We currently do not have an audit committee financial expert on our Board of Directors. We believe that
an audit committee financial expert is not required because the cost of hiring an audit committee financial expert to act as one of our
directors and to be a member of an Audit Committee outweighs the benefits of having an audit committee financial expert at this time. 

13 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth certain information
with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities by (i) each director and named executive officer, (ii) all executive
officers and directors as a group; and (iii) each shareholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of the outstanding common
stock of the Company as of October 31, 2022. 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules of the SEC. Generally, a person is considered to beneficially own securities: (i) over which such person, directly or
indirectly, exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, and (ii) of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership
at any time within 60 days (such as through exercise of stock options or warrants). For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding
shares held by each person or group of persons, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of October
31, 2022 are deemed to be outstanding, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of
any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. 

Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Common Stock (2) 
 
 Name and Address of
 Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 
 Percentage 
 Ownership 
 of shares of 
 Common 
 Stock 

Eric Nixon 
 0 
 0 

Jaime Sanchez Cortina 
 0 
 0 

Maria Teresa Tattersfield Yarza 
 0 
 0 

Alberto Ram rez 
 0 
 0 

Eduardo Piquero 
 0 
 0 

All officers and directors as a group (4 people) 
 0 
 0 

Ruslan Mishin 
 Wilkina st. 15-5 
 Vakhrushevo, Ukraine 9456 
 4,000,000 
 64 

(1) The address of each beneficial
owner is c/o ARMA Services Inc., Suite 140-920 7260 West Azure Drive, Las Vegas, Nevada 89130 (2) 
 
 (2) Based on 6,240,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding
 as of October 31, 2022. 

14 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Except as set forth below, we had
not entered into any transactions with our officers or directors, or persons nominated for these positions, beneficial owners of 5 or
more of our common stock, or family members of these persons wherein the amount involved in the transaction or a series of similar transactions
exceeded the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets for the last three fiscal years. 

Transactions with Related Persons 

As of October 31, 2022, the Company had a loan outstanding with Mr.
Sergey Gandin, former CEO and director in the amount of 27,248 compared to 20,650 as of October 31, 2021. The loan is non-interest
bearing, due upon demand, and unsecured. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

Fees paid to Auditors 

Audit Fees 

During fiscal years ended October 31, 2022
and 2021, we incurred approximately 5,000 and 5,000 respectively, in fees to our principal independent accountants for professional
services rendered in connection with the audit of our October 31, 2022 and 2021 financial statements and for the reviews of our financial
statements for the quarters ended during such periods. 

The SEC requires that before our independent
registered public accounting firm is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit related service, the engagement be either:
(i) approved by our Audit Committee or (ii) entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the Audit Committee,
provided that the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service, the Audit Committee is informed of each service,
and such policies and procedures do not include delegation of the Audit Committee s responsibilities to management. 

We do not have an Audit Committee. Our Board
pre-approves all services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

15 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement
Schedules. 

Please see the Exhibit Index, 
which is incorporated herein by reference, following the signature page for a list of our exhibits. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 31 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 Certifications pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 Certifications pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear
 in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in inline XBRL, and included
 in exhibit 101). 

16 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

ARMA SERVICES , INC. 

Dated: February 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Eric Nixon 

Name: 
 Eric Nixon 

Title: 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief 
 Financial Officer and Secretary and Director 
 (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated. 

Dated: February 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Eric Nixon 

Name: 
 Eric Nixon 

Title: 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief 
 Financial Officer and Secretary and as a director 
 (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

17 

INDEX TO AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID 
 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2022, and 2021 
 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended October 31, 2022, and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended October 31, 2022, and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Notes to Audited Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors
of Arma Services Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Arma Services Inc. the Company as of October 31, 2022 the related statements of operations, stockholder's equity, and
cash flows, for the period ended October 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October
31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period ended October 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. The financial statement of Arma Services Inc. As of October 31, 2021, were audited
by other auditors whose report dated December 27, 2021 expressed an unqualify opinion on those statement. 

Material Uncertainty Relating to Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 4 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses and had not yet established a reliable, consistent, and proven source of revenue to meet its operating costs
on an ongoing basis and currently does not have sufficient available funding to fully implement its business plan. These factors raise
substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters were also not described
in the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 

Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

(Chartered Accountants) 

We have served as the Company's auditor since January 2023. 

 January 26 th , 2023. 

F- 2 

ARMA SERVICES, INC. 

 Balance Sheets (Audited) 

 As of October 31, 2022, and 2021 

October 31, 2022 
 October 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Total Current Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Loan from director 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock, par value ; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at October 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 3 

ARMA SERVICES, INC. 

 Statements of Operations (Audited) 

 For the years ended October 31, 2022, and 2021 

Year ended October 31, 2022 
 Year ended October 31, 2021 

REVENUES 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Professional Fees 

Bank Service Charges 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

NET LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

NET LOSS 

NET LOSS PER SHARE: BASIC AND DILUTED 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING: BASIC AND DILUTED 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 4 

ARMA SERVICES, INC. 

 Statement of Stockholder s Equity (Audited) 

 For the Years Ended October 31, 2022, and 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance, October 31, 2020 

Net loss for the year ended October 31, 2021 

Balance, October 31, 2021 

Net loss for the year ended October 31, 2022 

Balance, October 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 5 

ARMA SERVICES, INC. 

 Statement of Cash Flows (Audited) 

 For the Years Ended October 31, 2022, and 2021 

Year ended October 31, 2022 
 Year ended October 31, 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss for the year 

Adjustment for non-cash item 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable 

Cash flows provided by/ (used in) operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Cash flows provided by/ (used in) investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Loan from director 

Cash flows provided by/ (used in) financing activities 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 6 

ARMA SERVICES, INC. 

 NOTES TO THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 October 31, 2022, and 2021 

of cash as of October 31, 2022. 

t granted any stock options. 

such common stock equivalents
outstanding as of October 31, 2022 and 2021. In loss years common stock equivalents would not be included as they would be anti-dilutive. 

.
As of October 31, 2022, and 2021 the loan is non-interest bearing, due upon demand and unsecured. 

, par value shares
of common stock authorized. As of October 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had shares issued and outstanding. 

. 

The Company s officers and director provide
services and office space to the Company without compensation. The Company has entered into vendor agreements with Proekta LLC and Gazetny
LLC, which are entities related to officers of the Company. During the year, company had not transacted any business with the related
entities. 

that may be available to reduce future years taxable income in varying amounts through
2037. Future tax benefits which may arise as a result of these losses have not been recognized in these financial statements, as their
realization is determined not likely to occur and accordingly, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance for the deferred tax asset
relating to these tax loss carryforwards. The provision for Federal income tax consists of the following: 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net provision for Federal income taxes 

The cumulative tax effect at the expected rate of 21 of significant
items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows: 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

Due to the change in ownership provisions of the
Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards of approximately 68,204 for Federal income tax reporting purposes are subject
to annual limitations. Should a change in ownership occur net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to use in future years. 

F- 10 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 arma_ex2301.htm
 CONSENT

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
The Shareholders and Board of Directors of Arma Services Inc 

We consent
to the inclusion in the Form 10-K of Arma Services Inc . of our report
dated January 26th, 2023, with respect to the audited balance sheets and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity,
and cashflows for the year ended October 31, 2022. 

/S/ Olayinka Oyebola 

 OLAYINKA OYEBOLA CO 

 Chartered Accountant 

PCAOB No:5968 

 Lagos, Nigeria 

 February 3rd, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 arma_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING
OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Eric Nixon, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ARMA Services, Inc. (the Registrant ): 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures; and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Eric Nixon 

Eric Nixon 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting
 Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 arma_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U. S. C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of ARMA Services,
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2022 (the Report ), I, Eric Nixon, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: February 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Eric Nixon 

Eric Nixon 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 arma_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U. S. C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of ARMA Services,
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2022 (the Report ), I, Eric Nixon, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: February 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Eric Nixon 

Eric Nixon 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 arma-20221031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 arma-20221031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 arma-20221031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 arma-20221031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

