<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230221_10-K_edgar_data_1689796_0001558370-23-001639.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22757621</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>505712</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2601643</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8860850</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3626160</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6528440</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-001639.hdr.sgml : 20230221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230221162111
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-001639
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		130
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JBG SMITH Properties
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001689796
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				814307010
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37994
		FILM NUMBER:		23648495

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4747 BETHESDA AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		240-333-3600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4747 BETHESDA AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vornado DC Spinco
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161109

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-001639.txt : 20230221

10-K
 1
 jbgs-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ Commission file number 

 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Zip Code) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b- 2 of the Exchange Act) Yes No As of February 14, 2023, JBG SMITH Properties had common shares outstanding. As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately billion based on the June 30, 2022 closing share price of per share on the New York Stock Exchange. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Part III incorporates by reference information from certain portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates. 

Table of Contents 
 JBG SMITH PROPERTIES ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 TABLE OF CONTENTS 9 

Page Definitions 3 PART I Item 1. Business 8 Item 1A. Risk Factors 19 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 35 Item 2. Properties 36 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 40 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 40 PART II Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 40 Item 6. [Reserved] 42 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 42 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 62 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 64 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 113 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 113 Item 9B. Other Information 115 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 136 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 137 Item 11. Executive Compensation 137 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 137 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 137 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 137 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 138 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 146 Signatures 147 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 DEFINITIONS Defined terms used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 2000/2001 South Bell Street refers to 2000 South Bell Street and 2001 South Bell Street, an under-construction multifamily asset. ADA means the Americans with Disabilities Act. Amazon refers to Amazon.com, Inc. Annualized rent means: (i) for commercial assets, or the retail component of a mixed-use asset, the in-place monthly base rent before free rent, plus tenant reimbursements as of December 31, 2022, multiplied by 12 and (ii) for multifamily assets, or the multifamily component of a mixed-use asset, the in-place monthly base rent before free rent as of December 31, 2022, multiplied by 12. Annualized rent excludes rent from leases that have been signed but have not yet taken occupancy (not yet included in percent occupied metrics). The in-place monthly base rent does not take into consideration temporary rent relief arrangements. At JBG SMITH Share and Our share refer to our ownership percentage of consolidated and unconsolidated assets in real estate ventures, but exclude our: (i) 10.0 subordinated interest in one commercial building, (ii) 33.5 subordinated interest in four commercial buildings and (iii) 49.0 interest in three commercial buildings, as well as the associated non-recourse mortgage loans, held through unconsolidated real estate ventures; these interests and debt are excluded because our investment in each real estate venture is zero, we do not anticipate receiving any near-term cash flow distributions from the real estate ventures and we have not guaranteed their obligations or otherwise committed to providing financial support. BOMA means Building Owners and Managers Association International. CBRS means the Citizens Broadband Radio Service. Code refers to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. CODM means our Chief Operating Decision Maker. Combination refers to our acquisition of the management business and certain assets and liabilities of JBG. COVID-19 refers to the novel coronavirus pandemic. D I means diversity and inclusion. Development pipeline refers to assets that have the potential to commence construction subject to receipt of full entitlements, completion of design and market conditions where we (i) own land or control the land through a ground lease or (ii) are under a long-term conditional contract to purchase, or enter into, a leasehold interest with respect to land. ESG means environmental, social and governance. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Estimated potential development density reflects management s estimate of developable gross square feet based on our current business plans with respect to real estate owned or controlled as of December 31, 2022. Our current business plans may contemplate development of less than the maximum potential development density for individual assets. As market conditions change, our business plans, and therefore, the estimated potential development density, could change accordingly. Given timing, zoning requirements and other factors, we make no assurance that estimated potential development density amounts will become actual density to the extent we complete development of assets for which we have made such estimates. Exchange Act refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. FATCA means the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. FATCA withholding refers to a FATCA withholding tax. FIRPTA means the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act of 1980, as amended. Formation Transaction refers to the Separation and the Combination. Free rent means the amount of base rent and tenant reimbursements that are abated according to the applicable lease agreement s). FFO means funds from operations, a non-GAAP financial measure computed in accordance with the definition established by Nareit in the Nareit FFO White Paper - 2018 Restatement. See Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-FFO for further discussion. GAAP means accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. GSA means the General Services Administration, the independent U.S. federal government agency that manages real estate procurement for the federal government and federal agencies. GRESB refers to the Global ESG Benchmark for Real Estate Assets. In-service refers to commercial or multifamily operating assets that are at or above 90 leased or have been operating and collecting rent for more than 12 months as of December 31, 2022. IRS means the Internal Revenue Service. ISO means the International Organization for Standardization. JBG refers to The JBG Companies. JBG Legacy Funds refers to the legacy funds formerly organized by The JBG Companies. JBG SMITH refers to JBG SMITH Properties together with its consolidated subsidiaries. JBG SMITH LP refers to JBG SMITH Properties LP, our operating partnership, together with its consolidated subsidiaries. JBG Excluded Assets refers to the assets of the JBG Legacy Funds that were not contributed to JBG SMITH LP in the Combination. LIBOR means the London Interbank Offered Rate. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 LTIP Units means long-term incentive partnership units. Metro is the public transportation network serving the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area operated by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority. Metro-served are locations, submarkets or assets that are within walking distance of a Metro station, defined as being within 0.5 miles of an existing or planned Metro station . MGCL means the Maryland General Corporation Law. MTA means the Master Transaction Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2016, by and among Vornado, certain affiliates of Vornado, JBG SMITH and certain affiliates of JBG SMITH, as amended. Nareit means the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts. NAV refers to net asset value. NOI means net operating income, a non-GAAP financial measure management uses to assess an asset s performance. The most directly comparable GAAP measure is net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders. We use NOI internally as a performance measure and believe NOI provides useful information to investors regarding our financial condition and results of operations because it reflects only property related revenue (which includes base rent, tenant reimbursements and other operating revenue, net of free rent and payments associated with assumed lease liabilities) less operating expenses and ground rent for operating leases, if applicable. NOI also excludes deferred rent, related party management fees, interest expense, and certain other non-cash adjustments, including the accretion of acquired below-market leases and amortization of acquired above-market leases and below-market ground lease intangibles. Management uses NOI as a supplemental performance measure of our assets and believes it provides useful information to investors because it reflects only those revenue and expense items that are incurred at the asset level, excluding non-cash items. In addition, NOI is considered by many in the real estate industry to be a useful starting point for determining the value of a real estate asset or group of assets. However, because NOI excludes depreciation and amortization expense and captures neither the changes in the value of our assets that result from use or market conditions, nor the level of capital expenditures and capitalized leasing commissions necessary to maintain the operating performance of our assets, all of which have real economic effect and could materially impact the financial performance of our assets, the utility of NOI as a measure of the operating performance of our assets is limited. NOI presented by us may not be comparable to NOI reported by other REITs that define these measures differently. We believe that to facilitate a clear understanding of our operating results, NOI should be examined in conjunction with net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders as presented in our consolidated financial statements. NOI should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders as an indication of our performance or to cash flows as a measure of liquidity or our ability to make distributions. Annualized NOI means the NOI from the specified quarterly period multiplied by four. NYSE means the New York Stock Exchange. Non-same store refers to all operating assets excluded from the same store pool. OP Units refers to JBG SMITH LP common limited partnership units. Percent leased is based on leases signed as of December 31, 2022, and is calculated as total rentable square feet less rentable square feet available for lease divided by total rentable square feet expressed as a percentage. Out-of-service square feet are excluded from this calculation. Percent occupied is based on occupied rentable square feet/units as of December 31, 2022, and is calculated as: (i) for office and retail space, total rentable square feet less unoccupied square feet divided by total rentable square feet, and (ii) for multifamily space, total units less unoccupied units divided by total units, expressed as a percentage. Out-of-service square feet and units are excluded from this calculation. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 QRS means qualified real estate investment trust subsidiaries. RCP means representative concentration pathway. REC means renewable energy credit. REIT means a real estate investment trust under Section 856 through 860 of the Code. REMIC means a real estate mortgage investment conduit. Same store refers to the pool of assets that were in-service for the entirety of both periods being compared, except for assets for which significant redevelopment, renovation, or repositioning occurred during either of the periods being compared. SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission. Separation refers to the spin-off transaction on July 17, 2017 through which we received substantially all the assets and liabilities of Vornado s Washington, D.C. segment. Separation Agreement refers to the Separation and Distribution Agreement. Signed but not yet commenced leases means leases for assets in our portfolio that, as of December 31, 2022, have been executed but for which no rental payments had yet been charged to the tenant. SOFR means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate. Square feet SF refers to the area that can be rented to tenants, defined as: (i) for commercial assets, rentable square footage defined in the current lease and for vacant space the rentable square footage defined in the previous lease for that space, (ii) for multifamily assets, management s estimate of approximate rentable square feet, (iii) for under-construction assets, management s estimate of approximate rentable square feet based on current design plans as of December 31, 2022, and (iv) for assets in the development pipeline, management s estimate of developable gross square feet based on current business plans with respect to real estate owned or controlled as of December 31, 2022. STEM means science, technology, engineering and mathematics. Tax Matters Agreement refers to an agreement with Vornado regarding tax matters. TCFD means Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures. TIN means taxpayer identification number. TMP means taxable mortgage pool. Total annualized estimated rent represents contractual monthly base rent before free rent, plus estimated tenant reimbursements for the month in which the lease is expected to commence, multiplied by 12. Tranche A-1 Term Loan refers to the 200.0 million unsecured term loan maturing in January 2025. Tranche A-2 Term Loan refers to the 400.0 million unsecured term loan maturing in January 2028, of which 50.0 million remains available to be borrowed until July 2023. Transaction and other costs include pursuit costs related to completed, potential and pursued transactions, demolition costs, integration and severance costs, and other expenses. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 TRS refers to taxable REIT subsidiaries. Under-construction refers to assets that were under construction during the three months ended December 31, 2022. USD-LIBOR refers to LIBOR as calculated for U.S. dollar. Vornado means Vornado Realty Trust, a Maryland REIT. WHI means the Washington Housing Initiative which includes the WHI Impact Pool, a financing vehicle which we manage on behalf of third-party investors. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS The Company JBG SMITH, a Maryland REIT, owns and operates a portfolio of commercial and multifamily assets amenitized with ancillary retail. JBG SMITH s portfolio reflects its longstanding strategy of owning and operating assets within Metro-served submarkets in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area with high barriers to entry and vibrant urban amenities. Approximately two-thirds of our portfolio is in National Landing, which is anchored by four key demand drivers: Amazon s new headquarters, which is being developed by us; Virginia Tech s under-construction 1 billion Innovation Campus; the submarket s proximity to the Pentagon; and our deployment of next-generation public and private 5G digital infrastructure. In addition, our third-party asset management and real estate services business provides fee-based real estate services to the WHI, the JBG Legacy Funds and other third parties. Substantially all our assets are held by, and our operations are conducted through, JBG SMITH LP. As of December 31, 2022, JBG SMITH, as its sole general partner, controlled JBG SMITH LP and owned 88.3 of its OP Units, after giving effect to the conversion of certain vested LTIP Units that are convertible into OP Units. JBG SMITH is referred to herein as we, us, our or other similar terms. As of December 31, 2022, our Operating Portfolio consisted of 51 operating assets comprising 31 commercial assets totaling 9.7 million square feet (8.4 million square feet at our share), 18 multifamily assets totaling 6,756 units (6,755 units at our share) and two wholly owned land assets for which we are the ground lessor. Additionally, we have two under-construction multifamily assets with 1,583 units (1,583 units at our share) and 20 assets in the development pipeline totaling 12.5 million square feet (9.7 million square feet at our share) of estimated potential development density. We present combined portfolio operating data that aggregates assets we consolidate in our consolidated financial statements and assets in which we own an interest, but do not consolidate in our financial results. For additional information regarding our assets, see Item 2 Properties. Certain terms used throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K are defined under Definitions starting on page 3. Our Strategy We own and operate urban mixed-use properties concentrated in what we believe are the highest growth, Metro-served submarkets in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area, including National Landing, that have significant barriers to entry and key urban amenities. We have significant expertise with multifamily, office and retail assets. We believe that we are known for our creative deal-making and capital allocation skills and for our development and value creation expertise. We intend to continue to opportunistically sell or recapitalize assets as well as land sites where a ground lease or joint venture execution may represent the most attractive path to maximizing value. Recycling the proceeds from these sales will not only fund our planned growth through value-added development and acquisitions, but will also further advance the strategic shift in the composition of our portfolio to majority multifamily, with an office portfolio concentrated in National Landing. One of our approaches to value creation uses a series of complementary disciplines through a process we call Placemaking. Placemaking involves strategically mixing high-quality multifamily and commercial buildings with anchor, specialty and neighborhood retail in a high density, thoughtfully planned and designed public space. Through this process, we create synergies, and thus value, across those varied uses leading to unique, amenity-rich, walkable neighborhoods that are desirable and enhance tenant and investor demand. We believe our Placemaking approach will increase occupancy and rental rates in our portfolio, in particular with respect to our concentrated and extensive land and operating asset holdings in National Landing, the location of Amazon s second headquarters and Virginia Tech s currently under construction 1 billion Innovation Campus. National Landing, situated in Northern Virginia directly across the Potomac River from Washington, D.C., is the interconnected and walkable neighborhood that encompasses Crystal City, the eastern portion of Pentagon City and the northern portion of Potomac Yard. We believe National Landing is one of the region s best-located urban mixed-use communities due to its central and easily accessible location, its adjacency to Reagan National Airport, and its large base of existing offices, apartments and hotels. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 We are repositioning our holdings in National Landing by executing a broad array of Placemaking strategies, including the delivery of new multifamily and office developments, locally sourced amenity retail, and thoughtful improvements to the streetscape, sidewalks, parks and other outdoor gathering spaces. Utilizing our Placemaking expertise, each new project is intended to contribute to authentic and distinct neighborhoods by creating a vibrant street environment with robust retail offerings and other amenities, including improved public spaces. Additionally, the cutting-edge digital infrastructure investments we are making in National Landing, including the CBRS wireless spectrum we own and agreements with AT T and Federated Wireless, are advancing our efforts to make National Landing among the first 5G-operable submarkets in the nation, as discussed below. Amazon s new headquarters is located in National Landing. We currently have leases with Amazon totaling 1.0 million square feet across six office buildings in National Landing. We sold Amazon two of our National Landing development sites, Metropolitan Park and Pen Place. We are the developer, property manager and retail leasing agent for Amazon s new headquarters at National Landing. We are currently constructing two new office buildings for Amazon on Metropolitan Park, totaling 2.1 million square feet, inclusive of approximately 50,000 square feet of street-level retail with new shops and restaurants. We expect to deliver Metropolitan Park and Amazon to occupy it this summer. In connection with Amazon s new headquarters in National Landing, the Commonwealth of Virginia agreed to provide tax incentives to Amazon to create a minimum of 25,000 new full-time jobs and potentially 37,850 full-time jobs in National Landing with average annual wage targets for each calendar year, starting with 150,000 in 2019, and escalating 1.5 per year. We, alongside Amazon, Virginia Tech, and federal, state, and local governments plan to invest more than 12.4 billion, including infrastructure investments, that will directly benefit National Landing. The infrastructure investments include: two new Metro entrances (Crystal Drive and Potomac Yard); a pedestrian bridge to Reagan National Airport; a new commuter rail station located between two of our Crystal Drive office assets; lowering of elevated sections of U.S. Route 1 that currently divide parts of National Landing to create better multimodal access and walkability; funding for the innovation campus anchored by Virginia Tech; and Long Bridge, the planned two-track rail connection between Washington, D.C. and National Landing . In the fall of 2020, Virginia Tech virtually launched the inaugural academic year of its 1 billion Innovation Campus in National Landing, which is under construction. This expected powerful demand driver sits adjacent to 2.0 million square feet of development density we own in National Landing and a new, under-construction Potomac Yard Metro station (scheduled to open this summer), all approximately one mile south of Amazon s new headquarters. The campus is part of a 20-acre innovation district, of which the fully entitled first phase encompasses approximately 1.6 million square feet of space, including four office towers and two residential buildings, with ground-level retail. On this campus, Virginia Tech intends to create an innovation ecosystem by co-locating academic and private sector uses to accelerate research and development spending, as well as the commercialization of technology. When the Innovation Campus is fully operational, Virginia Tech plans to annually graduate approximately 750 master students and 150 PhD students in STEM fields. Virginia Tech is expected to occupy 675,000 square feet in the Innovation Campus. The following are key components of our strategy: Capitalize on Significant Demand Catalysts in National Landing. We believe the strong technology sector tailwinds created by Amazon, the Virginia Tech Innovation Campus, the Pentagon and our National Landing digital infrastructure initiative will contribute to substantial growth from our Operating Portfolio and our 6.6 million square foot development pipeline in National Landing. Approximately two-thirds of our portfolio is located in National Landing where Amazon is incentivized to employ a minimum of 25,000 new full-time jobs and potentially 37,850 planned employees, and Virginia Tech s 1 billion Innovation Campus is under construction. Given National Landing s proximity to the Pentagon, recent historic increases in the U.S. defense budget and robust foreign defense spending, National Landing is positioned to capture growing defense demand, particularly as tech and defense are increasingly intertwined. Evidencing this point, in 2022, Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc., a large defense contractor responsible for building a majority of the U.S. Navy fleet, leased significant space from us in National Landing. Two other large defense contractors The Boeing Company and Raytheon Technologies Corporation have also announced their global headquarter relocations to the National Landing area. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 We believe our investment in next-generation connectivity infrastructure such as dense, redundant, and secure fiber networks, data center access, and world-class 5G connectivity, will be a key advantage in continuing to attract companies to National Landing. We have secured access to multiple blocks for between 30 and 40 megahertz of licensed CBRS wireless spectrum to support 5G broadband communications for the geographic license areas stretching across National Landing. In addition to other investments that we are making in the submarket, we believe this investment in CBRS spectrum and agreements with AT T and Federated Wireless will allow us to control the process of attracting and partnering with best-in-class service providers, making National Landing among the first 5G-operable submarkets in the nation. This digital infrastructure will also provide us with valuable tenant inducement tools, such as the ability to offer ubiquitous and redundant fiber connectivity and 5G private cellular networks. These features are increasingly important to technology companies, especially innovators in cybersecurity, internet of things, artificial intelligence and cloud computing. In addition to our Primary Focus on National Landing, Invest in and Operate Mixed-Use Assets in Other High-Growth, Metro-Served Submarkets in the Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Area. We intend to continue our longstanding strategy of owning and operating urban mixed-use properties concentrated in what we believe are the highest growth, Metro-served submarkets in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area with high barriers to entry and vibrant urban amenities. In addition to National Landing, these submarkets include the Rosslyn-Ballston Corridor in Northern Virginia; the Ballpark, U Street/Shaw, and Union Market, in the District of Columbia; and Bethesda in Maryland. These submarkets generally feature strong economic and demographic attributes, as well as superior transportation infrastructure that caters to the preferences of multifamily, office and retail tenants. We believe these positive attributes will enable our assets located in these high-growth submarkets to outperform the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area as a whole. Drive Incremental Growth Through Lease-up and Stabilization of Our Operating Assets, and Deliver Our Under-Construction Assets. Given our leasing capabilities and tenant demand for high-quality space in our submarkets, we believe that we are well-positioned to achieve significant internal growth from the lease-up of vacant space in our in-service Operating Portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, we had 31 operating commercial assets totaling 9.7 million square feet (8.4 million square feet at our share), which were 88.5 leased at our share, resulting in 939,000 square feet available for lease. As of December 31, 2022, we had 18 multifamily assets totaling 6,756 units (6,755 units at our share), which were 94.5 leased at our share. In addition to portfolio lease-up, we expect increases in NOI from: (i) the commencement of signed but not yet commenced leases 16.4 million total annualized estimated rent as of December 31, 2022, of which 9.8 million is expected in 2023) and (ii) contractual rent escalators in our non-GSA office and retail leases, which are based on increases in the Consumer Price Index or a fixed percentage. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,583 multifamily units under construction in National Landing across two projects (4 buildings): 1900 Crystal Drive and 2000/2001 South Bell Street. Based on our current plans and estimates, these assets will require an additional 403.5 million to complete. We have one multifamily asset in its initial lease up, 8001 Woodmont, which was delivered in the second quarter of 2021 and was 81.1 occupied as of December 31, 2022. Monetize Our Significant Development Pipeline. We expect our pipeline of ground-up development opportunities will produce favorable risk-adjusted returns on invested capital. As of December 31, 2022, our development pipeline consists of 20 assets, and we estimate it can support 12.5 million square feet (9.7 million square feet at our share) of estimated potential development density: 83.1 of this potential development density comprises multifamily projects located in the high-growth submarkets of National Landing, the Ballpark, and Union Market/NoMa/H Street; and 100.0 of this potential development density is Metro-served. We expect five of these multifamily projects to deliver 4,105 units within a half mile of Amazon s new headquarters. We intend to invest in multifamily development as market demand evolves, matching delivery dates with Amazon s expected job growth in National Landing, and in new office development subject to preleasing. While we expect these opportunities to be entitled over the next 24 months, construction remains subject to completion of design, market conditions and our rigorous return requirements. The estimated potential development densities and uses reflect our current business plans as of December 31, 2022 and are subject to change based on market conditions. In addition to developing select assets in this pipeline, we expect to unlock value through opportunistic asset sales, ground leases and recapitalizations. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Actively Allocate our Capital, Reposition Our Portfolio to Majority Multifamily and Concentrate our Office Portfolio in National Landing. A fundamental component of our strategy to maximize long-term NAV per share is active capital allocation. We evaluate development, acquisition, disposition, share repurchase and other investment decisions based on how they may impact long-term NAV per share. We intend to continue to opportunistically sell or recapitalize assets as well as land sites where a ground lease or joint venture execution may represent the most attractive path to maximizing value. Successful execution of our capital allocation strategy enables us to source capital at NAV from the disposition of assets generating low cash yields and invest those proceeds in new acquisitions with higher cash yields and growth, as well as in development projects with significant yield spreads and profit potential. We view this strategy as a key tool to source capital. Consequently, at any given time, we expect to be in various stages of discussions and negotiations with potential buyers, real estate venture partners, ground lessors, and other counterparties with respect to sales, joint ventures, and/or ground leases for certain of our assets, including portfolios thereof. These discussions and negotiations may or may not lead to definitive documentation or closed transactions. We anticipate redeploying the proceeds from these sales will not only help fund our planned growth, but will also further advance the strategic shift of our portfolio to majority multifamily. We expect near-term acquisition activity to be focused on assets in emerging growth neighborhoods, as well as assets adjacent to our existing holdings where the combination of sites can add unique value to any new investment with a focus on multifamily given our long-term objective of growing our portfolio to majority multifamily. Where there are opportunities to trade out of higher risk assets with extensive capital needs or those outside of our geographic footprint, we will consider like-kind exchanges under Section 1031 of the Code. Third-Party Services Business Our third-party asset management and real estate services business provides fee-based real estate services to the WHI, the JBG Legacy Funds and other third parties. The WHI pursues a transformational approach to producing affordable workforce housing and creating sustainable, mixed-income communities in the Washington, D.C. region. Although a significant portion of the assets and interests in assets formerly owned by certain of the JBG Legacy Funds were contributed to us in the Combination, the JBG Legacy Funds retained certain assets that were not consistent with our long-term business strategy. With respect to the remaining investments of the JBG Legacy Funds, we provide asset management, property management, development, construction management, leasing and other services. We expect to continue to earn fees for the management of the JBG Legacy Funds until their investments are liquidated. Certain individual members of our management team own direct equity co-investment and promote interests in the JBG Legacy Funds and certain of the funds investments that were not contributed to us. These economic interests will be eliminated as the JBG Legacy Funds are wound down over time. Additionally, we often retain management of properties we sell as part of our capital allocation strategy. These assets, while no longer owned by us, continue to generate third-party service fees. We believe that the fees we earn in connection with providing these third-party services enhance our overall returns, provide additional scale and efficiency in our operating, development and acquisition businesses and absorb a portion of the overhead and other administrative costs of our platform. This scale provides competitive advantages, including market knowledge, buying power and operating efficiencies across all product types. We also believe that our existing relationships arising out of our third-party asset management and real estate services business will continue to provide potential access to capital and new investment opportunities. Competition The commercial real estate markets in which we operate are highly competitive. We compete with numerous acquirers, developers, owners and operators of commercial real estate including other REITs, private equity investors, domestic and foreign financial institutions, life insurance companies, pension trusts, partnerships and individual investors, many of which own or may seek to acquire or develop assets similar to ours in the same markets in which our assets are located. These competitors may have greater financial resources or access to capital than we do or be willing to acquire assets in transactions which are more highly leveraged or are less attractive from a financial viewpoint than we are willing to pursue, which may reduce the number of suitable investment opportunities available to us or increase pricing. Leasing is a major component of our business and is highly competitive. The principal means of competition in leasing are lease terms (including rent charged and tenant improvement allowances), location, services provided and the nature and condition of 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 the asset to be leased. If our competitors offer space at rental rates below current market rates, below the rental rates we currently charge our tenants, in better locations within our markets, in higher quality assets or offer better services, we may lose existing and potential tenants, and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates below those we currently charge to retain tenants when our tenants leases expire. Segment Data We operate in the following business segments: commercial, multifamily and third-party asset management and real estate services. Financial information related to these business segments for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 is set forth in Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements. Tax Status We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856-860 of the Code. Under those sections, a REIT which distributes at least 90 of its REIT taxable income as dividends to its shareholders each year and which meets certain other conditions will not be taxed on that portion of its taxable income which is distributed to its shareholders. We currently adhere and intend to continue to adhere to these requirements and to maintain our REIT status in future periods. Future distributions will be declared and paid at the discretion of our Board of Trustees and will depend upon cash generated by operating activities, our financial condition, capital requirements, annual dividend requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code and such other factors as our Board of Trustees deems relevant. We also participate in the activities conducted by our subsidiary entities that have elected to be treated as TRSs under the Code. As such, we are subject to federal, state, and local taxes on the income from these activities. For additional information regarding our REIT status, see Item 9B Other Information. Significant Tenants Only the U.S. federal government accounted for 10 or more of our rental revenue, which consists of property rental and other property revenue, as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Rental revenue from the U.S. federal government 75,516 83,256 84,086 Percentage of commercial segment rental revenue 23.7 22.8 24.3 Percentage of rental revenue 14.8 16.2 17.8 ESG Our business values integrate environmental sustainability, social responsibility, D I, and strong governance practices throughout our organization. We believe that by understanding the social and environmental impacts of our business, we are better able to protect asset value, reduce risk, and advance initiatives that result in positive social and environmental outcomes creating shared value. Our business model prioritizes maximizing long-term NAV per share. By investing in urban infill and transit-oriented development and strategically mixing high-quality multifamily and commercial buildings with public areas, retail spaces, and walkable streets, we are working to define neighborhoods that deliver benefits to the environment and our community, as well as long-term value to our shareholders. We remain committed to transparent reporting of ESG financial and non-financial indicators. We intend to continue publishing an annual ESG report with key performance indicators that are aligned with the Global Reporting Initiative reporting framework, United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, Sustainability Accounting Standards Board Standards, and recommendations set forth by the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures. We achieved carbon neutrality across our Operating Portfolio for energy associated with the operations of our buildings in 2021. In 2022, we expanded our ESG reporting commitment to include full coverage of Scope 1. Carbon neutrality was 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 accomplished first through energy and water efficiency, then the purchase of verified carbon offsets for Scope 1 emissions produced by onsite natural gas consumption and fugitive refrigerant emissions, and the purchase of Green-e RECs for Scope 2 emissions produced by consuming onsite electricity procured by us. (We own three company vehicles with emissions that are less than 0.01 of our carbon footprint and, therefore, are not included in our calculations of carbon neutrality.) Our planned next step toward long-term sustainability includes the development and execution of an offsite renewable energy strategy, which is expected to replace a significant portion of our annual REC purchases, which add renewable energy capacity to the national electrical grid. Our detailed sustainability information, including our strategy, key performance targets and indicators, annual absolute comparisons, achievements and historical ESG reports are available on our website at https://www.JBGSMITH.com/About/Sustainability. All energy, water, waste and greenhouse gas emissions data in our ESG report is third-party, limited assurance verified following ISO 14064-3. Our website and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We focus on operating efficiency, responding to evolving environmental and social trends, and delivering on the needs of our tenants and communities. We have demonstrated the results of this focus by: Achieving a 5-star designation in the GRESB Global ESG Benchmark for Real Assets for both diversified operating assets and future development, and being recognized as a 2021 Global Sector Leader - Diversified - Office/Residential Sector. Being named 2021 Nareit Diversified Leader in the Light award winner for sustained ESG excellence. Establishing an ESG Committee and maintaining oversight of environmental and social matters by the Board of Trustees Corporate Governance Nominating Committee. Being named to Bloomberg s Gender Equality Index. Improving the diversity of our Board of Trustees, which currently comprises 36 women. Reflecting the strength and diversity of our national labor force, our Board of Trustees has made a long-term commitment to evolve its composition to have equal balance between men and women and to reflect the ethnic diversity of our country. Surpassing 114 million in investor commitments to the JBG SMITH-managed WHI Impact Pool, which raises funds from third parties and, through 2022, closed 64.7 million in financing related to the purchase of residential communities that contain 2,565 units. We launched the WHI in 2018 in partnership with the Federal City Council to preserve or build between 2,000 and 3,000 units of affordable workforce housing in the Washington, D.C. region. In 2022, WHI was named ESG Investing Awards 2022 Best ESG Investment Fund: Real Estate. 
 Our sustainability team works directly with our business units to integrate our ESG principles throughout our operations and investment processes. Our sustainability team is responsible for leading annual ESG reporting efforts, maintaining building certifications, energy, water and waste benchmarking, sustainability strategy development and implementation and coordination with industry and community partners. To ensure that our ESG principles are fully integrated into our business practices, our sustainability, human resources, legal, accounting, D I and WHI teams, as well as members of our management team, provide top-down support for the implementation of ESG initiatives. Our ESG Committee is responsible for ESG improvement programs and provides our Board of Trustees Corporate Governance Nominating Committee with periodic updates on ESG strategy. Energy and Water Efficiency and Management We believe that the efficient use of natural resources will result in sustainable long-term value and mitigate climate-related risks. By 2030, we have committed to reduce: energy consumption 25 , predicted energy consumption 25 , water consumption 20 , predicted water consumption 20 , embodied carbon 20 , and greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and 2) 25 . Further, by 2030, we have committed to increase waste diversion to 60 and verify all assets using green building and health and well-being certifications across our Operating Portfolio and development pipeline. In addition to our 2030 targets, we have a legacy commitment to improve the energy efficiency of our commercial Operating Portfolio by at least 20 over the 10-year period ending in 2024 through the Department of Energy Better Buildings Challenge. We achieve 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 this improvement through real time energy use monitoring. We plan to report progress on these commitments annually in our ESG report. Our long-term strategy to reduce energy and water consumption includes operational and capital improvements that align with our business plan and contribute to attaining our performance targets. Asset teams review historical performance, conduct energy audits and regularly assess opportunities to achieve efficiency targets. Capital investment planning considers the useful life of equipment, energy and water efficiency, occupant health impacts and maintenance requirements. Asset-level business plans that include energy and water efficiency capital investments are underway. Our development strategy focuses on reducing predicted energy and water consumption and embodied carbon, contributing to attaining our performance targets. Development teams use energy, water, and embodied carbon modeling to inform design decisions that best fit each individual building program, adapt to identified climate change conditions for our region, and promote healthy buildings. We use green building and health and well-being certifications as a verification tool across our portfolio. These certifications demonstrate our commitment to green, smart, and healthy buildings and verify predicted operational performance. We seek to benchmark 100 of our assets to help inform capital improvement projects. As of December 31, 2022: 91 of all operating assets, based on square footage, have earned at least one green building or health and well-being certification: 
 o 4.7 million square feet of LEED Certified Commercial Space (57 o 3.2 million square feet of LEED Certified Multifamily Space (57 o 3.9 million square feet of ENERGY STAR Certified Commercial Space (46 o 2.5 million square feet of ENERGY STAR Certified Multifamily Space (45 o 6.5 million square feet of BOMA 360 Certified Commercial Space (77 o 7.7 million square feet of Fitwel Viral Response Module Certified Commercial Space (92 o 2.1 million square feet of Fitwel Full Building Certified Commercial and Multifamily Space (15 
 99.4 of our operating assets energy and water use are benchmarked 
 Tenant Sustainability Impacts Customer service is an integral component of real estate management. Our mission includes creating a unique experience at all our properties where our tenants needs are our highest priority. We believe in sustainability as a service by integrating efficiency and conservation into standard operating practices, we engage on topics that are most impactful to our tenants and residents. We are committed to providing a healthy living and working environment for building occupants. We accomplish this goal through monitoring and improving indoor air quality, eliminating toxic chemicals, providing access to nature and daylight, fresh foods, fitness, composting and waste reduction programs. We are a Green Lease Leader established by the Institute for Market Transformation and the U.S. Department of Energy s Better Buildings Alliance. Green Lease Leaders recognizes companies who use the leasing process to achieve better collaboration between landlords and tenants with the goal of reducing building energy consumption and operating costs. Our standard lease contains a cost recovery clause for resource efficiency-related capital improvements and requires tenants to provide data for measuring, managing, and reporting sustainability performance. This language is included in 100 of our new office and retail leases and renewals. Nearly all our commercial tenants are metered at the whole building level for their grid electricity and water usage. Many of our retail tenants in multifamily buildings are billed directly for electricity and water. As such, the percentage of our directly sub-metered tenants is very low. In most cases, we receive a bill at the whole building level for grid electricity and water usage, and bill tenants based on the percentage of the building s square footage that they occupy. These tenants are not considered to be separately metered or sub-metered. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Climate Change Resilience We take climate change and the associated risks seriously, and we are committed to managing and avoiding the impacts of climate change using science to inform action. We stand with our communities, tenants and shareholders in supporting meaningful solutions that address this global challenge. To develop a more informed view of future climate conditions and further our understanding of the direct physical risks to our properties, we have conducted a physical climate-related risk assessment (both acute and chronic risks), which includes our operating assets and land holdings in our development pipeline. We intend to conduct periodic physical climate-related risk assessments. We continue to proactively assess the potential risks that may impact our portfolio and endeavor to conduct more robust analyses surrounding transitional and financial risks. Climate Change Risk Management Strategy We have aligned our climate-related disclosures with the recommendations of the TCFD. As defined by the TCFD framework, physical risks associated with climate change include acute risks (extreme weather-related events) and chronic risks (such as extreme heat and sea-level rise), and transition risks associated with climate change include policy and legal risks, market and reputation-related risks and decarbonization technology risks. We continue to assess the potential risks that may impact our portfolio and endeavor to expand our assessments further into additional transitional and financial risk dimensions. Our preliminary physical climate-related assessment on our portfolio was conducted by a third party. The assessment and physical risk scoring was based on an RCP 8.5 emissions scenario, which is a worst-case, high emissions scenario, under a time horizon up to 2040. The assessment included all in-service assets, and our development pipeline and landholdings, and included climate events such as hurricane, wildfire, heat, water stress, flooding and sea-level rise. The assessment of our portfolio identified flooding and heat stress as top hazards. We currently have no properties in a Federal Emergency Management Agency hazard designated area. We work with our insurance team to benchmark resilience features and adaptations for short-term horizons. Asset-Level Risk Management We are managing transition risks by benchmarking energy, carbon, water and waste performance at the asset level and review this information with asset management and operations teams quarterly. As a leader in green building, we will continue to make capital investments that enhance building performance and tenant comfort, energy and water efficiency, on-site renewable energy and other decarbonization strategies. Carbon-Neutral Operations Strategy Our strategy to maintain carbon-neutral operations includes the following steps: First and foremost, plan for and deploy energy and water efficiency at all assets. Plan for and deploy energy, water, and embodied carbon reductions in the design of our buildings. Deploy on-site renewable energy where most impactful. Develop and deploy off-site renewable procurement strategies. To the extent necessary, offset any remaining emissions by purchasing verified renewable energy credits and carbon offsets. 
 Social Responsibility We believe the economic strength of our region is central to sustaining the long-term value of our portfolio. We are committed to the economic development of the Washington D.C. metropolitan area through continued investment in our projects and local communities. We recognize, however, that new development can foster challenging growth dynamics, with matters of social equity at the forefront. We strive to work alongside community members, leaders, and local and 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 federal governments to appropriately respond to these challenges. One of our efforts is the WHI, which we launched in 2018 in partnership with the Federal City Council. The WHI is a transformational market-driven approach to producing affordable workforce housing and creating sustainable, mixed-income communities. The WHI is a scalable, market-driven model funded by a unique relationship between philanthropy and private investment. As of December 31, 2022, we have committed to invest 11.2 million in the WHI, and our Executive Vice President of Social Impact Investing manages this effort. As of December 31, 2022, our remaining commitment was 4.8 million. The WHI Impact Pool has completed closings of capital commitments totaling 114.4 million, and closed 64.7 million in financing related to the purchase of residential communities that contain 2,565 units. The initiatives goals include: Preserving or building between 2,000 and 3,000 units of affordable workforce housing in the Washington, D.C. region; and Delivering triple bottom line results consisting of environmental and social objectives in addition to financial returns. 
 To learn more about our ESG initiatives and performance, please visit https://www.JBGSMITH.com/About/Sustainability and download our ESG Report. The expected publication date of our 2023 ESG report is April 30, 2023. Our website and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. D I We have a comprehensive, multi-year D I strategy. See Human Capital below for further discussion. Governance We are engaged in addressing ESG matters, including climate-related matters, at all levels of our organization. Management s role in overseeing, assessing, and managing climate-related risks, opportunities and initiatives is integrated throughout our business units. We have a dedicated team of sustainability professionals focused on ESG matters that coordinates and collaborates across business units and with our Board of Trustees and management, and which advises on environmental sustainability matters and develops and implements related initiatives. In 2022, management established a new ESG Committee to help inform ESG strategy and more robustly advise the Board of Trustees on climate-related risks and opportunities. The ESG Committee is responsible for ensuring compliance with guidelines from the SEC and other regulatory bodies, and assists in establishing our general strategy as it relates to ESG matters that may affect our business, operation, performance or reputation. The ESG Committee reports to the Chief Legal Officer, with oversight provided by the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. Co-chairs include our Deputy General Counsel and Senior Vice President of Sustainability, with representation by business leaders from various groups across the organization. Regulatory Matters Environmental Matters Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, an owner of real estate is liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances on that real estate. These laws often impose such liability without regard to whether the owner knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of hazardous or toxic substances. The costs of remediation or removal of these substances may be substantial, and the presence of these substances, or the failure to promptly remediate these substances, may adversely affect the owner s ability to sell the real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral. In connection with the ownership and operation of our assets, we may be potentially liable for these costs. The operations of current and former tenants at our assets have involved, or may have involved, the use of hazardous materials or generated hazardous wastes. The release of these hazardous materials and wastes could result in us incurring liabilities to remediate any resulting contamination. The presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination at our properties may (i) expose us to third-party liability (e.g., for cleanup costs, natural resource damages, 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 bodily injury or property damage), (ii) subject our properties to liens in favor of the government for damages and costs the government incurs in connection with the contamination, (iii) impose restrictions on the manner in which a property may be used or businesses may be operated, or (iv) materially adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or develop the real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral. In addition, our assets are exposed to the risk of contamination originating from other sources. While a property owner may not be responsible for remediating contamination that has migrated onsite from an identifiable and viable offsite source, the contaminant s presence can have adverse effects on operations and the redevelopment of our assets. To the extent we send contaminated materials to other locations for treatment or disposal, we may be liable for the cleanup of those sites if they become contaminated. Most of our assets have been subject, at some point, to environmental assessments that are intended to evaluate the environmental condition of the subject and surrounding assets. These environmental assessments generally have included a historical review, a public records review, a visual inspection of the site and surrounding assets, visual or historical evidence of underground storage tanks, and the preparation and issuance of a written report. Soil and/or groundwater subsurface testing is conducted at our assets, when necessary, to further investigate any issues raised by the initial assessment that could reasonably be expected to pose a material concern to the property or result in us incurring material environmental liabilities as a result of redevelopment. The tests may not, however, have included extensive sampling or subsurface investigations. In each case where the environmental assessments have identified conditions requiring remedial actions required by law, we have initiated appropriate actions. The environmental assessments did not reveal any material environmental contamination that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our overall business, financial condition or results of operations, or that have not been anticipated and remediated during site redevelopment as required by law. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that the identification of new areas of contamination, changes in the extent or known scope of contamination, the discovery of additional sites or changes in cleanup requirements would not result in significant cost to us. Affordable Housing and Tenant Protection Regulations Certain states and municipalities have adopted laws and regulations imposing restrictions on the timing or amount of rent increases and other tenant protections. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 7 of the multifamily units in our Operating Portfolio were designated as affordable housing. In addition, Washington, D.C. and Montgomery County, Maryland have laws that require, in certain circumstances, an owner of a multifamily rental property to allow tenant organizations the option to purchase the building at a market price if the owner attempts to sell the property. We expect to continue operating and acquiring assets in areas that either are subject to these types of laws or regulations or where such laws or regulations may be enacted in the future. Such laws and regulations limit our ability to charge market rents, increase rents, evict tenants or recover increases in our operating expenses and could make it more difficult for us to dispose of assets in certain circumstances. The Americans with Disabilities Act and other Federal, State and Local Regulations The ADA generally requires that public buildings, including our assets, meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. Noncompliance could result in the imposition of fines by the federal government or the award of damages to private litigants and/or legal fees to their counsel. If, under the ADA, we are required to make substantial alterations and capital expenditures in one or more of our assets, including the removal of access barriers, it could have a material adverse effect on us. Additionally, our assets are subject to various federal, state and local regulatory requirements, such as state and local fire and life safety requirements. If we fail to comply with these requirements, we could incur fines or private damage awards. We do not know whether existing requirements will change or whether compliance with future requirements will require significant unanticipated expenditures that will affect our cash flow and results of operations. Regulation Related to Government Tenants As discussed above, the U.S. federal government is a significant tenant. Lease agreements with federal government agencies contain provisions required by federal law, which require, among other things, that the lessor of the property agree to comply with certain rules and regulations, including rules and regulations related to anti-kickback procedures, 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 examination of records, audits and records, equal opportunity provisions, prohibition against segregated facilities, certain executive orders, subcontractor cost or pricing data, and certain provisions intending to assist small businesses. We directly manage assets with federal government agency tenants, which subjects us to additional risks associated with compliance with applicable federal rules and regulations. In addition, there are additional requirements relating to the potential application of equal opportunity provisions and related requirements to prepare written affirmative action plans applicable to government contractors and subcontractors. Some of the factors used to determine whether these requirements apply to a company that is affiliated with the actual government contractor (the legal entity that is the lessor under a lease with a federal government agency) include whether that company and the government contractor are under common ownership, have common management, and are under common control. We own the entity that is the government contractor and the property manager, increasing the risk that requirements of the Employment Standards Administration s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs and requirements to prepare affirmative action plans pursuant to the applicable executive order may be determined to be applicable to us. Compliance with these regulations is costly and any increase in regulation could increase our costs, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Human Capital Our headquarters is located at 4747 Bethesda Avenue, Suite 200, Bethesda, MD 20814. As of December 31, 2022, we had 912 employees. We believe that our talent is our competitive advantage. To that end, we focus on talent development and succession planning, pay-for-performance, and D I. We utilize talent management practices in the broadest sense to create a holistic, engaging work experience for our employees. The upshot of these practices has resulted (based on employee surveys) in us continuing to be an employer of choice, with an extremely engaged workforce (92 favorable) that has also shown a strong positive attitude around the work we have done in D I (91 favorable). Our ability to cultivate an inclusive environment that values diversity and fosters a sense of belonging and connection, has resulted in D I becoming a key driver of overall engagement. In addition to our inclusive culture, our pay equity study results show no systemic disparity in compensation related to race or gender, affirming our strong belief in treating people equitably. With our hybrid corporate office schedule, flexibility, and keen focus on health and welfare, we offer our employees an environment that enables them to be confident in their in-office experience and demonstrate the energy and excitement that comes from being together and collaborating with coworkers to achieve desirable outcomes. Key to our high levels of engagement is ensuring we are putting our employees needs first and creating an inclusive workplace experience where employees thrive. We are proud to have been recognized by the Washington Post as a Top Workplace several times in past years, and are focused on providing a positive employee experience to ensure that we remain an employer of choice. We continually invest in our employee population, ensuring our employee experience more broadly continues to help us attract and retain the best talent in the industry. The list below is a more comprehensive list of offerings that help create a compelling employee experience: Talent reviews and 360 surveys for senior leaders Streamlined annual performance reviews Executive coaching available Employee share purchase plan Hybrid / flexible work schedules Flexible paid time off Regular town halls where senior management updates the entire team on recent progress and other important matters Employee surveys 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Mentorship program to develop and retain talent Monthly D I communications Employee roundtable discussions on pertinent current events, workplace issues and teambuilding Utilization of JBGS Inclusion Community and Women s Initiative to guide programming Partnerships with schools and organizations to facilitate recruitment of diverse talent Workforce development partnerships focused on diverse pipeline development Employee referral program Generous company subsidy on health-related benefits Lunches with Leaders Volunteer opportunities 
 In addition to the above, we have a strong pay-for-performance culture where compensation is tied to both company and individual performance, ensuring that employees focus on both broader business focused goals, as well as their individual goals. To that end, we also have a strong track record of promoting from within. Consequently, the opportunities for growth and development also help to keep our population engaged and motivated. 2022 continued the evolution of our comprehensive, multi-year D I strategy. With an ongoing focus on our five strategic pillars (i) workforce and talent, (ii) workplace culture, (iii) business integration, (iv) industry and branding and (v) metrics and accountability we have made additional progress and have continued to drive cultural and behavioral change. We recognize that diversity in our workforce brings valuable perspectives, views and ideas to our organization. We pride ourselves on our strong, collaborative culture, and we strive to create an inclusive and healthy work environment for our employees, which helps us continue to attract innovators to our organization. Our workforce comprises 36 women and 56 minorities, and our senior leadership has 41 women representation. Implementing more inclusive, equitable systems and practices had a significant impact on our ability to identify diverse talent, particularly related to our entry-level recruitment efforts. Our 2022 intern hires were 67 diverse (i.e. women and/or people of color). In addition, we have continued to expand our strategic partnerships with diverse educational, professional and community organizations. Available Information Copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports are available free of charge through our website https://www.JBGSMITH.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Also available on our website are copies of our Audit Committee Charter, Compensation Committee Charter, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Charter, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Corporate Governance Guidelines. In the event of any changes to these charters or the code or guidelines, changed copies will also be made available on our website. Copies of these documents are also available directly from us free of charge. Our website also includes other financial information, including certain financial measures not in compliance with GAAP, none of which is a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Copies of our filings under the Exchange Act are also available free of charge from us, upon request. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the following risks in evaluating our company and our common shares. If any of the following risks were to occur, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and the ability to make distributions to our shareholders could be materially and adversely affected, which we refer to herein collectively as a material adverse effect on us, the per share trading price of our common shares could decline significantly, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Some statements in this Form 10-K, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. Refer to the section entitled Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements for additional information regarding these forward-looking statements. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations A material portion of our portfolio comprises office assets, which have generally experienced a decrease in demand and may experience a further decrease in demand that could have a material adverse effect on us. Furthermore, the decline in the attractiveness of office assets, particularly combined with a lack of transactional activity and the current challenging capital markets could delay our capital recycling plans and our planned transition to majority multifamily. A material portion of our portfolio comprises office assets, which, due to the increase in work from home policies and practices, have generally experienced a decrease in demand and may experience a further decrease in demand as some tenants do not renew leases as they expire or renew space with a smaller footprint, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Demand for office space in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area and nationwide, including in our portfolio, has declined and may continue to decline due to increased usage of teleworking arrangements and more flexible work from anywhere policies leading to reconsiderations regarding amount of square footage needed (e.g. certain tenants have reduced their leased square footage or advised us of their intention to do so), and cost cutting resulting from the pandemic, which could lead to continued lower office occupancy (as of December 31, 2022, 12.0 of our commercial and retail leases at our share, based on square footage, were scheduled to expire in 2023 or had month-to-month terms, and 19.4 were scheduled to expire in 2024), and new leasing has been slow to recover and will likely continue to lag due to delayed return-to-the office plans and decision making related to future office utilization. Furthermore, the decline in the attractiveness of office assets, particularly combined with a lack of transactional activity and the current challenging capital markets could delay our capital recycling plans and our planned transition to have our portfolio comprised of majority multifamily assets. Finally, a key demand driver in National Landing is the presence of Amazon s headquarters, Phase I of which is expected to be completed in 2023. Phase II, which comprises approximately 50 of Amazon s new headquarters in National Landing has not yet commenced construction; if Amazon determines to delay construction, reduce the size of Phase II or otherwise shrink its footprint in National Landing, that could have a material adverse impact on our plans for National Landing. Our portfolio of assets is geographically concentrated in Washington, D.C. metropolitan area submarkets, and particularly concentrated in National Landing, which makes us susceptible to adverse economic and other conditions such that an economic downturn affecting this area could have a material adverse effect on us. We are particularly susceptible to adverse economic or other conditions in the Washington D.C. metropolitan market (such as periods of economic slowdown or recession, business layoffs or downsizing, industry slowdowns, actual or anticipated federal government shutdowns, uncertainties related to federal elections, relocations of businesses, increases in real estate and other taxes, and the cost of complying with governmental regulations or increased regulation), as well as to natural disasters (including earthquakes, floods, storms and hurricanes), utility outages (including electricity and drinking water), potentially adverse effects of climate change and other disruptions that occur in this market (such as terrorist activity or threats of terrorist activity and other events), any of which may have a greater impact on the value of our assets or on our operating results than if we owned a more geographically diverse portfolio. Additionally, acts of violence, including terrorist attacks in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area could directly or indirectly damage our assets, both physically and financially, or cause losses that materially exceed our insurance coverage. Properties that are occupied by federal government tenants may be more likely to be the target of a future attack. Moreover, the same risks that apply to the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area as a whole also apply to the individual submarkets where our assets are located. National Landing makes up more than half of our portfolio based on square footage at our share. Portions of our markets, including National Landing, have underperformed other markets in the region with respect to rent growth and occupancy. Any adverse economic or other conditions in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area and our submarkets, especially National Landing, or any decrease in demand for office, multifamily or retail assets could have a material adverse effect on us. Our assets and the property development market in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area are dependent on an economy that is heavily reliant on federal government spending and use of office assets, and any actual or anticipated curtailment of such spending could have a material adverse effect on us. Any curtailment of federal government spending, whether due to a change of presidential administration or control of Congress, federal government sequestrations, furloughs or shutdowns, a slowdown of the U.S. and/or global economy, any change in federal government agencies work-from-home policies or uses of office space or other factors, could have 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 an adverse impact on real estate values and property development in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area, on demand and willingness to enter into long-term contracts for office space by the federal government and companies dependent upon the federal government, as well as on occupancy rates and annualized rents of multifamily and retail assets by occupants or patrons whose employment is by or related to the federal government. For instance, certain of our GSA tenants reduced their leased square footage. Any such curtailments in federal spending or changes in federal leasing policy could occur in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on us. We have significant exposure to Amazon and the National Landing submarket. The benefits of Amazon s new headquarters locating in National Landing that might accrue to us may differ from what we, financial or industry analysts or investors anticipate and have anticipated since Amazon s November 2018 announcement that it had selected sites in National Landing as the location of its new headquarters. We have significant exposure to Amazon, both as a result of their status as a tenant and as a result of fees we have received and expect to continue to receive from them as developer, property manager, and retail leasing agent for the company s new headquarters at National Landing. We currently have leases with Amazon across six office buildings in National Landing for 1.0 million square feet with annualized rent totaling 44.9 million, of which 387,000 square feet expires in 2023. We anticipate that Amazon will vacate approximately 300,000 square feet following completion and delivery of Metropolitan Park in National Landing in the summer of 2023, for which we are the developer. Amazon may decide not to renew all or a substantial portion of the remaining leases. If Amazon invests less than the announced amounts in National Landing or makes such investment over a longer period than anticipated, if its business prospects decline, if it reduces the size of its workforce in National Landing below initially anticipated levels or further delays hiring or if it leases, releases or develops less square footage than anticipated, our ability to achieve the benefits associated with Amazon s headquarters location in National Landing could be adversely affected. If we, Virginia Tech, Amazon, federal, state and local governments do not make the anticipated investments, including infrastructure investments, that would directly benefit National Landing, we could be adversely affected. Furthermore, Amazon s headquarters may not have the anticipated collateral financial effect on the National Landing submarket. If we do not achieve the perceived benefits of such location as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by us, financial or industry analysts or investors, we and potentially the market price of our common shares could be adversely affected. If we are unable to re-lease that space at attractive rents, it could have a material adverse effect on us and the market price of our common shares. Additionally, if the Virginia Tech Innovation Campus reduces its contemplated size or does not have the anticipated collateral financial effect, or if any of our other key demand drivers in National Landing fail to materialize, it could have a material adverse effect on us. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from U.S. federal government tenants, and we may face additional risks and costs associated with directly managing assets occupied by government tenants. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 23.7 of the rental revenue from our commercial segment was generated by rentals to federal government tenants, and federal government tenants historically have been a significant source of new leasing for us. For the year ended December 31, 2022, GSA was our largest single tenant, with 40 leases comprising 23.2 of total annualized rent at our share. The occurrence of events that have a negative impact on the demand for federal government office space, such as a decrease in federal government payrolls or a change in policy that prevents governmental tenants from renting our office space, would have a much larger adverse effect on our revenue than a corresponding occurrence affecting other categories of tenants. If demand for federal government office space were to decline, it would be more difficult for us to lease our buildings and could reduce overall market demand and corresponding rental rates, all of which could have a material adverse effect on us. For example, we have been notified by two civilian GSA tenants that they are vacating their space, approximately 112,000 square feet, due to consolidation of space into another location in 2023. Lease agreements with these federal government agencies contain provisions required by federal law, which require, among other things, that the lessor of the property agree to comply with certain rules and regulations, including rules and regulations related to anti-kickback procedures, examination of records, audits and records, equal opportunity provisions, prohibition against segregated facilities, certain executive orders, subcontractor cost or pricing data, and certain provisions intending to assist small businesses. We directly manage assets with federal government agency tenants, which subjects us to additional risks associated with compliance with applicable federal rules and regulations. In addition, there are additional requirements relating to the potential application of equal opportunity provisions and related requirements to prepare written affirmative action plans applicable to government contractors and subcontractors. Some of the factors used to determine whether these requirements apply to a company that is affiliated with the actual government contractor (the legal entity that is the lessor under a lease with a federal government agency) 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 include whether such company and the government contractor are under common ownership, have common management, and are under common control. We own the entity that is the government contractor and the property manager, increasing the risk that requirements of the Employment Standards Administration s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs and requirements to prepare affirmative action plans pursuant to the applicable executive order may be determined to be applicable to us. Compliance with these regulations is costly and any increase in regulation could increase our costs, which could have a material adverse effect on us. We are exposed to risks associated with real estate development and redevelopment, such as unanticipated expenses, delays and other contingencies, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. Real estate development and redevelopment activities are a critical element of our business strategy, and we expect to engage in such activities with respect to several of our properties and with properties that we may acquire in the future. To the extent that we do so, we will be subject to risks, including, without limitation: construction or redevelopment costs of a project may exceed original estimates, possibly making the project less profitable than originally estimated, or unprofitable; inflation could increase the costs of construction and development projects, which could decrease the yield on such projects, delaying their commencement or resulting in fewer such pursuits; for example, in 2022, we delayed the start of some construction projects due to higher than underwritten costs; time required to complete the construction or redevelopment of a project or to lease-up the completed project may be greater than originally anticipated, thereby adversely affecting our cash flow and liquidity; contractor, subcontractor and supplier disputes, strikes, labor disputes or shortages, weather conditions or supply disruptions (including those related to the supply chain); failure to achieve expected occupancy and/or rent levels within the projected time frame, if at all; delays with respect to obtaining, or the inability to obtain, necessary zoning, occupancy, land use and other governmental permits, and changes in zoning and land use laws; occupancy rates and rents of a completed project may not be sufficient to make the project profitable; incurrence of design, permitting and other development costs for opportunities that we ultimately abandon; the ability of prospective real estate venture partners or buyers of our properties to obtain financing; and the availability and pricing of financing to fund our development activities on favorable terms or at all. 
 These risks could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses and, under certain circumstances, could prevent the initiation or the completion of development or redevelopment activities, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. Partnership or real estate venture investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on partners or co-venturers financial condition and disputes between us and our partners or co-venturers, which could have a material adverse effect on us. As of December 31, 2022, 8.8 of our assets measured by total square feet at our share was held through real estate ventures, and we expect to co-invest in the future with other third parties through partnerships, real estate ventures or other entities, acquiring noncontrolling interests in or sharing responsibility for managing the affairs of a property, partnership, real estate venture or other entity. In particular, we may use real estate ventures as a significant source of equity capital to fund our development strategy. Consequently, with respect to any such third-party arrangement, we would not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the property, partnership, real estate venture or other entity, or structure of ownership and may, under certain circumstances, be exposed to risks not present were a third party not involved, including the possibility that partners or co-venturers might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions, and we may be forced to make contributions to maintain the value of the property. Partners or co-venturers may have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals and may be in a position to take action or withhold consent contrary to our policies or objectives. In some instances, partners or co-venturers may have competing interests in our markets that could create conflict of interest issues. These investments may also have the potential risk of impasses on decisions, such as a sale, because neither we nor the partner or co-venturer would have full control over the partnership or real estate venture. We and our respective partners or co- 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 venturers may each have the right to trigger a buy-sell right or forced sale arrangement, which could cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partners or co-venturers interest, or to sell the underlying asset, either on unfavorable terms or at a time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction. In addition, a sale or transfer by us to a third party of our interests in the partnership or real estate venture may be subject to consent rights or rights of first refusal in favor of our partners or co-venturers, which would in each case restrict our ability to dispose of our interest in the partnership or real estate venture. Where we are a limited partner or non-managing member in any partnership or limited liability company, if the entity takes or expects to take actions that could jeopardize our status as a REIT or require us to pay tax, we may be forced to dispose of our interest in that entity, including by contributing our interest to a subsidiary of ours that is subject to corporate level income tax. Disputes between us and partners or co-venturers may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our officers and/or trustees from focusing their time and effort on our business. Consequently, actions by or disputes with partners or co-venturers might result in subjecting assets owned by the partnership or real estate venture to additional risk. In addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our third-party partners or co-venturers. Our real estate ventures may be subject to debt, and the refinancing of such debt may require equity capital calls. Furthermore, any cash distributions from real estate ventures will be subject to the operating agreements of the real estate ventures, which may limit distributions, the timing of distributions or specify certain preferential distributions among the respective parties. The occurrence of any of the risks described above could have a material adverse effect on us. We depend on major tenants in our commercial portfolio, and the bankruptcy, insolvency or inability to pay rent of any of these tenants could have a material adverse effect on us. As of December 31, 2022, the 20 largest office and retail tenants in our Operating Portfolio represented 62.1 of our share of total annualized office and retail estimated rent. In many cases, through tenant improvement allowances and other concessions, we have made substantial upfront investments in leases with our major tenants that we may not recover if they fail to pay rent through the end of the lease term. The inability or failure of a major tenant to pay rent, or the bankruptcy or insolvency of a major tenant, may adversely affect the income produced by our Operating Portfolio. Additionally, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as landlord due to federal, state and local laws and regulations and may incur substantial costs in protecting our investment. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on us. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from five of our assets. As of December 31, 2022, five of our assets in the aggregate generated 24.3 of our share of annualized rent. The occurrence of events that have a negative impact on one or more of these assets, such as a natural disaster that damages one or more of these assets, would have a much larger adverse effect on our revenue than a corresponding occurrence affecting a less significant property. A substantial decline in the revenue generated by one or more of these assets could have a material adverse effect on us. Our Placemaking depends in significant part on a retail component, which frequently involves retail assets embedded in or adjacent to our multifamily assets and/or commercial assets, making us subject to risks that affect the retail environment generally, such as competition from discount and online retailers, weakness in the economy, fluctuations in foot traffic, pandemics, a decline in consumer spending and the financial condition of major retail tenants, any of which could adversely affect market rents for retail space and the willingness or ability of retailers to lease space in our retail assets. If our retail assets lose tenants, whether to the proliferation of online businesses and discount retailers, a decline in general economic conditions and consumer spending or otherwise, it could have a material adverse effect on us. If we fail to reinvest in and redevelop our assets to maintain their attractiveness to retailers and shoppers, then retailers or shoppers may perceive that shopping at other venues or online is more convenient, cost-effective or otherwise more attractive, which could negatively affect our ability to rent retail space at our assets. In addition, some of our assets depend on anchor or major retail tenants and/or occupancy in surrounding offices to attract shoppers and could be adversely affected by the loss of, or a store closure by, one or more of these tenants or changes to in-office policies of surrounding businesses. Any of the foregoing factors could adversely affect the financial condition of our retail tenants, the willingness of retailers to lease space from us, and the success of our Placemaking, which could have a material adverse effect on us. The loss of one or more members of our senior management team could adversely affect our ability to manage our business and to implement our growth strategies or could create a negative perception in the capital markets. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Our success and our ability to implement and manage anticipated future growth depend, in large part, upon the efforts of our senior management team. Members of our senior management team have national or regional industry reputations that attract business and investment opportunities and assist us in negotiations with lenders, existing and potential tenants and other industry participants. The loss of services of one or more members of our senior management team, or our inability to attract and retain similarly qualified personnel, could adversely affect our business, diminish our investment opportunities and weaken our relationships with lenders, business partners, existing and prospective tenants and industry participants, which could have a material adverse effect on us. The actual density of our development pipeline and/or any development parcel may not be consistent with our estimated potential development density. As of December 31, 2022, we estimate that our 20 assets in the development pipeline will total 12.5 million square feet (9.7 million square feet at our share) of estimated potential development density. The potential development density estimates for our development pipeline and/or any particular development parcel are based solely on our estimates, using data available to us, and our business plans as of December 31, 2022. The actual density of our development pipeline and/or any development parcel may differ substantially from our estimates based on numerous factors, including our inability to obtain necessary zoning, land use and other required entitlements, legal challenges to our plans by activists and others, as well as building, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations, and changes in the entitlement, permitting and authorization processes that restrict or delay our ability to develop, redevelop or use our development pipeline at anticipated density levels. We can provide no assurance that the actual density of our development pipeline and/or any development parcel will be consistent with our estimated potential development density. The occurrence of cyber incidents, or a deficiency in our cybersecurity, or the cybersecurity of our service providers, could negatively impact our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information, regulatory enforcement and other legal proceedings and/or damage to our business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our financial results. A cyber incident is any intentional or unintentional adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our information resources and can include unauthorized persons gaining access to systems to disrupt operations, corrupting data or stealing confidential information. The risk of a cyber incident or disruption, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks have increased globally. As our reliance on technology increases, so do the risks posed to our systems both internal and external. Our primary risks that could directly result from the occurrence of a cyber incident are theft of assets; operational interruption; regulatory enforcement, lawsuits and other legal proceedings; damage to our relationships with our tenants; and private data exposure. A significant and extended disruption could damage our business or reputation, cause a loss of revenue, have an adverse effect on tenant relations, cause an unintended or unauthorized public disclosure, or lead to the misappropriation of proprietary, personally identifying, and confidential information, any of which could result in us incurring significant expenses to resolve these kinds of issues. Although we have implemented processes, procedures and controls to help mitigate the risks associated with a cyber incident, there can be no assurance that these measures will be sufficient for all possible situations. Even security measures that are appropriate, reasonable and/or in accordance with applicable legal requirements may not be sufficient to protect the information we maintain. Unauthorized parties, whether within or outside our company, may disrupt or gain access to our systems, or those of third parties with whom we do business, through human error, misfeasance, fraud, trickery, or other forms of deceit, including break-ins, use of stolen credentials, social engineering, phishing, computer viruses or other malicious codes, and similar means of unauthorized and destructive tampering. A successful attack on one of our service providers could result in a compromise of our own network, theft of our data, legal obligations or liabilities, deployment of ransomware or a disruption in our supply chain or of services upon which we rely. Even the most well protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted cyber incidents evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, making it impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. If any of the foregoing risks materialize, it could have a material adverse effect on us. Pandemics and other health concerns, including COVID-19, could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Pandemics, including COVID-19, as well as both future widespread and localized outbreaks of infectious diseases and other health concerns, and the measures taken to prevent the spread or lessen the impact, could cause a material disruption to office and multifamily industry or the economy as a whole. The impacts of such events could be severe and far-reaching, and may impact our operations in several ways. Additionally, pandemic outbreaks could lead governments and other authorities around the world, including federal, state and local authorities in the United States, to impose measures intended to mitigate its spread, including restrictions on freedom of movement and business operations such as issuing guidelines, travel bans, border closings, business closures, quarantine orders, and orders not allowing the collection of rents, rent increases, or eviction of non-paying tenants. In the event of a decline in business activity and demand for real estate transactions, our ability or desire to grow or diversify our portfolio could be affected. Additionally, local and national authorities could continue to expand and extend certain measures imposing restrictions on our ability to enforce contractual rental obligations upon our residents and tenants. Unanticipated costs and operating expenses coupled with decreased anticipated and actual revenue as a result of compliance with regulations, could negatively impact our business, results of operations, cash flow, and overall financial condition and/or our ability to satisfy certain REIT-related requirements. The full extent of the impact of a pandemic on our business is largely uncertain and dependent on a number of factors beyond our control, and we are not able to estimate with any degree of certainty the effect a pandemic or measures intended to curb its spread could have on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Moreover, many of the other risk factors described herein could be more likely to impact us as a result of a pandemic or measures intended to curb its spread. Increased focus on our ESG business values may constrain our business operations, impose additional costs and expose us to new risks that could have a material adverse effect on us. Our business values integrate environmental sustainability, social responsibility, D I and strong governance practices throughout our organization these types of ESG matters have become increasingly important to investors and other stakeholders. Some investors may use these factors to determine their investment strategies, while current and potential employees and business partners may consider these factors when considering relationships with us. Certain organizations that provide corporate risk and corporate governance advisory services to investors have developed scores and ratings to evaluate companies based upon ESG metrics, and investors consider a company s score as a factor in making an investment decision. The focus and activism related to ESG matters may constrain our business operations or increase expenses. Additionally, we may face reputational damage if our corporate responsibility initiatives do not meet the standards set by various constituencies, including those of third-party providers of corporate responsibility ratings and reports. There can be no assurance that our focus on our ESG business values will be well-regarded by investors, particularly since the criteria by which companies are rated for their ESG efforts may change. A low ESG score could result in a negative perception of us, exclusion of our securities from consideration by certain investors and/or cause investors to reallocate their capital away from us, each of which could have an adverse impact on the price of our securities. We face risks related to the real estate industry. As a REIT we are subject to significant risks related to the real estate industry, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. These include, among other things: The value of real estate fluctuates depending on conditions in the general economy and the real estate business. Additionally, adverse changes in these conditions may result in a decline in rental revenue, sales proceeds and occupancy levels at our assets and adversely impact our revenue and cash flows. If rental revenue, sales proceeds and/or occupancy levels decline, we generally would expect to have less cash available to pay indebtedness and for distribution to shareholders. In addition, some of our major expenses, including mortgage loan payments, real estate taxes and maintenance costs generally do not decline when the related rents decline. The cost and availability of credit may be adversely affected by illiquid credit markets and wider credit spreads, and our inability or the inability of our tenants to timely refinance maturing liabilities to meet liquidity needs may materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, mortgage loan obligations expose us to risk of foreclosure and the loss of properties subject to such obligations. It may be difficult to buy and sell real estate quickly, or we or potential buyers of our assets may experience difficulty in obtaining financing, which may limit our ability to vary our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. Additionally, we may be unable to identify, negotiate, finance or consummate 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 acquisitions of properties, or acquire properties on favorable terms, or at all. The composition of our portfolio by asset type is likely to change over time, which could expose us to different asset class risks than if our portfolio composition remained static, and we may be adversely affected by trends in the asset classes we currently own. We may not be able to control the operating expenses associated with our properties, which include real estate taxes, insurance, loan payments, maintenance, and costs of compliance with governmental regulation, or our operating expenses may remain constant or increase, even if our revenue does not increase, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Macroeconomic trends, including increases in inflation and interest rates, could have a material adverse effect on us, as well as our tenants, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may be unable to renew leases, lease vacant space or re-let space as leases expire, or do so on favorable terms, which could have a material adverse effect on us. As of December 31, 2022, leases representing 12.0 of our share of the office and retail square footage in our Operating Portfolio were scheduled to expire in 2023 or have month-to-month terms, 19.4 were scheduled to expire in 2024, and 14.3 of our share of the square footage of the assets in our commercial portfolio was unoccupied and not generating rent. We may find it necessary to make rent or other concessions and/or significant capital expenditures to improve our assets to retain and attract tenants. We may be unable to maintain or increase our occupancy and revenue at certain commercial, multifamily and other assets due to an increase in supply, more favorable terms offered by competitors, and/or deterioration in our markets. Increased affordability of residential homes and other competition for tenants of our multifamily properties could affect our ability to retain current residents of our multifamily properties, attract new ones or increase or maintain rents, which could adversely affect our results of operations and our financial condition. We may from time to time be subject to litigation, which may significantly divert the attention of our officers and/or trustees and result in defense costs, settlements, fines or judgments against us, some of which are not, or cannot be, covered by insurance, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. We own leasehold interests in certain land on which some of our assets are located. If we default under the terms of any of these ground leases, we may be liable for damages and could lose our leasehold interest in the property or our option to purchase the underlying fee interest in such asset. In addition, unless we purchase the underlying fee interests in the land on which a particular property is located, we will lose our right to operate the property or we will continue to operate it at much lower profitability, which would significantly adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, if we are perceived to have breached the terms of a ground lease, the fee owner may initiate proceedings to terminate the lease. Our assets may be subject to impairment losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Climate change, including rising sea levels, flooding, extreme weather, and changes in precipitation and temperature, may result in physical damage to, or a total loss of, our assets located in areas affected by these conditions, including those in low-lying areas close to sea level, such as National Landing, and/or decreases in demand, rent from, or the value of those assets. In addition, we may incur material costs to protect these assets, including increases in our insurance premiums as a result of the threat of climate change, or the effects of climate change may not be covered by our insurance policies. Furthermore, changes in federal and state legislation and regulations on climate change could result in increased utility expenses and/or increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency and reduce carbon emissions of our properties in order to comply with such regulations or result in fines for non-compliance. Any of the foregoing could have a material and adverse effect on us. 
 We may incur significant costs to comply with environmental laws, and environmental contamination may impair our ability to lease and/or sell real estate. Our operations and assets are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations concerning the protection of the environment including air and water quality, hazardous or toxic substances and health and safety. Under some 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 environmental laws, a current or previous owner or operator of real estate may be required to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances released at a property. The owner or operator may also be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage or personal injuries and for investigation and clean-up costs incurred by those parties because of the contamination. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of the release of the substances or caused such release. The presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination may (i) expose us to third-party liability (e.g., for cleanup costs, natural resource damages, bodily injury or property damage), (ii) subject our properties to liens in favor of the government for damages and costs the government incurs in connection with the contamination, (iii) result in restrictions on the manner in which a property may be used or businesses may be operated, or (iv) impair our ability to sell or lease real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral. To the extent we send contaminated materials to other locations for treatment or disposal, we may be liable for cleanup of those sites if they become contaminated. Other laws and regulations govern indoor and outdoor air quality including those that can require the abatement or removal of asbestos-containing materials in the event of damage, demolition, renovation or remodeling, and also govern emissions of and exposure to asbestos fibers in the air. The maintenance and removal of lead paint and certain electrical equipment containing polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are also regulated by federal and state laws. We are also subject to risks associated with human exposure to chemical or biological contaminants such as molds, pollens, viruses and bacteria which, above certain levels, can be alleged to be connected to allergic or other health effects and symptoms in susceptible individuals. Our predecessor companies may be subject to similar liabilities for activities of those companies in the past. We could incur fines for environmental noncompliance and be held liable for the costs of remedial action with respect to the foregoing regulated substances or related claims arising out of environmental contamination or human exposure at or from our assets. Most of our assets have been subjected to varying degrees of environmental assessment at various times. To date, these environmental assessments have not revealed any environmental condition material to our business. However, identification of new compliance concerns or undiscovered areas of contamination, changes in the extent or known scope of contamination, human exposure to contamination or changes in cleanup or compliance requirements could result in significant costs to us. In addition, we may become subject to costs or taxes, or increases therein, associated with natural resource or energy usage (such as a carbon tax ). These costs or taxes could increase our operating costs and decrease the cash available to pay our obligations or distribute to equity holders. Increasingly competitive labor markets and our need to provide additional incentives to remain competitive in our hiring and retention efforts may hurt our ability to effectively operate our business and have a negative effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. Our success depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel, but we may not be able to do so on acceptable terms or at all. Recently, the U.S. job market has experienced labor shortages and employee resignations at record levels, resulting in intense competition for retaining and hiring skilled employees. Additionally, the competitive labor conditions have significantly increased compensation expectations for our existing and prospective personnel. If we are unable to hire and retain qualified personnel as required for our operations, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. Risks Related to the Capital Markets and Related Activities We face risks related to our common shares. These risks include, among other things, the risk that an economic downturn or a deterioration in the capital markets may materially affect the value of our equity securities; the absence of any guarantee or certainty regarding the timing, amount, or payment of future dividends on our common shares; the risk of dilution of ownership in our company due to certain actions taken by us; the risk that future offerings of debt or preferred equity securities, which would be senior to our common shares upon liquidation, and in the case of preferred equity securities may be senior to our common shares for purposes of dividend distributions or upon liquidation, may adversely affect the per share trading price of our common shares; and the risk that the announcement of a material acquisition may result in a rapid and significant decline in the price of our common shares. If any of the foregoing risks materialize, it could have a material adverse effect on us. We have a substantial amount of indebtedness, and our debt agreements include restrictive covenants and other requirements, which may limit our financial and operating activities, our future acquisition and development activities, or otherwise affect our financial condition. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 2.5 billion aggregate principal amount of consolidated debt outstanding, and our unconsolidated real estate ventures had 244.1 million aggregate principal amount of debt outstanding 55.1 million at our share), resulting in a total of 2.5 billion aggregate principal amount of debt outstanding at our share. A portion of our outstanding debt is guaranteed by our operating partnership. Our cash flow from operations may be insufficient to meet our required debt service and payments of principal and interest on borrowings may leave us with insufficient cash resources to operate our assets or to pay the dividends currently contemplated. Additionally, our debt agreements include customary restrictive covenants, that, among other things, restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, to engage in material asset sales, mergers, consolidations and acquisitions, and to make capital expenditures, and some of our debt agreements also include requirements to maintain financial ratios. Our ability to borrow is subject to compliance with these and other covenants, and failure to comply with our covenants could cause a default under the applicable debt instrument, and we may then be required to repay such debt with capital from other sources or give possession of a property to the lender. Any of the foregoing could affect our ability to obtain additional funds as needed, or on favorable terms, which could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to meet operational needs or to finance our future acquisition and development activities. We may not be able to obtain capital to make investments. We are primarily dependent on external capital to fund the expected growth of our business. Our access to debt or equity capital depends on the willingness of third parties to lend or make equity investments and on conditions in the capital markets generally. There can be no assurance that new capital will be available or available on acceptable terms. Our future development plans are capital intensive. To complete these plans, we anticipate funding construction and development through asset sales, real estate ventures with third parties, recapitalizations of assets, and public or private securities offerings, or a combination thereof. Similarly, these plans require a significant amount of debt financing which subjects us to additional risks, such as rising interest rates. For information about our available sources of funds, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Liquidity and Capital Resources and the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein. We are subject to interest rate risk, which could increase our interest expense, increase the cost to refinance and increase the cost of issuing new debt. As of December 31, 2022, 892.3 million of our outstanding consolidated debt was subject to instruments that bear interest at variable rates. While some of this debt is protected against interest rate increases above specified rates via interest rate cap agreements, the remainder does not benefit from such arrangements. Further, we may borrow money at variable interest rates in the future without the benefit of associated hedges and caps. With respect to these unhedged amounts, increases in interest rates would increase our interest expense under these instruments, increase the cost of refinancing these instruments or issuing new debt, and adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to service our indebtedness and make distributions to our shareholders, which could, in turn, adversely affect the market price of our common shares. Based on our aggregate variable rate debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022, an increase of 100 basis points in interest rates would result in a hypothetical increase of approximately 2.5 million in interest expense on an annual basis, when taking into effect existing interest rate caps. The amount of this change includes the benefit of interest rate swaps and caps we currently have in place. Subject to these restrictions, we may enter into hedging transactions to protect ourselves from the effects of interest rate fluctuations on floating rate debt. As of December 31, 2022, our hedging transactions included interest rate cap agreements, which covered 642.9 million of our outstanding consolidated debt, a significant portion of which is with one counterparty, which also exposes us to counterparty risk. Interest rate hedging can be expensive, particularly during periods of rising and volatile interest rates, which could reduce the overall returns on our investments. Moreover, there can be no assurance that our hedging arrangements will qualify as highly effective hedges under applicable accounting standards. Furthermore, should we desire to terminate a hedging agreement, there could be significant costs and cash requirements. Additionally, we are required to maintain interest rate cap agreements under certain of our variable rate debt agreements. Renewing, extending or entering into new interest rate cap agreements in a rising and volatile interest rate environment may cause us to incur significant upfront costs. Finally, the REIT provisions of the Code impose certain restrictions on our ability to use hedges, swaps and other types of derivatives to hedge our liabilities. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 The replacement of LIBOR with SOFR, may adversely affect interest expense related to outstanding debt. Furthermore, the future of the reference rate used in our existing floating rate debt instruments and hedging arrangements is uncertain, which could have an uncertain economic effect on these instruments, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Our credit facilities and certain mortgage loans require the applicable interest rate or payment amount by reference to SOFR. The use of SOFR based rates may result in interest rates and/or payments that are higher or lower than the rates and payments that we previously experienced when referenced to LIBOR. SOFR is a relatively new reference rate, has a very limited history and is based on short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities. Changes in SOFR could be volatile and difficult to predict, and there can be no assurance that SOFR will perform similarly to the way LIBOR would have performed at any time. As a result, the amount of interest we may pay on our credit facilities is difficult to predict. As of December 31, 2022, we had debt with a principal balance totaling 692.7 million and hedging arrangements with a notional value totaling 1.0 billion that use LIBOR as a reference rate. On November 30, 2020, the United Kingdom regulator announced its intentions to cease the publication of the one-week and two-month USD-LIBOR immediately following the December 31, 2021 publications, and the remaining USD-LIBOR tenors immediately following the June 30, 2023 publications. Though an alternative reference rate for LIBOR, SOFR, exists, significant uncertainties still remain. We can provide no assurance regarding the future of LIBOR and when our LIBOR-based instruments will transition from LIBOR as a reference rate to SOFR or another reference rate. The discontinuation of a benchmark rate or other financial metric, changes in a benchmark rate or other financial metric, or changes in market perceptions of the acceptability of a benchmark rate or other financial metric, including LIBOR, could, among other things, result in increased interest payments, changes to our risk exposures, or require renegotiation of previous transactions. In addition, any such discontinuation or changes, whether actual or anticipated, could result in market volatility, adverse tax or accounting effects, increased compliance, legal and operational costs, and risks associated with contract negotiations. Risks and Conflicts of Interest Related to Our Organization and Structure Tax consequences to holders of OP Units upon a sale of certain of our assets may cause the interests of our senior management to differ from your own. Some holders of OP Units, including some members of our senior management, may suffer different and more adverse tax consequences than holders of our common shares upon the sale of certain of the assets owned by our operating partnership, and therefore these holders may have different objectives regarding the material terms of any sale or refinancing of certain assets, or whether to sell such assets at all. Certain of our trustees and executive officers may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their previous or continuing equity interest in, or positions at JBG, including trustees and members of our senior management, who have an ownership interest in the JBG Legacy Funds and own carried interests in certain JBG Legacy Funds and in certain of our real estate ventures that entitle them to receive additional compensation if certain funds or real estate ventures achieve certain return thresholds. Some of our trustees and executive officers are persons who were employees of JBG, and they own equity interests in certain JBG Legacy Funds and related entities. Ownership of interests in the JBG Legacy Funds and current or past service as a managing member, at JBG, could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest. Certain of the JBG Legacy Funds own the JBG Excluded Assets, which JBG Legacy Funds are owned in part by members of our senior management and certain trustees. In addition, although the asset management and property management fees associated with the JBG Excluded Assets were assigned to us upon completion of the Formation Transaction, the general partner and managing member interests in the JBG Legacy Funds held by former JBG executives (who became members of our management team) and certain trustees were not transferred to us and remain under the control of these individuals. Our management s time and efforts may be diverted from the management of our assets to management of the JBG Legacy Funds, which could adversely affect the execution of our business plan and our results of operations and cash flow. In addition, members of our senior management and certain trustees have an ownership interest in the JBG Legacy Funds and own carried interests in each fund and in certain of our real estate ventures that entitle them to receive additional compensation if the fund or real estate venture achieves certain return thresholds. As a result, members of our senior management could be incentivized to spend time and effort maximizing the cash flow from the assets being retained by the JBG Legacy Funds and certain real estate ventures, particularly through sales of assets, which may accelerate payments of the carried interest but would reduce the asset management and other fees that would otherwise be payable to us with respect to the JBG 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Excluded Assets. These actions could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flow. Other potential conflicts of interest with the JBG Legacy Funds include transactions with these funds and competition for tenants. We have, and in the future we may, enter into transactions with the JBG Legacy Funds, such as purchasing assets from them. Any such transaction would create a conflict of interest as a result of our management team s interests on both sides of the transaction, because we manage the JBG Legacy Funds and because members of our management and board of trustees own interests in the general partner or other managing entities of the funds. We may compete for tenants with the JBG Legacy Funds and because we typically manage the assets of the JBG Legacy Funds, we may have a conflict of interest when competing for a tenant if the tenant is interested in assets owned by us and the JBG Legacy Funds. Any of the above-described conflicts of interest could have a material adverse effect on us. We may acquire properties or portfolios of properties through tax deferred contribution transactions, which could result in shareholder dilution and limit our ability to sell or refinance such assets. In the future, we may acquire properties or portfolios of properties through tax deferred contribution transactions in exchange for partnership interests in our operating partnership, which may result in shareholder dilution through the issuance of OP Units that may be exchanged for common shares. This acquisition structure may have the effect of, among other things, reducing the amount of tax depreciation we could deduct (as compared to a transaction where we do not inherit the contributor s tax basis but acquire tax basis equal to the value of the consideration exchanged for the property) until the OP Units issued in such transactions are redeemed for cash or converted into common shares. While no such protection arrangements existed as of December 31, 2022, in the future we may agree to protect the contributors ability to defer recognition of taxable gain through restrictions on our ability to dispose of, or refinance the debt on, the acquired properties for specified periods of time. Similarly, we may be required to incur or maintain debt we would otherwise not incur or maintain so that we can allocate the debt to the contributors to maintain their tax bases. These restrictions could limit our ability to sell an asset at a time, or on terms, that would be favorable absent such restrictions. Our declaration of trust and bylaws, the partnership agreement of our operating partnership and Maryland law, and the Code contain provisions that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control transaction that might involve a premium price for our common shares or that our shareholders otherwise believe to be in their best interest. Our declaration of trust contains ownership limits with respect to our shares. Generally, to maintain our qualification as a REIT under the Code, not more than 50 in value of our outstanding shares of beneficial interest may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (including some types of entities) at any time during the last half of our taxable year. To address this requirement and other tax considerations, our declaration of trust prohibits, among other things, the actual, beneficial or constructive ownership by any person of more than 7.5 in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of any class or series, including our common shares. For these purposes, our declaration of trust includes a group as that term is used for purposes of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act in the definition of person. Our Board of Trustees may exempt a person, prospectively or retroactively, from these ownership limits if certain conditions are satisfied, but is not required to grant any exemption. Our Board of Trustees may determine not to grant an exemption even if no adverse tax or REIT qualification consequences would be caused by ownership in excess of the 7.5 ownership limit. This ownership limit and the other restrictions on ownership and transfer of our shares contained in our declaration of trust may: (i) discourage a tender offer or other transactions or a change in management or of control that might involve a premium price for our common shares or that our shareholders might otherwise believe to be in their best interest; or (ii) result in the transfer of shares acquired in excess of the restrictions to a trust for the benefit of a charitable beneficiary and, as a result, the forfeiture by the acquirer of the benefits of owning the additional shares. Additionally, our declaration of trust authorizes the Board of Trustees, without shareholder approval, to establish a class or series of common or preferred shares whose terms could delay, deter or prevent a change in control or other transaction that might involve a premium price or otherwise be in the best interest of our shareholders. Our declaration of trust and bylaws contain other provisions that may delay, deter or prevent a change of control or other transaction that might involve a premium price or otherwise be in the best interest of our shareholders. Provisions of Maryland law could inhibit changes in control, which may discourage third parties from conducting a tender offer or seeking other change of control transactions that might involve a premium price for our common shares or that our shareholders might otherwise believe to be in their best interest. Provisions of the MGCL, may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from making a proposal to acquire us or of impeding a change of control under circumstances that 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 otherwise could provide the holders of common shares with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of such shares, including: provisions that prohibit business combinations between us and an interested shareholder, defined generally as any holder or affiliate of any holder who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our shares, for five years after the most recent date on which the shareholder becomes an interested shareholder, and thereafter impose fair price and/or supermajority shareholder voting requirements on these combinations; and provisions that provide that a shareholder s control shares acquired in a control share acquisition, as defined in the MGCL, have no voting rights, except to the extent approved by our shareholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. 
 As permitted by the MGCL, we have elected in our bylaws to opt out of the business combination and control share provisions of the MGCL. However, we cannot assure you that our Board of Trustees will not opt to be subject to such provisions of the MGCL in the future, including opting to be subject to such provisions retroactively. The limited partnership agreement of our operating partnership requires the approval of the limited partners with respect to certain extraordinary transactions involving JBG SMITH, which may reduce the likelihood of such transactions being consummated, even if they are in the best interests of, and have been approved by, our shareholders. The limited partnership agreement of JBG SMITH LP provides that we may not engage in a merger, consolidation or other combination with or into another person, a sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or a reclassification, recapitalization or a change in outstanding shares (except for changes in par value, or from par value to no par value, or as a result of a subdivision or combination of our common shares), which we refer to collectively as an extraordinary transaction, unless specified criteria are met. In particular, with respect to any extraordinary transaction, if partners will receive consideration for their limited partnership units and if we seek the approval of our shareholders for the transaction (or if we would have been required to obtain shareholder approval of any such extraordinary transaction but for the fact that a tender offer shall have been accepted with respect to a sufficient number of our common shares to permit consummation of such extraordinary transaction without shareholder approval), then the limited partnership agreement prohibits us from engaging in the extraordinary transaction unless we also obtain partnership approval. To obtain partnership approval, we must obtain the consent of our limited partners (including us and any limited partners majority owned, directly or indirectly, by us) representing a percentage interest in JBG SMITH LP that is equal to or greater than the percentage of our outstanding common shares required (or that would have been required in the absence of a tender offer) to approve the extraordinary transaction, provided that we and any limited partners majority owned, directly or indirectly, by us will be deemed to have provided consent for our partnership units solely in proportion to the percentage of our common shares approving the extraordinary transaction (or, if there is no shareholder vote with respect to such extraordinary transaction because a tender offer shall have been accepted with respect to a sufficient number of our common shares to permit consummation of the extraordinary transaction without shareholder approval, the percentage of our common shares with respect to which such tender offer shall have been accepted). The limited partners of JBG SMITH LP may have interests in an extraordinary transaction that differ from those of common shareholders, and there can be no assurance that, if we are required to seek partnership approval for such a transaction, we will be able to obtain it. As a result, if a sufficient number of limited partners oppose such an extraordinary transaction, the limited partnership agreement may prohibit us from consummating it, even if it is in the best interests of, and has been approved by, our shareholders. Substantially all our assets are owned by subsidiaries. We depend on dividends and distributions from these subsidiaries. The creditors of these subsidiaries are entitled to amounts payable to them by the subsidiaries before the subsidiaries may pay any dividends or other distributions to us. Substantially all of our assets are held through JBG SMITH LP, which holds substantially all of its assets through wholly owned subsidiaries. JBG SMITH LP s cash flow is dependent on cash distributions to it by its subsidiaries, and in turn, substantially all of our cash flow is dependent on cash distributions to us by JBG SMITH LP. The creditors of each of our subsidiaries are entitled to payment of that subsidiary s obligations to them when due and payable before distributions may be made by that subsidiary to its equity holders. In addition, the operating agreements governing some of our subsidiaries which are parties to real estate joint ventures may have restrictions on distributions which could limit the ability of those subsidiaries to make distributions to JBG SMITH LP. Thus, JBG SMITH LP s ability to make distributions to holders of its units, including us, depends on its subsidiaries ability first to satisfy their obligations to their creditors, and then to make distributions to JBG SMITH LP. Likewise, our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders depends on JBG 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 SMITH LP s ability first to satisfy its obligations, if any, to its creditors and make distributions payable to holders of preferred units (if any), and then to make distributions to us. In addition, our participation in any distribution of the assets of any of our subsidiaries upon the liquidation, reorganization or insolvency of the subsidiary, occurs only after the claims of the creditors, including trade creditors, and preferred security holders, if any, of the applicable direct or indirect subsidiaries are satisfied. Our rights and the rights of our shareholders to take action against our trustees and officers are limited. As permitted by Maryland law, under our declaration of trust, trustees and officers shall not be liable to us and our shareholders for money damages, except for liability resulting from actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services; or a final judgment based upon a finding of active and deliberate dishonesty by the trustee or officer that was material to the cause of action adjudicated. In addition, our declaration of trust requires us to indemnify our trustees and officers (in some cases, without requiring a preliminary determination of the trustee s or officer s ultimate entitlement to indemnification) for actions taken by them in those and certain other capacities to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. The Maryland REIT law permits a REIT to indemnify and advance expenses to its trustees, officers, employees and agents to the same extent as permitted by the MGCL for directors and officers of a Maryland corporation. Generally, Maryland law permits a Maryland corporation to indemnify its present and former directors and officers except in instances where the person seeking indemnification acted in bad faith or with active and deliberate dishonesty, actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services or, in the case of a criminal proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his or her actions were unlawful. Under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation also may not indemnify a director or officer in a suit by or in the right of the corporation in which the director or officer was adjudged liable to the corporation or for a judgment of liability on the basis that a personal benefit was improperly received. A court may order indemnification if it determines that the director or officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification, even though the director or officer did not meet the prescribed standard of conduct; however, indemnification for an adverse judgment in a suit by us or in our right, or for a judgment of liability on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received, is limited to expenses. As a result, we and our shareholders may have more limited rights against our trustees and officers than might otherwise exist. Accordingly, if actions taken in good faith by any of our trustees or officers impede the performance of our company, your ability to recover damages from such trustee or officer will be limited. Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT We may fail to qualify or remain qualified as a REIT and may be required to pay income taxes at corporate rates. Although we believe that we are organized and intend to operate to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we may fail to remain so qualified. Qualification and taxation as a REIT are governed by highly technical and complex provisions of the Code for which there are only limited judicial or administrative interpretations and depend on various facts and circumstances that are not entirely within our control. If, with respect to any taxable year, we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT and do not qualify under the relevant statutory relief provisions, we would have to pay federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates, could not deduct our distributions in determining our taxable income subject to tax, and would possibly also be subject to certain taxes enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 that are applicable to non-REIT corporations, including the nondeductible 1 excise tax on certain stock repurchases. If we had to pay federal income tax, the amount of money available to distribute to shareholders and pay our indebtedness would be reduced for the year or years involved, and we would not be required to make distributions to shareholders in that taxable year and in future years until we again were able to qualify as a REIT. In addition, we would also be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost, unless we were entitled to relief under the relevant statutory provisions. REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to execute our business plan or require us to make distributions of our shares or other securities. For us to qualify to be taxed as a REIT, we generally must distribute to our shareholders each year at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gains. We intend to distribute 100 of our REIT taxable income to our shareholders out of assets legally available therefor. From time to time, we may generate taxable income greater than our cash flow. For example, if we dispose of properties in transactions that are intended to qualify as like-kind exchanges under Section 1031 of the Code and such transactions 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 either fail to consummate the acquisition of replacement property in the like-kind exchanges or are successfully challenged and determined to be currently taxable, our taxable income and earnings and profits would increase, and may require additional distributions to shareholders or, in lieu of that, require us to pay corporate income tax, possibly including interest and penalties. If we do not have other funds available in these and other types of situations, we could be required to borrow funds on unfavorable terms, sell assets at disadvantageous prices, distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt, or make taxable distributions of our shares to make distributions sufficient to enable us to pay out enough of our taxable income to satisfy the REIT distribution requirement and avoid corporate income tax and a 4 excise tax in a particular year. These alternatives could increase our costs or reduce our equity. Because amounts distributed will not be available to fund investment activities, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to grow, which could adversely affect the value of our shares. Any restrictions on our ability to incur additional indebtedness or make certain distributions could preclude us from meeting the 90 distribution requirement. Decreases in funds from operations due to unfinanced expenditures for acquisitions of assets or increases in the number of shares outstanding without commensurate increases in funds from operations would each adversely affect our ability to maintain our current level of distributions to our shareholders. Consequently, there can be no assurance that we will be able to make distributions at the anticipated distribution rate or any other rate. The tax imposed on REITs engaging in prohibited transactions may limit our ability to engage in transactions that would be treated as sales for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A REIT s net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100 penalty tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. Although we and our subsidiary REITs believe that we have held, and intend to continue to hold, our properties for investment and do not intend to hold direct (rather than through taxable corporate subsidiaries) any properties that could be characterized as held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our business, such characterization is a factual determination and no guarantee can be given that the IRS would agree with our characterization of our properties or that we will always be able to make use of the available statutory safe harbor. In the case of some of our properties held through partnerships with third parties, our ability to control the disposition of such properties in a manner that avoids the imposition of the prohibited transactions tax depends in part on the action of third parties over which we have no control or only limited influence. To comply with the restrictions imposed on REITs, we may have to conduct certain activities and own certain assets through a TRS, which will be subject to normal corporate income tax, and we could be subject to a 100 penalty tax if our transactions with our TRSs are not conducted on arm s length terms. A TRS is an entity taxed as a corporation in which a REIT directly or indirectly holds stock and which has elected with the REIT to be treated as a TRS of the REIT and which is taxable as a regular corporation, at regular corporate income tax rates. As a REIT, we cannot own certain assets or conduct certain activities directly, without risking failing the income or asset tests that apply to REITs. We can, however, hold these assets or undertake these activities through a TRS. For example, we generally cannot provide certain non-customary services to our tenants, and we cannot derive income from a third party that provides such services. If we forego providing such services to our tenants, we may be at a disadvantage to competitors who are not subject to the same restrictions. Accordingly, we provide such non-customary services to our tenants and share in the revenue from such services through our TRSs. As noted, the income earned through our TRSs will be subject to corporate income taxes. In addition, a 100 excise tax will be imposed on certain transactions between us and our TRSs that are not conducted on an arm s length basis. Risks Related to the Formation Transaction We could be required to indemnify Vornado for certain material tax obligations that could arise as addressed in the Tax Matters Agreement and certain obligations under the Separation and Distribution Agreement. Furthermore, Vornado agreed to indemnify us for certain pre-distribution liabilities and liabilities related to Vornado assets and there can be no assurance that these obligations will be sufficient to protect us. Additionally, there may be undisclosed liabilities of the Vornado and JBG assets contributed to us in the Formation Transaction that might expose us to potentially large, unanticipated costs. Under the Tax Matters Agreement that we entered into with Vornado, we may be required to indemnify Vornado against 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 any taxes and related amounts and costs if the distribution of JBG SMITH shares by Vornado, together with certain related transactions, is not tax-free and that treatment results from (i) actions or failures to act by us, or (ii) our breach of certain representations or undertakings. The Separation Agreement provides for indemnification obligations designed to make us financially responsible for substantially all liabilities that may exist relating to our business activities, whether incurred prior to or after the Formation Transaction, as well as those obligations of Vornado that we assumed pursuant to the Separation Agreement. If we are required to indemnify Vornado under the circumstances set forth in the Tax Matters Agreement or the Separation Agreement, we may be subject to substantial liabilities. Pursuant to the Separation Agreement, Vornado agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities. However, third parties could seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities that Vornado agreed to retain, and there can be no assurance that Vornado will be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. Moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from Vornado any amounts for which we are held liable, such indemnification may be insufficient to fully offset the financial impact of such liabilities and/or we may be temporarily required to bear these losses while seeking recovery from Vornado. Additionally, prior to entering into the MTA, the diligence reviews performed by each of Vornado and JBG with respect to the business and assets of the other were necessarily limited in nature and scope and may not have adequately uncovered all of the contingent or undisclosed liabilities that we assumed in connection with the Formation Transaction, many of which may not be covered by insurance. The MTA does not provide for indemnification for these types of liabilities by either party post-closing, and, therefore, we may not have any recourse with respect to such unexpected liabilities. Any such liabilities could cause us to experience losses, which may be significant, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Unless Vornado and JBG SMITH were both REITs following the Separation, JBG SMITH could be required to recognize certain corporate-level gains for tax purposes as a result of the Separation. We believe that each of Vornado and JBG SMITH operated in a manner so that each qualified as a REIT immediately after the Separation and at all times during the two years after the Separation. However, if either Vornado or JBG SMITH failed to qualify as a REIT following the Separation, then, for our taxable year that includes the Separation, the IRS may assert that JBG SMITH would have to recognize corporate-level gain on assets acquired in the Separation. CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain statements contained herein constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. They represent our intentions, plans, expectations and beliefs and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Our future results, financial condition and business may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. You can find many of these statements by looking for words such as approximates, believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, intends, plans, would, may or other similar expressions in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Investors are cautioned to interpret many of the risks identified under the section titled Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as being heightened as a result of the numerous adverse impacts of COVID-19. In particular, information included under Business, Risk Factors, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements. Many of the factors that will determine the outcome of these and our other forward-looking statements are beyond our ability to control or predict. Such factors include, but are not limited to: the economic health of the greater Washington Metro region and our geographic concentration therein, particularly our concentration in National Landing; decreases in demand for office space in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area, particularly with respect to our two largest tenants, Amazon and the federal government; the amount and timing of Amazon s investments in National Landing and revenue we receive from them currently and may receive in the future; whether any or all of the other three demand drivers discussed above will fail to materialize; 
 reductions in or actual or threatened changes to the timing of federal government spending; changes in general political, economic and competitive conditions and specific market conditions; 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 the risks associated with real estate development and redevelopment, including unanticipated expenses, delays and other contingencies; the risks associated with the acquisition, disposition and ownership of real estate in general and our real estate assets in particular; the ability to control our operating expenses; the risks related to co-investments in real estate ventures and partnerships; the ability to renew leases, lease vacant space or re-let space as leases expire, and to do so on favorable terms; the economic health of our tenants; fluctuations in interest rates; the supply of competing properties and competition in the real estate industry generally; the availability and terms of financing and capital and the general volatility of securities markets; the risks associated with mortgage loans and other indebtedness; compliance with applicable laws, including those concerning the environment and access by persons with disabilities; increased investor focus and activism related to ESG matters; terrorist attacks and the occurrence of cyber incidents or system failures; the ability to maintain key personnel; failure to qualify and maintain our qualification as a REIT and the risks of changes in laws affecting REITs; and other factors discussed under the caption Risk Factors. 
 For a further discussion of factors that could materially affect the outcome of our forward-looking statements, see Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For these forward-looking statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or the date of any document incorporated by reference. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to our forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS There are no unresolved comments from the staff of the SEC as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES Note on presentation of at share information. We present certain financial information and metrics at JBG SMITH Share, which is calculated on an entity-by-entity basis, but exclude our: (i) 10.0 subordinated interest in one commercial building, (ii) 33.5 subordinated interest in four commercial buildings and (iii) 49.0 interest in three commercial buildings, as well as the associated non-recourse mortgage loans, held through unconsolidated real estate ventures; these interests and debt are excluded because our investment in each real estate venture is zero, we do not anticipate receiving any near-term cash flow distributions from the real estate ventures and we have not guaranteed their obligations or otherwise committed to providing financial support. At JBG SMITH Share information, which we also refer to as being at share, our pro rata share or our share, is not, and is not intended to be, a presentation in accordance with GAAP. Because as of December 31, 2022, 8.8 of our assets, as measured by total square feet, was held through real estate ventures in which we own less than 100 of the ownership interest, we believe this form of presentation, which includes our economic interests in the unconsolidated real estate ventures, provides investors important information regarding a significant component of our portfolio, its composition, performance and capitalization. We classify our portfolio as operating, under-construction, or development pipeline. The following tables provide information about each of our commercial, multifamily and development pipeline portfolios as of December 31, 2022. Many of our assets in the development pipeline are adjacent to or an integrated component of operating commercial or multifamily assets in our portfolio. A significant number of our assets included in the following tables are held through real estate ventures with third parties or are subject to ground leases. In addition to other information, the following tables indicate our percentage ownership, whether the asset is consolidated or unconsolidated, and whether the asset is subject to a ground lease. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Commercial Assets 

Total Same Store (2) : Square Office Retail Commercial Assets Ownership C/U (1) YTD 2021-2022 Feet Leased Occupied Occupied National Landing 1550 Crystal Drive (3) 100.0 C Y 550,311 91.0 88.8 95.7 2121 Crystal Drive 100.0 C Y 504,893 86.9 71.5 - 2345 Crystal Drive 100.0 C Y 499,675 83.6 83.3 100.0 2231 Crystal Drive 100.0 C Y 468,907 75.1 68.6 97.4 2011 Crystal Drive 100.0 C Y 440,510 60.5 58.9 50.3 2451 Crystal Drive 100.0 C Y 402,374 88.0 76.3 92.6 1235 S. Clark Street 100.0 C Y 384,911 96.6 95.3 95.0 241 18th Street S. 100.0 C Y 362,219 95.7 96.2 89.9 1215 S. Clark Street 100.0 C Y 336,159 100.0 100.0 100.0 201 12th Street S. 100.0 C Y 329,607 98.8 98.2 100.0 251 18th Street S. (3) 100.0 C Y 317,374 96.2 99.0 61.1 2200 Crystal Drive 100.0 C Y 283,608 57.0 57.0 - 1225 S. Clark Street 100.0 C Y 276,155 97.1 97.0 100.0 1901 South Bell Street (3) 100.0 C Y 274,912 92.1 92.1 - 1770 Crystal Drive 100.0 C Y 273,650 98.4 100.0 68.5 Crystal City Marriott (345 Rooms) 100.0 C Y 266,000 - - - 2100 Crystal Drive 100.0 C Y 253,437 100.0 100.0 - 1800 South Bell Street 100.0 C Y 206,186 99.2 100.0 88.8 200 12th Street S. 100.0 C Y 202,761 77.5 77.5 - Crystal City Shops at 2100 (3) 100.0 C Y 43,241 100.0 - 100.0 Crystal Drive Retail (3) 100.0 C Y 42,938 100.0 - 100.0 Central Place Tower (4) 50.0 U Y 551,608 99.3 99.2 100.0 Other VA 800 North Glebe Road 100.0 C Y 303,759 99.3 100.0 81.9 Stonebridge at Potomac Town Center (5) 10.0 U Y 504,327 100.0 - 95.6 Rosslyn Gateway-North 18.0 U Y 146,759 68.8 66.3 100.0 Rosslyn Gateway-South 18.0 U Y 103,444 64.6 68.9 - D.C. 2101 L Street 100.0 C Y 375,493 77.7 58.1 92.6 The Foundry 9.9 U Y 227,493 79.8 79.2 100.0 1101 17th Street 55.0 U Y 209,407 89.1 84.6 82.8 MD 4747 Bethesda Avenue (6) 100.0 C Y 300,508 98.0 97.9 100.0 One Democracy Plaza (4) (5) 100.0 C Y 213,139 87.1 87.0 100.0 Operating - Total / Weighted Average 9,655,765 88.7 85.0 93.5 Totals at JBG SMITH Share National Landing 6,995,632 88.3 85.5 93.0 Other VA 399,229 95.8 95.7 89.5 D.C. 513,165 80.4 65.2 91.3 MD 513,647 93.5 93.2 100.0 Operating - Total / Weighted Average 8,421,673 88.5 85.1 92.6 

 Note: At 100 share, unless otherwise noted. (1) C denotes a consolidated interest and U denotes an unconsolidated interest. (2) Y denotes an asset as same store and N denotes an asset as non-same store. (3) The following assets contain space that is held for development or not otherwise available for lease. This out-of-service square footage is excluded from square feet, leased and occupancy metrics in the above table. 

Not Available Commercial Asset In-Service for Lease 1550 Crystal Drive 550,311 1,721 251 18th Street S. 317,374 21,992 1901 South Bell Street 274,912 1,924 Crystal City Shops at 2100 43,241 28,974 Crystal Drive Retail 42,938 14,027 2221 S. Clark Street - Office 35,182 (4) Asset is subject to a ground lease where we are the lessee. (5) Not Metro-served. (6) Includes our corporate office lease for approximately 84,400 square feet. 

 37 

Table of Contents 
 Multifamily Assets 

Number Total Multifamily Same Store (2) : of Square Retail Multifamily Assets Ownership C/U (1) YTD 2021-2022 Units Feet Leased Occupied Occupied National Landing RiverHouse Apartments 100.0 C Y 1,676 1,327,551 96.1 95.5 100.0 The Bartlett 100.0 C Y 699 619,372 93.6 92.8 100.0 220 20th Street 100.0 C Y 265 271,476 97.0 94.7 100.0 2221 S. Clark Street - Residential (3) 100.0 C Y 216 96,948 90.2 86.9 - D.C. West Half 100.0 C Y 465 385,516 89.3 89.2 83.2 Fort Totten Square 100.0 C Y 345 384,956 98.5 95.7 100.0 The Wren (4) 99.7 C N 433 332,682 96.2 94.5 100.0 The Batley 100.0 C N 432 300,388 93.1 91.7 - WestEnd25 100.0 C Y 283 273,264 95.1 94.7 - F1RST Residences 100.0 C Y 325 270,928 94.9 93.2 88.8 Atlantic Plumbing (5) 100.0 C Y 310 245,143 97.1 95.8 77.0 1221 Van Street 100.0 C Y 291 225,530 94.4 92.1 100.0 901 W Street 100.0 C Y 161 154,379 96.7 98.1 57.9 900 W Street (3) 100.0 C Y 95 71,050 64.2 50.5 - North End Retail 100.0 C Y 27,355 91.6 - 91.6 MD 8001 Woodmont (6) 100.0 C N 322 363,979 83.3 81.1 95.1 Falkland Chase-South West 100.0 C Y 268 222,754 97.4 97.4 - Falkland Chase-North 100.0 C Y 170 112,143 96.5 96.5 - Operating - Total / Weighted Average (3) 6,756 5,685,414 94.5 93.6 93.4 Under-Construction National Landing 1900 Crystal Drive (7) C 808 633,985 2000/2001 South Bell Street (7) C 775 580,966 Under-Construction - Total 1,583 1,214,951 Total 8,339 6,900,365 Totals at JBG SMITH Share (3) National Landing 2,856 2,315,347 95.5 94.7 100.0 D.C. 3,139 2,670,089 94.8 93.4 92.4 MD 760 698,876 89.9 90.3 95.1 Operating - Total / Weighted Average 6,755 5,684,312 94.5 93.6 93.4 Under-construction assets 1,583 1,214,951 

 Note: At 100 share, unless otherwise noted. (1) C denotes a consolidated interest and U denotes an unconsolidated interest. (2) Y denotes an asset as same store and N denotes an asset as non-same store. (3) 2221 S. Clark Street - Residential and 900 W Street are excluded from percent leased and percent occupied metrics as they are operated as short-term rental properties . (4) In October 2022, we acquired an additional 3.7 ownership interest in The Wren, increasing our ownership interest to 99.7 . In February 2023, we acquired the remaining 0.3 ownership interest in The Wren, increasing our ownership interest to 100.0 . (5) In August 2022, we acquired the remaining 36.0 ownership interest in Atlantic Plumbing. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. (6) In October 2022, we acquired the remaining 50.0 ownership interest in 8001 Woodmont. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. (7) In 2021, we leased the land underlying 1900 Crystal Drive and 2000/2001 South Bell Street to a lessee. The assets are consolidated in our financial statements as they are owned through variable interest entities for which we are the primary beneficiary. See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Development Pipeline 

Estimated Estimated Potential Development Density (SF) Number of Asset Ownership Total Office Multifamily Retail Units National Landing 3330 Exchange Avenue (1) 50.0 239,800 216,400 23,400 240 3331 Exchange Avenue (1) 50.0 180,600 164,300 16,300 170 Potomac Yard Landbay F/G/H (2) 50.0 / 100.0 2,614,000 1,369,000 1,147,000 98,000 1,240 2250 Crystal Drive 100.0 696,200 681,300 14,900 825 1415 S. Eads Street 100.0 531,400 527,400 4,000 635 223 23rd Street 100.0 492,100 484,100 8,000 610 101 12th Street S. 100.0 239,600 234,400 5,200 RiverHouse Land 100.0 1,988,400 1,960,600 27,800 1,665 2525 Crystal Drive 100.0 373,000 370,000 3,000 370 1800 South Bell Street Land (3) 100.0 255,000 245,000 10,000 D.C. Gallaudet Parcel 2-3 (4) (5) 100.0 819,100 758,200 60,900 820 5 M Street Southwest 100.0 664,700 648,400 16,300 650 Capitol Point - North 100.0 738,300 705,500 32,800 760 Gallaudet Parcel 4 (5) 100.0 577,700 514,800 62,900 645 Other Development Parcels (6) 2,057,600 1,604,400 453,200 Total 12,467,500 3,452,800 8,631,200 383,500 8,630 Totals at JBG SMITH Share National Landing 6,593,000 1,313,900 5,137,300 141,800 5,280 D.C. 2,992,100 149,600 2,669,600 172,900 2,875 Other 145,700 89,700 56,000 9,730,800 1,553,200 7,862,900 314,700 8,155 

 Note: At 100 share, unless otherwise noted. (1) Formerly referred to as Potomac Yard Landbay F Block 19 and 15. (2) The ownership percentage for Potomac Yard Landbay F/G is 50.0 , and the ownership percentage for Potomac Yard Landbay H is 100.0 . (3) Currently encumbered by an operating commercial asset. (4) Formerly referred to as Gallaudet Parcel 1-3. (5) Controlled through an option to acquire a leasehold interest. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining term for the option is 1.8 years. (6) Comprises six assets in which we have a minority interest. 809,500 SF is currently encumbered by two operating commercial assets. 
 Major Tenants The following table sets forth information for our 10 largest tenants by annualized rent for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

At JBG SMITH Share Annualized of Total Number of Square of Total Rent Annualized Tenant Leases Feet Square Feet (In thousands) Rent GSA 40 1,940,799 26.4 77,585 23.2 Amazon 8 1,035,347 14.1 44,927 13.4 Gartner, Inc 1 174,424 2.4 12,442 3.7 Lockheed Martin Corporation 2 207,095 2.8 9,734 2.9 Booz Allen Hamilton Inc 3 159,610 2.2 8,020 2.4 Accenture LLP 2 116,736 1.6 5,987 1.8 Public Broadcasting Service 1 120,328 1.6 4,866 1.5 Evolent Health LLC 1 90,905 1.2 4,693 1.4 Greenberg Traurig LLP 1 64,090 0.9 4,595 1.4 The International Justice Mission 1 74,833 1.0 4,348 1.3 Total 60 3,984,167 54.2 177,197 53.0 

 Note: Includes all in-place leases as of December 31, 2022 for which a tenant has taken occupancy for office and retail space within our Operating Portfolio. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Lease Expirations The following table sets forth as of December 31, 2022 the scheduled expirations of tenant leases in our Operating Portfolio for each year from 2023 through 2031 and thereafter, assuming no exercise of renewal options or early termination rights: 

At JBG SMITH Share of of Annualized Total Annualized Number of Square Total Rent (1) Annualized Rent Per Year of Lease Expiration Leases Feet Square Feet (in thousands) Rent Square Foot (1) Month-to-Month 41 91,420 1.2 1,263 0.4 13.81 2023 99 797,097 10.8 34,846 10.4 43.72 2024 70 1,424,593 19.4 65,051 19.4 45.66 2025 73 730,947 9.9 32,397 9.7 44.32 2026 51 229,012 3.1 11,299 3.4 49.34 2027 38 511,561 7.0 24,037 7.2 46.99 2028 55 416,369 5.7 20,268 6.0 48.68 2029 22 145,570 2.0 6,809 2.0 46.78 2030 28 393,117 5.3 22,182 6.6 56.43 2031 26 597,762 8.1 21,548 6.4 36.05 Thereafter 77 2,018,208 27.5 95,435 28.5 48.22 Total / Weighted Average 580 7,355,656 100.0 335,135 100.0 45.81 

 Note: Includes all in-place leases as of December 31, 2022 for office and retail space within our Operating Portfolio and assuming no exercise of renewal options or early termination rights. The weighted average remaining lease term for the entire portfolio is 5.7 years. (1) Annualized rent and annualized rent per square foot exclude percentage rent and the square footage of tenants that only pay percentage rent. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are, from time to time, involved in legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. In our opinion, the outcome of such matters is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information and Dividends Our common shares trade under the symbol JBGS. On February 14, 2023, there were 799 holders of record of our common shares. This number does not reflect individuals or other entities who hold their shares in street name. Dividends declared for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 totaled 0.90 per common share (regular quarterly dividends of 0.225 per common share). While future dividends will be declared at the discretion of our Board of Trustees and will depend upon cash generated by our operating activities, our financial condition, capital requirements, annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code and such other factors as our Board of Trustees deems relevant, management currently expects regular quarterly dividends in 2023 will be comparable in amount with those declared in 2022. To qualify for the beneficial tax treatment accorded to REITs under the Code, we are currently required to make distributions to holders of our shares in an amount equal to at least 90 of our REIT taxable income as defined in Section 857 of the Code. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 The annual distribution amounts are different from dividends as calculated for federal income tax purposes. Distributions to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes generally will be taxable to a shareholder as ordinary dividend income. Distributions in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits will be treated as a nontaxable reduction of the shareholder s basis in the shareholder s shares, to the extent thereof, and thereafter as taxable capital gain. Distributions that are treated as a reduction of the shareholder s basis in its shares will have the effect of increasing the amount of gain, or reducing the amount of loss, recognized upon the sale of the shareholder s shares. No assurances can be given regarding what portion, if any, of distributions in 2023 or subsequent years will constitute a return of capital for federal income tax purposes. During a year in which a REIT earns a net long-term capital gain, the REIT can elect under Section 857(b)(3) of the Code to designate a portion of dividends paid to shareholders as capital gain dividends. If this election is made, the capital gain dividends are generally taxable to the shareholder as long-term capital gains. Performance Graph This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. The graph below compares the cumulative total return of our common shares, the S P MidCap 400 Index and the FTSE Nareit Equity Office Index, from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022. The comparison assumes 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in our common shares and in each of the foregoing indexes and assumes reinvestment of dividends, as applicable. We have included the FTSE Nareit Equity Office Index because we believe that it is representative of the industry in which we compete and is relevant to an assessment of our performance. There can be no assurance that the performance of our shares will continue in line with the same or similar trends depicted in the graph below. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 JBG SMITH Properties 100.00 103.03 120.79 97.58 92.29 63.64 S P MidCap 400 Index 100.00 88.92 112.21 127.54 159.12 138.34 FTSE Nareit Equity Office Index 100.00 85.50 112.36 91.65 111.81 69.75 Sales of Unregistered Shares During the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not sell any unregistered securities. Repurchases of Equity Securities In March 2020, our Board of Trustees authorized the repurchase of up to 500.0 million of our outstanding common shares, which it increased to an aggregate of 1.0 billion in June 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased and retired 14.2 million common shares for 361.0 million, a weighted average purchase price per share of 25.49. Since we began the share repurchase program, we have repurchased and retired 23.3 million common shares for 623.5 million, a weighted average purchase price per share of 26.74. Purchases under the program are made either in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions from time to time as permitted by federal securities laws and other legal requirements. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined by us at our discretion and will be subject to economic and market conditions, share price, applicable legal requirements and other factors. The program may be suspended or discontinued at our discretion without prior notice . Equity Compensation Plan Information Information regarding equity compensation plans is presented in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 6. [RESERVED] ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion is intended to provide material information relevant to our financial condition and results of operations, including cash flows, and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing in Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Organization and Basis of Presentation JBG SMITH, a Maryland REIT, owns and operates a portfolio of commercial and multifamily assets amenitized with ancillary retail. Our portfolio reflects our longstanding strategy of owning and operating assets within Metro-served submarkets in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area with high barriers to entry and vibrant urban amenities. Approximately two-thirds of our portfolio is in National Landing, which is anchored by four key demand drivers: Amazon s new headquarters, which is being developed by us; Virginia Tech s under-construction 1 billion Innovation Campus; the submarket s proximity to the Pentagon; and our deployment of next-generation public and private 5G digital infrastructure. In addition, our third-party asset management and real estate services business provides fee-based real estate services to the WHI, the JBG Legacy Funds and other third parties. Substantially all our assets are held by, and our operations are conducted through, JBG SMITH LP. We were organized for the purpose of receiving, via the spin-off on July 17, 2017, substantially all the assets and liabilities of Vornado s Washington, D.C. segment. On July 18, 2017, we acquired the management business and certain assets and liabilities of JBG. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under sections 856-860 of the Code. Under those sections, a REIT which distributes at least 90 of its REIT taxable income as dividends to its shareholders each year and which meets certain other conditions will not be taxed on that portion of its taxable income which is distributed to its shareholders. We currently adhere and intend to continue to adhere to these requirements and to maintain our REIT status in future periods. As a REIT, we can reduce our taxable income by distributing all or a portion of such taxable income to shareholders. Future distributions will be declared and paid at the discretion of the Board of Trustees and will depend upon cash generated by operating activities, our financial condition, capital requirements, annual dividend requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code, and such other factors as our Board of Trustees deems relevant. We also participate in the activities conducted by our subsidiary entities that have elected to be treated as TRSs under the Code. As such, we are subject to federal, state, and local taxes on the income from these activities. Income taxes attributable to our TRSs are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Under the asset and liability method, deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements, which will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future. We aggregate our operating segments into three reportable segments (commercial, multifamily, and third-party asset management and real estate services) based on the economic characteristics and nature of our assets and services. We compete with many property owners and developers. Our success depends upon, among other factors, trends affecting national and local economies, the financial condition and operating results of current and prospective tenants, the availability and cost of capital, interest rates, construction and renovation costs, taxes, governmental regulations and legislation, population trends, zoning laws, and our ability to lease, sublease or sell our assets at profitable levels. Our success is also subject to our ability to refinance existing debt on acceptable terms as it comes due. Overview As of December 31, 2022, our Operating Portfolio consisted of 51 operating assets comprising 31 commercial assets totaling 9.7 million square feet (8.4 million square feet at our share), 18 multifamily assets totaling 6,756 units (6,755 units at our share) and two wholly owned land assets for which we are the ground lessor. Additionally, we have two under-construction multifamily assets with 1,583 units (1,583 units at our share) and 20 assets in the development pipeline totaling 12.5 million square feet (9.7 million square feet at our share) of estimated potential development density. We continue to implement our comprehensive plan to reposition our holdings in National Landing in Northern Virginia by executing a broad array of Placemaking strategies. Our Placemaking includes the delivery of new multifamily and office developments, locally sourced amenity retail, and thoughtful improvements to the streetscape, sidewalks, parks and other outdoor gathering spaces. In keeping with our dedication to Placemaking, each new project is intended to contribute to authentic and distinct neighborhoods by creating a vibrant street environment with robust retail offerings and other amenities, including improved public spaces. Additionally, the cutting-edge digital infrastructure investments we are making, including our ownership of Citizens Broadband Radio Service wireless spectrum in National Landing and our agreements with AT T and Federated Wireless, are advancing our efforts to make National Landing among the first 5G-operable submarkets in the nation. Amazon s new headquarters is located in National Landing. We currently have leases with Amazon totaling 1.0 million square feet across six office buildings in National Landing. We sold Amazon two of our National Landing development sites, Metropolitan Park and Pen Place. We are the developer, property manager and retail leasing agent for Amazon s new headquarters at National Landing. We are currently constructing two new office buildings for Amazon on Metropolitan Park, totaling 2.1 million square feet, inclusive of approximately 50,000 square feet of street-level retail with new shops and restaurants. We expect to deliver Metropolitan Park and Amazon to occupy it this summer. Outlook A fundamental component of our strategy to maximize long-term NAV per share is active capital allocation. We evaluate development, acquisition, disposition, share repurchases and other investment decisions based on how they may impact 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 long-term NAV per share. We intend to continue to opportunistically sell or recapitalize assets as well as land sites where a ground lease or joint venture execution may represent the most attractive path to maximizing value. Successful execution of our capital allocation strategy enables us to source capital at NAV from the disposition of assets generating low cash yields and invest those proceeds in new acquisitions with higher cash yields and growth, as well as in development projects with significant yield spreads and profit potential. We view this strategy as a key tool to source capital. Consequently, at any given time, we expect to be in various stages of discussions and negotiations with potential buyers, real estate venture partners, ground lessors, and other counterparties with respect to sales, joint ventures, and/or ground leases for certain of our assets, including portfolios thereof. These discussions and negotiations may or may not lead to definitive documentation or closed transactions. We anticipate redeploying the proceeds from these sales will not only help fund our planned growth, but will also further advance the strategic shift of our portfolio to majority multifamily. However, curbed lending activity has significantly slowed down the pace of asset sales and we expect this reduced activity to continue into 2023. As we look to preserve balance sheet strength and flexibility, any new development or acquisition will be largely dependent on executing additional dispositions. In the meantime, we continue to advance our two under-construction multifamily assets in National Landing, 1900 Crystal Drive and 2000/2001 South Bell Street, totaling 1,583 units. Our office portfolio occupancy as of December 31, 2022 increased by 220 basis points compared to December 31, 2021. Although new leasing has been slow to recover and will likely continue to lag due to delayed return-to-the office plans and decision-making related to future office utilization, we were able to execute 936,000 square feet of office leases during the year at our share, over 20 of which comprised new leases in National Landing. We have 739,700 square feet of office leases expiring in 2023 with another 40,400 square feet currently in month-to-month status. Our ability to renew or re-lease this space will impact our occupancy in 2023. Our multifamily portfolio occupancy as of December 31, 2022 increased by 180 basis points compared to December 31, 2021. For fourth quarter lease expirations, we increased rents by 9.7 upon renewal while achieving a 55.7 renewal rate across our portfolio. Operating Results Highlights of operating results for the year ended December 31, 2022 included: net income attributable to common shareholders of 85.4 million, or 0.70 per diluted common share, compared to a net loss attributable to common shareholders of 79.3 million, or 0.63 per diluted common share, for 2021; third-party real estate services revenue, including reimbursements, of 89.0 million compared to 114.0 million for 2021; operating commercial portfolio leased and occupied percentages at our share of 88.5 and 85.1 compared to 84.9 and 82.9 as of December 31, 2021; operating multifamily portfolio leased and occupied percentages (1) at our share of 94.5 and 93.6 compared to 93.6 and 91.8 as of December 31, 2021; the leasing of 936,000 square feet at our share, at an initial rent (2) of 46.41 per square foot and a GAAP-basis weighted average rent per square foot (3) of 45.44; and an increase in same store (4) NOI of 12.1 to 302.3 million compared to 269.7 million for 2021. 

(1) 2221 S. Clark Street - Residential and 900 W Street are excluded from leased and occupied percentages as they are operated as short-term rental properties. (2) Represents the cash basis weighted average starting rent per square foot, which excludes free rent and fixed escalations. (3) Represents the weighted average rent per square foot recognized over the term of the respective leases, including the effect of free rent and fixed escalations. (4) Includes the results of the properties that are owned, operated and in-service for the entirety of both periods being compared except for properties for which significant redevelopment, renovation or repositioning occurred during either of the periods being compared. 

 44 

Table of Contents 
 Additionally, investing and financing activity during the year ended December 31, 2022 included: the acquisition of the remaining 50.0 ownership interest in 8001 Woodmont, a 322-unit multifamily asset in Bethesda, Maryland previously owned by an unconsolidated real estate venture, for a purchase price of 115.0 million, including the assumption of the 51.9 million mortgage loan at our share. The asset was encumbered by a 103.8 million mortgage loan. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information; the acquisition of the remaining 36.0 ownership interest in Atlantic Plumbing, a 310-unit multifamily asset in Washington, D.C. previously owned by an unconsolidated real estate venture, which was encumbered by a 100.0 million mortgage loan, for a purchase price of 19.7 million and our partner s share of the working capital. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information; the sale of the Universal Buildings, Pen Place, a development parcel and a land option for an aggregate gross sales price of 435.4 million. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information; the formation of an unconsolidated real estate venture with affiliates of Fortress Investment Group LLC to recapitalize a 1.6 million square foot office portfolio and land parcels for a gross sales price of 580.0 million comprising four wholly owned commercial assets. See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information; recognition of an aggregate gain of 6.8 million from the sale of various assets by our unconsolidated real estate ventures. See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information; the acquisition of an additional 3.7 interest in The Wren, a multifamily asset owned by a consolidated real estate venture, for 9.5 million, increasing our ownership interest to 99.7 ; the sale of investments in equity securities during the first quarter of 2022 which had been carried at cost, resulting in a realized gain of 13.9 million; the amendment of our 200.0 million Tranche A-1 Term Loan, originally maturing in January 2023, to extend the maturity date to January 2025 with two one-year extension options, and to amend the interest rate to SOFR plus 1.15 to SOFR plus 1.75 , varying based on a ratio of our total outstanding indebtedness to a valuation of certain real property and assets. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information; the amendment of our 200.0 million Tranche A-2 Term Loan to increase its borrowing capacity by 200.0 million. The incremental 200.0 million includes a delayed draw feature, of which 150.0 million was drawn in September 2022 with the remaining 50.0 million undrawn as of the date of this filing. The amendment extends the maturity date of the term loan from July 2024 to January 2028 and amends the interest rate to SOFR plus 1.25 to SOFR plus 1.80 , varying based on a ratio of our total outstanding indebtedness to a valuation of certain real property and assets. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information; the repayment of the outstanding balance on our revolving credit facility totaling 300.0 million, and the amendment of the interest rate to SOFR plus 1.15 to SOFR plus 1.60 , varying based on a ratio of our total outstanding indebtedness to a valuation of certain real property and assets; a new mortgage loan with a principal balance of 97.5 million collateralized by WestEnd25. The mortgage loan has a seven-year term and an interest rate of SOFR plus 1.45 . We also entered into an interest rate swap with a total notional value of 97.5 million, which effectively fixes SOFR at an average interest rate of 2.71 through the maturity date; the payment of dividends totaling 107.7 million and distributions to our noncontrolling interests of 16.4 million; the repurchase and retirement of 14.2 million of our common shares for 361.0 million, a weighted average purchase price per share of 25.49; and the investment of 326.7 million in development, construction in progress and real estate additions. 
 Activity subsequent to December 31, 2022 included: a 187.6 million loan facility, collateralized by The Wren and F1RST Residences. The loan has a seven-year term and a fixed interest rate of 5.13 . This loan is the initial advance under a Fannie Mae multifamily credit facility, which provides flexibility for collateral substitutions, future advances tied to performance, ability to mix fixed and floating rates, as well as stagger maturities. Proceeds from the loan were used to repay the mortgage loan on 2121 Crystal Drive, which had a fixed interest rate of 5.51 . 

 45 

Table of Contents 
 Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that in certain circumstances may significantly impact our financial results. These estimates are prepared using management s best judgment, after considering past and current events and economic conditions. In addition, certain information relied upon by management in preparing such estimates includes internally generated financial and operating information, external market information, when available, and when necessary, information obtained from consultations with third-party experts. Actual results could differ from these estimates. We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if changes in the estimate could have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition. Our significant accounting policies are fully described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements; however, the most critical accounting estimates, which involve the use of judgments as to future uncertainties and, therefore, may result in actual amounts that differ from estimates, are as follows: Asset Acquisitions Description: We account for asset acquisitions, which includes the consolidation of previously unconsolidated real estate ventures, at cost, including transaction costs, plus the fair value of any assumed debt. We estimate the fair values of acquired assets and liabilities assumed based on our evaluation of information and estimates available at the date of acquisition. Based on these estimates, we allocate the purchase price, including all transaction costs related to the acquisition and any contingent consideration, to the identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their relative fair value. Judgments and Uncertainties: Asset acquisitions primarily consist of buildings and land. The fair values of buildings are determined using the as-if vacant approach whereby we use discounted cash flow models with inputs and assumptions that we believe are consistent with current market conditions for similar assets. The most significant assumptions in determining the allocation of the purchase price to buildings are the exit capitalization rate, discount rate, estimated market rents and hypothetical expected lease-up periods, when applicable. We assess the fair value of land based on market comparisons and development projects using an income approach of cost plus a margin. Sensitivity of Estimate to Change: While our methodology did not change in 2022, to the extent the estimates and assumptions in our discounted cash flow models used to value our buildings or our projections of land value change due to market conditions or other factors, our estimated fair values may be different and such differences could be material to our consolidated financial statements. Real Estate Description: Real estate is carried at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. As real estate is undergoing redevelopment activities, all property operating expenses directly associated with and attributable to the redevelopment, including interest expense, are capitalized to the extent that we believe such costs are recoverable through the value of the property. Judgments and Uncertainties: Our real estate and related intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever there are changes in circumstances or indicators that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. These indicators may include declining operating performance, below average occupancy, shortened anticipated holding periods, costs in excess of budgets for under-construction assets and other adverse changes. An impairment exists when the carrying amount of an asset exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. Estimates of future cash flows are based on our current plans, anticipated holding periods and available market information at the time the analyses are prepared. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the asset is not recoverable and is measured based on the excess of the property s carrying amount over its estimated fair value. Estimated fair values are calculated based on the following information in order of preference, dependent upon availability: (i) pending or executed agreements, (ii) market prices for comparable properties or (iii) the sum of discounted cash flows. Sensitivity of Estimate to Change: While our methodology did not change in 2022, if our estimates of future cash flows, anticipated holding periods, asset strategy or fair values change, based on market conditions, anticipated selling prices or 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 other factors, our evaluation of impairment losses may be different and such differences could be material to our consolidated financial statements. Estimates of future cash flows are subjective and are based, in part, on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental rates and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results. Longer anticipated holding periods for real estate assets directly reduce the likelihood of recording an impairment loss. If there is a change in the strategy for an asset or if market conditions dictate a shorter holding period, an impairment loss may be recognized, and such loss could be material. Investments in Real Estate Ventures Description: We use the equity method of accounting for investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures when we have significant influence, but do not have a controlling financial interest. Judgments and Uncertainties: On a periodic basis, we evaluate our investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures for impairment. An investment in a real estate venture is considered impaired if we determine that its fair value is less than the net carrying value of the investment in that real estate venture on an other-than-temporary basis. Cash flow projections for the investments consider property level factors such as expected future operating income, trends and prospects, anticipated holding periods, as well as the effects of demand, competition and other factors. We consider various qualitative factors to determine if a decrease in the value of our investment is other-than-temporary. These factors include the age of the venture, our intent and ability to retain our investment in the real estate venture, financial condition and long-term prospects of the real estate venture and relationships with our partners and banks. If we believe that the decline in the fair value of the investment is temporary, no impairment loss is recorded. If our analysis indicates that there is an other-than temporary impairment related to the investment in a particular real estate venture, the carrying value of the venture will be adjusted to an amount that reflects the estimated fair value of the investment. In the event our investment in a real estate venture is reduced to zero, and we are not obligated to provide for additional losses, have not guaranteed its obligations or otherwise committed to providing financial support, we will discontinue the equity method of accounting until such point that our share of net income equals the share of net losses not recognized during the period the equity method was suspended. Sensitivity of Estimate to Change: While our methodology did not change in 2022, if our cash flow projections or our evaluation of qualitative factors change, based on market conditions or other factors, our evaluation of impairment losses may be different and such differences could be material to our consolidated financial statements. Cash flow projections are subjective and are based, in part, on assumptions regarding expected future operating income, trends and prospects, anticipated holding periods, as well as the effects of demand, competition and other factors that could differ materially from actual results. If our assessment that an impairment is other-than-temporary changes, it could result in an impairment loss that could be material to our consolidated financial statements. Revenue Recognition Description: We have leases with various tenants across our portfolio of properties, which generate rental income and operating cash flows for our benefit. Property rental revenue includes base rent each tenant pays in accordance with the terms of its respective lease and is reported on a straight-line basis over the non-cancellable term of the lease, which includes the effects of periodic step-ups in rent and rent abatements under the lease. Judgments and Uncertainties: We periodically evaluate the collectability of amounts due from tenants and recognize an adjustment to property rental revenue for accounts receivable and deferred rent receivable if we conclude it is not probable we will collect the remaining lease payments under the lease agreements. We exercise judgment in assessing the probability of collection and consider payment history, current credit status and economic outlook in making this determination. Sensitivity of Estimate to Change: If the probability of collection changes, due to tenant creditworthiness, changes to tenant payment patterns or economic trends, our evaluation of collectability may be different and such differences could be material to our consolidated financial statements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of recent accounting pronouncements. Results of Operations The following section discusses certain line items from our consolidated statements of operations and the year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of the year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 , filed with the SEC on February 22, 2022, which is incorporated herein by reference. In 2022, we sold the Universal Buildings and Pen Place, and sold 7200 Wisconsin Avenue, 1730 M Street, RTC-West/RTC-West Trophy Office/RTC-West Land RTC-West and Courthouse Plaza 1 and 2 to an unconsolidated real estate venture. We collectively refer to these assets as the Disposed Properties in the discussion below. In 2022, we acquired the remaining 36.0 ownership interest in Atlantic Plumbing and the remaining 50.0 ownership interest in 8001 Woodmont, which were previously owned by unconsolidated real estate ventures and consolidated upon acquisition. In November 2021, we acquired The Batley. Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to 2021 The following summarizes certain line items from our consolidated statements of operations that we believe are important in understanding our operations and/or those items which significantly changed in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (Dollars in thousands) Property rental revenue 491,738 499,586 (1.6) Third-party real estate services revenue, including reimbursements 89,022 114,003 (21.9) Depreciation and amortization expense 213,771 236,303 (9.5) Property operating expense 150,004 150,638 (0.4) Real estate taxes expense 62,167 70,823 (12.2) General and administrative expense: Corporate and other 58,280 53,819 8.3 Third-party real estate services 94,529 107,159 (11.8) Share-based compensation related to Formation Transaction and special equity awards 5,391 16,325 (67.0) Transaction and other costs 5,511 10,429 (47.2) Loss from unconsolidated real estate ventures, net 17,429 2,070 742.0 Interest and other income, net 18,617 8,835 110.7 Interest expense 75,930 67,961 11.7 Gain on the sale of real estate, net 161,894 11,290 Impairment loss 25,144 (100.0) 

 Not meaningful. Property rental revenue decreased by 7.8 million, or 1.6 , to 491.7 million in 2022 from 499.6 million in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a 50.2 million decrease in revenue from our commercial assets, partially offset by a 40.2 million increase in revenue from our multifamily assets. The decrease in revenue from our commercial assets was primarily due to (i) a 55.4 million decrease related to the Disposed Properties and (ii) a 2.1 million decrease related to 2451 Crystal Drive due to construction management services provided to tenants in 2021, partially offset by (iii) a 3.5 million increase related to the commencement of a lease with Amazon at 2100 Crystal Drive and (iv) a 2.7 million increase related to increased occupancy and higher average daily rates at Crystal City Marriott. The increase in revenue from our multifamily assets was primarily due to (i) a 10.9 million increase related to higher occupancy at several recently developed properties (West Half, The Wren, 900 W Street and 901 W Street), (ii) a 10.5 million increase at RiverHouse, The Bartlett and 2221 S. Clark Street - Residential due to higher occupancy and rents (iii) a 9.7 million increase related to our acquisition of The Batley and (iv) a 6.6 million increase related to the consolidation of Atlantic Plumbing and 8001 Woodmont. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Third-party real estate services revenue, including reimbursements, decreased by 25.0 million, or 21.9 , to 89.0 million in 2022 from 114.0 million in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to (i) a 17.2 million decrease in development fees related to the timing of development projects, (ii) a 5.5 million decrease in reimbursement revenue due to the termination of a management agreement and fewer construction management projects, and (iii) a 2.3 million decrease in asset management fees due to the sale of assets within the JBG Legacy Funds. Depreciation and amortization expense decreased by 22.5 million, or 9.5 , to 213.8 million in 2022 from 236.3 million in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a 33.3 million decrease related to the Disposed Properties and a 4.9 million decrease related to 2345 Crystal Drive primarily due to the amortization and disposal of certain tenant improvements in 2021. The decrease in depreciation and amortization expense was partially offset by (i) an 8.0 million increase related to our acquisition of The Batley, (ii) a 5.9 million increase related to the consolidation of Atlantic Plumbing and 8001 Woodmont and (iii) a 1.8 million increase related to 2221 S. Clark Street Office due to the amortization and disposal of certain tenant improvements. Property operating expense decreased by 634,000, or 0.4 , to 150.0 million in 2022 from 150.6 million in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a 19.4 million decrease related to the Disposed Properties, partially offset by (i) a 10.9 million increase in property expenses across our portfolio, primarily related to higher repairs and maintenance, utilities, cleaning, insurance, and payroll, primarily due to higher tenant occupancy and rising costs, (ii) a 3.2 million increase related to our acquisition of The Batley, (iii) a 2.7 million increase related to the consolidation of Atlantic Plumbing and 8001 Woodmont, and (iv) a 2.0 million increase related to digital infrastructure initiatives in National Landing. Real estate tax expense decreased by 8.7 million, or 12.2 , to 62.2 million in 2022 from 70.8 million in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a 9.0 million decrease related to the Disposed Properties. General and administrative expense: corporate and other increased by 4.5 million, or 8.3 , to 58.3 million in 2022 from 53.8 million in 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher compensation expenses. General and administrative expense: third-party real estate services decreased by 12.6 million, or 11.8 , to 94.5 million in 2022 from 107.2 million in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in reimbursable and compensation expenses. General and administrative expense: share-based compensation related to Formation Transaction and special equity awards decreased by 10.9 million, or 67.0 , to 5.4 million in 2022 from 16.3 million in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the graded vesting of certain awards issued in prior years, which resulted in lower expense as portions of the awards vested, and the recapture of expense from forfeited awards. Transaction and other costs of 5.5 million in 2022 consisted of (i) 2.7 million of expenses related to completed, potential and pursued transactions, (ii) 2.0 million of integration and severance costs, and (iii) 813,000 of demolition costs primarily related to 223 23 rd Street and 2250/2300 Crystal Drive. Transaction and other costs of 10.4 million in 2021 consisted of (i) 5.8 million of expenses related to completed, potential and pursued transactions, (ii) 3.6 million of demolition costs related to 2000/2001 South Bell Street and (iii) 1.0 million of integration and severance costs. Loss from unconsolidated real estate ventures increased by 15.4 million, or 742.0 , to 17.4 million for 2022 from 2.1 million in 2021. The increase was primarily due to a 21.5 million reduction in gains at our share from the sale of various assets in 2022 compared to 2021, partially offset by a 6.0 million decrease in impairment losses in 2022 compared to 2021. Interest and other income of 18.6 million in 2022 was primarily related to (i) a net realized gain of 12.3 million primarily from the sale of investments in equity securities, which had been carried at cost, during the first quarter of 2022, (ii) 3.2 million in interest income primarily on cash and cash equivalents and (iii) a 2.1 million unrealized gain related to equity investments carried at fair value. Interest and other income of 8.8 million in 2021 was primarily related to 4.5 million of business interruption insurance proceeds received for COVID-19 related losses and 3.6 million of net investment income from investment funds entered into in 2021. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Interest expense increased by 8.0 million, or 11.7 , to 75.9 million in 2022 from 68.0 million in 2021. The increase in interest expense was primarily due to (i) a 7.3 million increase due to new mortgage loans entered into at WestEnd25, 1225 S. Clark Street and 1215 S. Clark Street, (ii) a 5.1 million increase related to 4747 Bethesda Avenue and The Bartlett due to rising interest rates, (iii) a 2.6 million increase related to the consolidation of Atlantic Plumbing and 8001 Woodmont, (iv) a 2.0 million increase related to a higher average outstanding balance and higher interest rates on our revolving credit facility and (v) a 1.2 million increase related to additional draws on our term loans. The increase in interest expense was partially offset by a 6.7 million increase in the fair value of our interest rate caps as a result of rising interest rates and a 4.2 million increase in capitalized interest primarily related to 1900 Crystal Drive. Gain on the sale of real estate of 161.9 million in 2022 was primarily due to the sale of the Disposed Properties. Gain on the sale of real estate of 11.3 million in 2021 was based on the cash received and the remeasurement of our retained interest in the land we contributed to one of our unconsolidated real estate ventures. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. Impairment loss of 25.1 million in 2021 was related to 7200 Wisconsin Avenue, RTC-West and a development parcel, which were written down to their estimated fair value and subsequently sold to an unconsolidated real estate venture in April 2022. FFO FFO is a non-GAAP financial measure computed in accordance with the definition established by Nareit in the Nareit FFO White Paper - 2018 Restatement. Nareit defines FFO as net income (loss) (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding depreciation and amortization expense related to real estate, gains and losses from the sale of certain real estate assets, gains and losses from change in control and impairment write-downs of certain real estate assets and investments in entities when the impairment is directly attributable to decreases in the value of depreciable real estate held by the entity, including our share of such adjustments for unconsolidated real estate ventures. We believe FFO is a meaningful non-GAAP financial measure useful in comparing our levered operating performance from period-to-period and compared to similar real estate companies because FFO excludes real estate depreciation and amortization expense, which implicitly assumes that the value of real estate diminishes predictably over time rather than fluctuating based on market conditions, and other non-comparable income and expenses. FFO does not represent cash generated from operating activities and is not necessarily indicative of cash available to fund cash requirements and should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) (computed in accordance with GAAP), as a performance measure or cash flow as a liquidity measure. FFO may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 The following is the reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, to FFO: 

Year Ended December 31, X 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders 85,371 (79,257) (62,303) Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 13,244 (8,728) (4,958) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 371 (1,740) Net income (loss) 98,986 (89,725) (67,261) Gain on the sale of real estate, net of tax (158,769) (11,290) (59,477) Gain on the sale of unconsolidated real estate assets (6,797) (28,326) 2,126 Real estate depreciation and amortization 204,752 227,424 211,455 Real estate impairment loss, net of tax (1) 24,301 7,805 Impairment related to unconsolidated real estate ventures (2) 19,286 25,263 6,522 Pro rata share of real estate depreciation and amortization from unconsolidated real estate ventures 21,169 28,216 28,949 FFO attributable to noncontrolling interests (735) 1,522 (9) FFO attributable to OP Units 177,892 177,385 130,110 FFO attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests (21,846) (18,034) (14,163) FFO attributable to common shareholders 156,046 159,351 115,947 

 (1) In connection with the preparation and review of our annual consolidated financial statements, we determined certain assets were impaired and recorded impairment losses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 totaling 25.1 million 24.3 million net of tax) and 10.2 million (of which 7.8 million related to real estate). (2) Related to decreases in the value of the underlying real estate assets. 
 NOI and Same Store NOI NOI is a non-GAAP financial measure management uses to assess an asset s performance. The most directly comparable GAAP measure is net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders. We use NOI internally as a performance measure and believe NOI provides useful information to investors regarding our financial condition and results of operations because it reflects only property related revenue (which includes base rent, tenant reimbursements and other operating revenue, net of free rent and payments associated with assumed lease liabilities) less operating expenses and ground rent for operating leases, if applicable. NOI also excludes deferred rent, related party management fees, interest expense, and certain other non-cash adjustments, including the accretion of acquired below-market leases and the amortization of acquired above-market leases and below-market ground lease intangibles. Management uses NOI as a supplemental performance measure of our assets and believes it provides useful information to investors because it reflects only those revenue and expense items that are incurred at the asset level, excluding non-cash items. In addition, NOI is considered by many in the real estate industry to be a useful starting point for determining the value of a real estate asset or group of assets. However, because NOI excludes depreciation and amortization expense and captures neither the changes in the value of our assets that result from use or market conditions, nor the level of capital expenditures and capitalized leasing commissions necessary to maintain the operating performance of our assets, all of which have real economic effect and could materially impact the financial performance of our assets, the utility of NOI as a measure of the operating performance of our assets is limited. NOI presented by us may not be comparable to NOI reported by other REITs that define these measures differently. We believe to facilitate a clear understanding of our operating results, NOI should be examined in conjunction with net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders as presented in our consolidated financial statements. NOI should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders as an indication of our performance or to cash flows as a measure of liquidity or our ability to make distributions. Information provided on a same store basis includes the results of properties that are owned, operated and in-service for the entirety of both periods being compared, which excludes disposed properties or properties for which significant redevelopment, renovation or repositioning occurred during either of the periods being compared. During the year ended December 31, 2022, our same store pool decreased to 47 properties from 55 properties due to (i) the exclusion of The Alaire, The Terano, Galvan and The Gale Eckington, which were sold during the period, (ii) the exclusion of 2221 S. Clark 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Street Office, which was taken out of service, (iii) the exclusion of Universal Buildings, 7200 Wisconsin Avenue, 1730 M Street, RTC-West, Courthouse Plaza 1 and 2, which were sold to an unconsolidated real estate venture during the period and for which our investment in the venture was written down to zero and we have discontinued applying the equity method of accounting, (iv) the exclusion of the L Enfant Plaza assets (L Enfant Plaza Office East, L Enfant Plaza Office North and L Enfant Plaza Retail), assets owned through an unconsolidated real estate venture for which our investment in the venture was written down to zero and we have discontinued applying the equity method of accounting, and (v) the inclusion of West Half, 901 W Street, 900 W Street, 1770 Crystal Drive and 4747 Bethesda Avenue as they were in service for the entirety of the comparable periods. While there is judgment surrounding changes in designations, a property is removed from the same store pool when the property is considered to be under-construction because it is undergoing significant redevelopment or renovation pursuant to a formal plan or is being repositioned in the market and such renovation or repositioning is expected to have a significant impact on property NOI. A development property or under-construction property is moved to the same store pool once a substantial portion of the growth expected from the development or redevelopment is reflected in both the current and comparable prior year period. Acquisitions are moved into the same store pool once we have owned the property for the entirety of the comparable periods and the property is not under significant development or redevelopment. Same store NOI increased by 32.5 million, or 12.1 , to 302.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 269.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was substantially attributable to (i) higher occupancy and rents and lower concessions in our multifamily portfolio, (ii) higher occupancy and average daily rates at the Crystal City Marriott, (iii) an increase in parking revenue in our commercial portfolio and (iv) abatement burn-off at certain assets, partially offset by (v) higher utilities and cleaning expenses. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 The following is the reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders to NOI and same store NOI: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders 85,371 (79,257) Add: Depreciation and amortization expense 213,771 236,303 General and administrative expense: Corporate and other 58,280 53,819 Third-party real estate services 94,529 107,159 Share-based compensation related to Formation Transaction and special equity awards 5,391 16,325 Transaction and other costs 5,511 10,429 Interest expense 75,930 67,961 Loss on the extinguishment of debt 3,073 Impairment loss 25,144 Income tax expense 1,264 3,541 Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 13,244 (8,728) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 371 (1,740) Less: Third-party real estate services, including reimbursements revenue 89,022 114,003 Other revenue 7,421 7,671 Loss from unconsolidated real estate ventures, net (17,429) (2,070) Interest and other income, net 18,617 8,835 Gain on the sale of real estate, net 161,894 11,290 Consolidated NOI 297,210 291,227 NOI attributable to unconsolidated real estate ventures at our share 26,861 29,232 Non-cash rent adjustments (1) (17,442) (15,539) Other adjustments (2) 27,739 20,732 Total adjustments 37,158 34,425 NOI 334,368 325,652 Less: out-of-service NOI loss (3) (4,849) (6,382) Operating Portfolio NOI 339,217 332,034 Non-same store NOI (4) 36,962 62,293 Same store NOI (5) 302,255 269,741 Change in same store NOI 12.1 Number of properties in same store pool 47 

 (1) Adjustment to exclude straight-line rent, above/below market lease amortization and lease incentive amortization. (2) Adjustment to include other revenue and payments associated with assumed lease liabilities related to operating properties and to exclude commercial lease termination revenue and allocated corporate general and administrative expenses to operating properties. (3) Includes the results of our under-construction assets and assets in the development pipeline. (4) Includes the results of properties that were not in-service for the entirety of both periods being compared, including disposed properties, and properties for which significant redevelopment, renovation or repositioning occurred during either of the periods being compared. (5) Includes the results of the properties that are owned, operated and in-service for the entirety of both periods being compared. 
 Reportable Segments We review operating and financial data for each property on an individual basis; therefore, each of our individual properties is a separate operating segment. We define our reportable segments to be aligned with our method of internal reporting and the way our Chief Executive Officer, who is also our CODM, makes key operating decisions, evaluates financial results, allocates resources and manages our business. Accordingly, we aggregate our operating segments into three reportable segments (commercial, multifamily, and third-party asset management and real estate services) based on the economic characteristics and nature of our assets and services. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 The CODM measures and evaluates the performance of our operating segments, with the exception of the third-party asset management and real estate services business, based on the NOI of properties within each segment. With respect to the third-party asset management and real estate services business, the CODM reviews revenue streams generated by this segment Third-party real estate services, including reimbursements ), as well as the expenses attributable to the segment General and administrative: third-party real estate services ), which are both disclosed separately in our consolidated statements of operations. The following represents the components of revenue from our third-party asset management and real estate services business: 

Year Ended December 31, X 2022 2021 (In thousands) Property management fees 19,589 19,427 Asset management fees 6,191 8,468 Development fees 8,325 25,493 Leasing fees 6,017 5,833 Construction management fees 522 512 Other service revenue 5,706 6,146 Third-party real estate services revenue, excluding reimbursements 46,350 65,879 Reimbursement revenue (1) 42,672 48,124 Third-party real estate services revenue, including reimbursements 89,022 114,003 Third-party real estate services expenses 94,529 107,159 Third-party real estate services revenue less expenses (5,507) 6,844 

 (1) Represents reimbursements of expenses incurred by us on behalf of third parties, including allocated payroll costs and amounts paid to third-party contractors for construction management projects. 
 See discussion of third-party real estate services revenue, including reimbursements, and third-party real estate services expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 in the preceding pages under Results of Operations. Consistent with internal reporting presented to our CODM and our definition of NOI, the third-party asset management and real estate services operating results are excluded from the NOI data below. To conform to the current period presentation, we have reclassified the prior period segment financial data for 1700 M Street, for which we are the ground lessor, that had been classified as part of the commercial segment to the other segment to better align with our internal reporting. Property revenue is calculated as property rental revenue plus parking revenue. Property expense is calculated as property operating expenses plus real estate taxes. Consolidated NOI is calculated as property revenue less property expense. See Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for the reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders to consolidated NOI for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following is a summary of NOI by segment: 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, X 2022 2021 (In thousands) Property revenue: Commercial 318,485 364,621 Multifamily 180,925 140,333 Other (1) 9,971 7,734 Total property revenue 509,381 512,688 Property expense: Commercial 124,173 148,668 Multifamily 82,597 72,734 Other (1) 5,401 59 Total property expense 212,171 221,461 Consolidated NOI: Commercial 194,312 215,953 Multifamily 98,328 67,599 Other (1) 4,570 7,675 Consolidated NOI 297,210 291,227 

 (1) Includes activity related to development assets and corporate entities, and the elimination of intersegment activity. 
 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to 2021 Commercial: Property revenue decreased by 46.1 million, or 12.7 , to 318.5 million in 2022 from 364.6 million in 2021. Consolidated NOI decreased by 21.6 million, or 10.0 , to 194.3 million in 2022 from 216.0 million in 2021. The decreases in property revenue and consolidated NOI were due to the Disposed Properties, which were partially offset by an increase at the Crystal City Marriott due to higher occupancy and higher average daily rates, and an increase in parking revenue driven by an increase in both contract and transient parking. Multifamily: Property revenue increased by 40.6 million, or 28.9 , to 180.9 million in 2022 from 140.3 million in 2021. Consolidated NOI increased by 30.7 million, or 45.5 , to 98.3 million in 2022 from 67.6 million in 2021. The increases in property revenue and consolidated NOI were due to our acquisition of The Batley in November 2021, the consolidation of Atlantic Plumbing and 8001 Woodmont in 2022, and higher occupancy and rental rates across the portfolio. The increase in consolidated NOI was partially offset by an increase in operating costs. Liquidity and Capital Resources Property rental revenue is our primary source of operating cash flow and depends on many factors including occupancy levels and rental rates, as well as our tenants ability to pay rent. In addition, our third-party asset management and real estate services business provides fee-based real estate services to the WHI, the JBG Legacy Funds and other third parties. Our assets provide a relatively consistent level of cash flow that enables us to pay operating expenses, debt service, recurring capital expenditures, dividends to shareholders and distributions to holders of OP Units and LTIP Units. Other sources of liquidity to fund cash requirements include proceeds from financings, recapitalizations, asset sales and the issuance and sale of securities. We anticipate that cash flows from continuing operations and proceeds from financings, recapitalizations and asset sales, together with existing cash balances, will be adequate to fund our business operations, debt amortization, capital expenditures, any dividends to shareholders and distributions to holders of OP Units and LTIP Units over the next 12 months. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Financing Activities The following is a summary of mortgage loans: 

Weighted Average Effective December 31, Interest Rate (1) 2022 2021 (In thousands) Variable rate (2) 5.21 892,268 867,246 Fixed rate (3) 4.44 1,009,607 921,013 Mortgage loans 1,901,875 1,788,259 Unamortized deferred financing costs and premium/discount, net (4) (11,701) (10,560) Mortgage loans, net 1,890,174 1,777,699 

 (1) Weighted average effective interest rate as of December 31, 2022. (2) Includes variable rate mortgage loans with interest rate cap agreements. For mortgage loans with interest rate caps, the weighted average interest rate cap strike is 2.64 , and the weighted average maturity date of the interest rate caps is September 27, 2023. The interest rate cap strike is exclusive of the credit spreads associated with the mortgage loans. As of December 31, 2022, one-month LIBOR was 4.39 and one-month term SOFR was 4.36 , as applicable. (3) Includes variable rate mortgage loans with interest rates fixed by interest rate swap agreements . (4) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, excludes 2.2 million and 6.4 million of net deferred financing costs related to unfunded mortgage loans that were included in Other assets, net. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the net carrying value of real estate collateralizing our mortgage loans totaled 2.2 billion and 1.8 billion. Our mortgage loans contain covenants that limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness on these properties and, in certain circumstances, require lender approval of tenant leases and/or yield maintenance upon repayment prior to maturity. Certain mortgage loans are recourse to us. See Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. In August 2022, we entered into a mortgage loan with a principal balance of 97.5 million collateralized by WestEnd25. The mortgage loan has a seven-year term and an interest rate of SOFR plus 1.45 . We also entered into an interest rate swap with a total notional value of 97.5 million, which effectively fixes SOFR at an average interest rate of 2.71 through the maturity date. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we entered into two separate mortgage loans with an aggregate principal balance of 190.0 million, collateralized by 1225 S. Clark Street and 1215 S. Clark Street. In January 2023, we entered into a 187.6 million loan facility, collateralized by The Wren and F1RST Residences. The loan has a seven-year term and a fixed interest rate of 5.13 . This loan is the initial advance under a Fannie Mae multifamily credit facility, which provides flexibility for collateral substitutions, future advances tied to performance, ability to mix fixed and floating rates, as well as stagger maturities. Proceeds from the loan were used to repay the mortgage loan on 2121 Crystal Drive, which had a fixed interest rate of 5.51 . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had various interest rate swap and cap agreements on certain of our mortgage loans with an aggregate notional value of 1.3 billion. See Note 18 for additional information. Credit Facility As of December 31, 2022, our 1.6 billion credit facility consisted of a 1.0 billion revolving credit facility maturing in January 2025, a 200.0 million Tranche A-1 Term Loan maturing in January 2025, and a 400.0 million Tranche A-2 Term Loan maturing in January 2028, of which 50.0 million remains available to be borrowed until July 2023. In January 2022, the Tranche A-1 Term Loan was amended to extend the maturity date to January 2025 with two one-year extension options, and to amend the interest rate to SOFR plus 1.15 to SOFR plus 1.75 , varying based on a ratio of our total outstanding indebtedness to a valuation of certain real property and assets. In connection with the loan amendment, we amended the related interest rate swaps, extending the maturity to July 2024 and converting the hedged rate from one-month LIBOR to one-month term SOFR. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 In July 2022, the Tranche A-2 Term Loan was amended to increase its borrowing capacity by 200.0 million. The incremental 200.0 million includes a delayed draw feature, of which 150.0 million was drawn in September 2022 with the remaining 50.0 million undrawn as of the date of this filing. The amendment extends the maturity date of the term loan from July 2024 to January 2028 and amends the interest rate to SOFR plus 1.25 to SOFR plus 1.80 , varying based on a ratio of our total outstanding indebtedness to a valuation of certain real property and assets. We entered into two interest rate swaps that were effective September 2022 with a total notional value of 150.0 million, which effectively fix SOFR at a weighted average interest rate of 2.15 through the maturity date. We also entered into two forward-starting interest rate swaps that will be effective July 2024 with a total notional value of 200.0 million, which will effectively fix SOFR at a weighted average interest rate of 2.80 through the maturity date. Additionally, we amended the interest rate of the revolving credit facility to SOFR plus 1.15 to SOFR plus 1.60 , varying based on a ratio of our total outstanding indebtedness to a valuation of certain real property and assets. The following is a summary of amounts outstanding under the credit facility: 

Effective December 31, Interest Rate (1) 2022 2021 (In thousands) Revolving credit facility (2) (3) 5.51 300,000 Tranche A-1 Term Loan (4) 2.61 200,000 200,000 Tranche A-2 Term Loan (4) 3.40 350,000 200,000 Unsecured term loans 550,000 400,000 Unamortized deferred financing costs, net (2,928) (1,336) Unsecured term loans, net 547,072 398,664 

 (1) Effective interest rate as of December 31, 2022. The interest rate for the revolving credit facility excludes a 0.15 facility fee. (2) As of December 31, 2022, one-month term SOFR was 4.36 . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, letters of credit with an aggregate face amount of 467,000 and 911,000 were outstanding under our revolving credit facility. (3) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, excludes net deferred financing costs related to our revolving credit facility of 3.3 million and 5.0 million that were included in Other assets, net. (4) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance was fixed by interest rate swap agreements. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate swaps fix SOFR at a weighted average interest rate of 1.46 for the Tranche A-1 Term Loan and 2.15 for the Tranche A-2 Term Loan. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had debt with a principal balance totaling 692.7 million and hedging arrangements with a notional value totaling 1.0 billion that use LIBOR as a reference rate. On November 30, 2020, the United Kingdom regulator announced its intentions to cease the publication of the one-week and two-month USD-LIBOR immediately following the December 31, 2021 publications, and the remaining USD-LIBOR tenors immediately following the June 30, 2023 publications. Though an alternative reference rate for LIBOR, the SOFR, exists, significant uncertainties still remain. We can provide no assurance regarding the future of LIBOR and when our LIBOR-based instruments will transition from LIBOR as a reference rate to SOFR or another reference rate. The discontinuation of a benchmark rate or other financial metric, changes in a benchmark rate or other financial metric, or changes in market perceptions of the acceptability of a benchmark rate or other financial metric, including LIBOR, could, among other things, result in increased interest payments, changes to our risk exposures, or require renegotiation of previous transactions. In addition, any such discontinuation or changes, whether actual or anticipated, could result in market volatility, adverse tax or accounting effects, increased compliance, legal and operational costs, and risks associated with contract negotiations. Common Shares Repurchased In March 2020, our Board of Trustees authorized the repurchase of up to 500.0 million of our outstanding common shares, which it increased to an aggregate of 1.0 billion in June 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased and retired 14.2 million common shares for 361.0 million, a weighted average purchase price per share of 25.49. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we repurchased and retired 5.4 million common shares for 157.7 million, a weighted 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 average purchase price per share of 29.34. Since we began the share repurchase program, we have repurchased and retired 23.3 million common shares for 623.5 million, a weighted average purchase price per share of 26.74. Purchases under the program are made either in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions from time to time as permitted by federal securities laws and other legal requirements. The timing, manner, price and amount of any repurchases will be determined by us at our discretion and will be subject to economic and market conditions, share price, applicable legal requirements and other factors. The program may be suspended or discontinued at our discretion without prior notice. Material Cash Requirements Our material cash requirements for the next 12 months and beyond are to fund: normal recurring expenses; debt service and principal repayment obligations, including balloon payments on maturing debt As of December 31, 2022, we had 275.1 million on a consolidated basis and 297.2 million at our share of mortgage loans scheduled to mature in 2023; capital expenditures, including major renovations, tenant improvements and leasing costs As of December 31, 2022, we had committed tenant-related obligations totaling 62.3 million 60.4 million related to our consolidated entities and 1.9 million related to our unconsolidated real estate ventures at our share); development expenditures As of December 31, 2022, we had assets under construction that, based on our current plans and estimates, require an additional 403.5 million to complete, which we anticipate will be primarily expended over the next two to three years; dividends to shareholders and distributions to holders of OP Units and LTIP Units On December 15, 2022, our Board of Trustees declared a quarterly dividend of 0.225 per common share, which was paid on January 12, 2023; possible common share repurchases and possible acquisitions of properties, either directly or indirectly through the acquisition of equity interests. 
 We expect to satisfy these requirements using one or more of the following: cash and cash equivalents As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 241.1 million; cash flows from operations; distributions from real estate ventures; borrowing capacity under our current credit facility As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.0 billion of availability under our credit facility, including 50.0 million undrawn under our Tranche A-2 Term Loan; and proceeds from financings, asset sales and recapitalizations. 
 While we do not expect the need to do so during the next 12 months, we also can issue securities to raise funds. The following is a summary of our material cash requirements as of December 31, 2022: 

Total 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter (In thousands) Material cash requirements (principal and interest): Debt obligations (1) (2) 2,945,998 383,770 224,374 679,768 270,725 400,912 986,449 Operating leases (3) 6,151 1,102 1,163 1,227 1,294 1,365 Other 1,655 1,391 260 4 Total material cash requirements (4) 2,953,804 386,263 225,797 680,999 272,019 402,277 986,449 

58 

Table of Contents 
 (1) Interest was computed giving effect to interest rate hedges. One-month LIBOR of 4.39 or one-month term SOFR of 4.36 was applied to loans, as applicable which are variable (no hedge) or variable with an interest rate cap. Additionally, we assumed no additional borrowings on construction loans. (2) Excludes our proportionate share of unconsolidated real estate venture indebtedness. See additional information in Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures section below. (3) We have operating lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities associated with various ground leases for which we are the lessee in our consolidated balance sheet. See Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. (4) Excludes obligations related to construction or development contracts totaling 403.5 million since payments are only due upon satisfactory performance under the contracts. Also excludes committed tenant-related obligations totaling 62.3 million 60.4 million related to our consolidated entities and 1.9 million related to our unconsolidated real estate ventures at our share) as timing and amounts of payments are uncertain and may only be due upon satisfactory performance of certain conditions. See Commitments and Contingencies section below for additional information. 
 Summary of Cash Flows The following summary discussion of our cash flows is based on our consolidated statements of cash flows and is not meant to be an all-inclusive discussion of the changes in our cash flows: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 178,037 217,622 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 524,021 (368,741) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (730,080) 189,878 Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash decreased 28.0 million to 274.1 million as of December 31, 2022, compared to 302.1 million as of December 31, 2021. This decrease resulted from 730.1 million of net cash used in financing activities, partially offset by 524.0 million of net cash provided by investing activities and 178.0 million of net cash provided by operating activities. Our outstanding debt was 2.5 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Net cash provided by operating activities of 178.0 million primarily comprised: (i) 181.9 million of net income (before 244.8 million of non-cash items and a 161.9 million gain on the sale of real estate), (ii) 11.4 million of return on capital from unconsolidated real estate ventures and (iii) 15.2 million of net change in operating assets and liabilities. Non-cash income adjustments of 244.8 million primarily include depreciation and amortization expense, share-based compensation expense, deferred rent, loss from unconsolidated real estate ventures, net income from investments, amortization of lease incentives and other non-cash items. Net cash provided by investing activities of 524.0 million comprised: (i) 928.9 million of proceeds from the sale of real estate; (ii) 59.7 million of distributions of capital from unconsolidated real estate ventures and (iii) 19.0 million of proceeds from the sale of investments, partially offset by (iv) 326.7 million of development costs, construction in progress and real estate additions, (v) 91.6 million of investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures and other investments and (vi) 65.3 million for the acquisition of real estate. Net cash used in financing activities of 730.1 million primarily comprised: (i) 400.0 million of repayments of our revolving credit facility, (ii) 361.0 million of common shares repurchased, (iii) 270.7 million of repayments of mortgage loans, (iv) 107.7 million of dividends paid to common shareholders, (v) 16.4 million of distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests and (vi) 9.5 million related to the redemption of our partner s noncontrolling interest, partially offset by (vii) 179.7 million of borrowings under mortgage loans, (viii) 150.0 million of borrowings under our unsecured term loan, (ix) 100.0 million of proceeds from borrowings under our revolving credit facility and (x) 9.4 million of contributions from noncontrolling interests. Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures We consolidate entities in which we have a controlling interest or are the primary beneficiary in a variable interest entity. From time to time, we may have off-balance-sheet unconsolidated real estate ventures and other unconsolidated arrangements with varying structures. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures totaling 299.9 million. For these investments, we exercise significant influence over but do not control these entities and, therefore, account for these investments using the equity method of accounting. For a more complete description of our real estate ventures, see Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements. From time to time, we (or ventures in which we have an ownership interest) have agreed, and may in the future agree with respect to unconsolidated real estate ventures, to (i) guarantee portions of the principal, interest and other amounts in connection with borrowings, (ii) provide customary environmental indemnifications and nonrecourse carve-outs (e.g., guarantees against fraud, misrepresentation and bankruptcy) in connection with borrowings or (iii) provide guarantees to lenders and other third parties for the completion of development projects. We customarily have agreements with our outside venture partners whereby the partners agree to reimburse the real estate venture or us for their share of any payments made under certain of these guarantees. At times, we also have agreements with certain of our outside venture partners whereby we agree to either indemnify the partners and/or the associated ventures with respect to certain contingent liabilities associated with operating assets or to reimburse our partner for its share of any payments made by them under certain guarantees. Guarantees (excluding environmental) customarily terminate either upon the satisfaction of specified circumstances or repayment of the underlying debt. Amounts that we may be required to pay in future periods in relation to guarantees associated with budget overruns or operating losses are not estimable. As of December 31, 2022, we had additional capital commitments and certain recorded guarantees to our unconsolidated real estate ventures and other investments totaling 62.8 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had no principal payment guarantees related to our unconsolidated real estate ventures. We evaluate reconsideration events as we become aware of them. Reconsideration events include, among other criteria, amendments to real estate venture agreements or changes in the capital requirements of the real estate venture. A reconsideration event could cause us to consolidate an unconsolidated real estate venture or deconsolidate a consolidated entity. Commitments and Contingencies Insurance We maintain general liability insurance with limits of 150.0 million per occurrence and in the aggregate, and property and rental value insurance coverage with limits of 1.5 billion per occurrence, with sub-limits for certain perils such as floods and earthquakes on each of our properties. We also maintain coverage, through our wholly owned captive insurance subsidiary, for a portion of the first loss on the above limits and for both terrorist acts and for nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological terrorism events with limits of 2.0 billion per occurrence. These policies are partially reinsured by third-party insurance providers. We will continue to monitor the state of the insurance market, and the scope and costs of coverage for acts of terrorism. We cannot anticipate what coverage will be available on commercially reasonable terms in the future. We are responsible for deductibles and losses in excess of the insurance coverage, which could be material. Our debt, consisting of mortgage loans secured by our properties, a revolving credit facility and unsecured term loans, contains customary covenants requiring adequate insurance coverage. Although we believe that we currently have adequate insurance coverage, we may not be able to obtain an equivalent amount of coverage at a reasonable cost in the future. If lenders insist on greater coverage than we are able to obtain, it could adversely affect our ability to finance or refinance our properties. Construction Commitments As of December 31, 2022, we had assets under construction that will, based on our current plans and estimates, require an additional 403.5 million to complete, which we anticipate will be primarily expended over the next two to three years. These capital expenditures are generally due as the work is performed, and we expect to finance them with debt proceeds, proceeds from asset recapitalizations and sales, and available cash. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Other As of December 31, 2022, we had committed tenant-related obligations totaling 62.3 million 60.4 million related to our consolidated entities and 1.9 million related to our unconsolidated real estate ventures at our share). The timing and amounts of payments for tenant-related obligations are uncertain and may only be due upon satisfactory performance of certain conditions. There are various legal actions against us in the ordinary course of business. In our opinion, the outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. With respect to borrowings of our consolidated entities, we have agreed, and may in the future agree, to (i) guarantee portions of the principal, interest and other amounts, (ii) provide customary environmental indemnifications and nonrecourse carve-outs (e.g., guarantees against fraud, misrepresentation and bankruptcy) or (iii) provide guarantees to lenders, tenants and other third parties for the completion of development projects. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of principal payment guarantees was 8.3 million for our consolidated entities. In connection with the Formation Transaction, we have a Tax Matters Agreement that provides special rules that allocate tax liabilities if the distribution of JBG SMITH shares by Vornado, together with certain related transactions, is determined not to be tax-free. Under the Tax Matters Agreement, we may be required to indemnify Vornado against any taxes and related amounts and costs resulting from a violation by us of the Tax Matters Agreement. Environmental Matters Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, an owner of real estate is liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances on that real estate. These laws often impose such liability without regard to whether the owner knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of hazardous or toxic substances. The costs of remediation or removal of these substances may be substantial, and the presence of these substances, or the failure to promptly remediate these substances, may adversely affect the owner s ability to sell the real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral. In connection with the ownership and operation of our assets, we may be potentially liable for these costs. The operations of current and former tenants at our assets have involved, or may have involved, the use of hazardous materials or generated hazardous wastes. The release of these hazardous materials and wastes could result in us incurring liabilities to remediate any resulting contamination. The presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination at our properties may (i) expose us to third-party liability (e.g., for cleanup costs, natural resource damages, bodily injury or property damage), (ii) subject our properties to liens in favor of the government for damages and costs the government incurs in connection with the contamination, (iii) impose restrictions on the manner in which a property may be used or businesses may be operated, or (iv) materially adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or develop the real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral. In addition, our assets are exposed to the risk of contamination originating from other sources. While a property owner may not be responsible for remediating contamination that has migrated onsite from an identifiable and viable offsite source, the contaminant s presence can have adverse effects on operations and the redevelopment of our assets. To the extent we send contaminated materials to other locations for treatment or disposal, we may be liable for the cleanup of those sites if they become contaminated. Most of our assets have been subject to environmental assessments that are intended to evaluate the environmental condition of the assets. These environmental assessments generally have included a historical review, a public records review, a visual inspection of the site and surrounding assets, visual or historical evidence of underground storage tanks, and the preparation and issuance of a written report. Soil and/or groundwater subsurface testing is conducted at our assets, when necessary, to further investigate any issues raised by the initial assessment that could reasonably be expected to pose a material concern to the property or result in us incurring material environmental liabilities as a result of redevelopment. The tests may not, however, have included extensive sampling or subsurface investigations. In each case where the environmental assessments have identified conditions requiring remedial actions required by law, we have initiated appropriate actions. The environmental assessments did not reveal any material environmental contamination that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our overall business, financial condition or results of operations, or that have not been anticipated and remediated during site redevelopment as required by law. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that the identification of new areas of contamination, changes in the extent or known scope of contamination, the discovery of additional sites or changes in cleanup requirements would not result in significant cost to us. As disclosed 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements, environmental liabilities totaled 18.0 million and 18.2 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and are included in Other liabilities, net in our consolidated balance sheets. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Interest Rate Risk We have exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, which are sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control. The following is a summary of our exposure to a change in interest rates: 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Weighted Weighted Average Annual Average Effective Effect of 1 Effective Interest Change in Interest Balance Rate Base Rates Balance Rate (Dollars in thousands) Debt (contractual balances): Mortgage loans: Variable rate (1) 892,268 5.21 2,528 867,246 2.01 Fixed rate (2) 1,009,607 4.44 921,013 4.32 1,901,875 2,528 1,788,259 Credit facility: Revolving credit facility (3) 5.51 300,000 1.15 Tranche A-1 Term Loan (4) 200,000 2.61 200,000 2.59 Tranche A-2 Term Loan (4) 350,000 3.40 200,000 2.49 550,000 700,000 Pro rata share of debt of unconsolidated real estate ventures (contractual balances): Variable rate (1) 22,065 6.45 166 281,608 2.56 Fixed rate (2) 33,000 4.13 91,653 4.49 55,065 166 373,261 

 (1) Includes variable rate mortgage loans with interest rate cap agreements. For mortgage loans with interest rate caps, the weighted average interest rate cap strike is 2.64 , and the weighted average maturity date of the interest rate caps is September 28, 2023. The interest rate cap strike is exclusive of the credit spreads associated with the mortgage loans. As of December 31, 2022, one-month LIBOR was 4.39 and one-month term SOFR was 4.36 , as applicable. The impact of these interest rate caps is reflected in our calculation of the annual effect of a 1 change in base rates. (2) Includes variable rate mortgage loans with interest rates fixed by interest rate swap agreements. (3) As of December 31, 2022, one-month term SOFR was 4.36 . The interest rate for the revolving credit facility excludes a 0.15 facility fee. (4) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance was fixed by interest rate swap agreements. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate swaps fix SOFR at a weighted average interest rate of 1.46 for the Tranche A-1 Term Loan and 2.15 for the Tranche A-2 Term Loan. The fair value of our mortgage loans is estimated by discounting the future contractual cash flows of these instruments using current risk-adjusted rates available to borrowers with similar credit profiles based on market sources. The fair value of our revolving credit facility and unsecured term loans is calculated based on the net present value of payments over the term of the facilities using estimated market rates for similar notes and remaining terms. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the estimated fair value of our consolidated debt was 2.4 billion and 2.5 billion. These estimates of fair value, which are made at the end of the reporting period, may be different from the amounts that may ultimately be realized upon the disposition of our financial instruments. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Hedging Activities To manage, or hedge, our exposure to interest rate risk, we follow established risk management policies and procedures, including the use of a variety of derivative financial instruments. We do not enter into derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. Derivative Financial Instruments Designated as Effective Hedges Certain derivative financial instruments, consisting of interest rate swap and cap agreements, are cash flow hedges that are designated as effective hedges, and are carried at their estimated fair value on a recurring basis. We assess the effectiveness of our hedges both at inception and on an ongoing basis. If the hedges are deemed to be effective, the fair value is recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in our consolidated balance sheets and is subsequently reclassified into Interest expense in our consolidated statements of operations in the period that the hedged forecasted transactions affect earnings. Our hedges become less than perfectly effective if the critical terms of the hedging instrument and the forecasted transactions do not perfectly match such as notional amounts, settlement dates, reset dates, calculation period and interest rates. In addition, we evaluate the default risk of the counterparty by monitoring the creditworthiness of the counterparty. While management believes its judgments are reasonable, a change in a derivative s effectiveness as a hedge could materially affect expenses, net income (loss) and equity. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had interest rate swap and cap agreements with an aggregate notional value of 1.4 billion and 862.7 million, which were designated as effective hedges. The fair value of our interest rate swaps and caps designated as effective hedges consisted of assets totaling 53.5 million and 393,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 included in Other assets, net in our consolidated balance sheets, and liabilities totaling 18.4 million as of December 31, 2021, included in Other liabilities, net in our consolidated balance sheet. Derivative Financial Instruments Designated as Ineffective Hedges Certain derivative financial instruments, consisting of interest rate cap agreements, are cash flow hedges that are designated as ineffective hedges, and are carried at their estimated fair value on a recurring basis. Realized and unrealized gains are recorded in Interest expense in our consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had various interest rate cap agreements with an aggregate notional value of 711.8 million and 867.7 million, which were designated as ineffective hedges. The fair value of our interest rate caps designated as ineffective hedges consisted of assets totaling 8.1 million and 558,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, included in Other assets, net in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 65 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 68 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 69 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 70 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 71 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 72 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 74 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and the Board of Trustees of JBG SMITH Properties Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of JBG SMITH Properties and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 21, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Real Estate Impairment Indicators - Refer to Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description The Company has real estate which is required to be evaluated for impairment. An impairment exists when the carrying amount of an asset exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. The Company evaluates real estate assets for impairment whenever there are changes in circumstances or indicators that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. These indicators may include declining operating 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 performance, below average occupancy, shortened anticipated holding periods, and other adverse changes. At December 31, 2022, the carrying value of the Company s real estate assets, net, was approximately 4.82 billion . Given the Company s evaluation of possible indications of impairment of real estate assets requires management to make significant judgments, including anticipated holding periods, performing audit procedures to evaluate whether management appropriately identified events or changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying amounts of real estate assets may not be recoverable required an increased extent of effort and high degree of auditor judgment. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the evaluation of real estate assets for possible indications of impairment included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s review of impairment indicators, which include assessing possible circumstances that could indicate that the carrying amounts of real estate assets are not recoverable. We evaluated the reasonableness of management s judgments by: 
 
 Testing real estate assets for possible indications of impairment, including searching for adverse asset-specific and/or market conditions. Inquiring of management and reading business performance reports and board minutes to identify properties that should be evaluated for shortened anticipated holding periods. Developing an expectation of assets for which impairment indicators are identified in management s analysis. 
 Investments in Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures - Refer to Notes 2 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description The Company has investments in real estate ventures which are required to be evaluated for consolidation, including determining whether each entity is a variable interest entity VIE ). If it is determined that an entity is a VIE in which it has a variable interest, the Company assesses whether it is the primary beneficiary of the VIE to determine whether it should be consolidated. If it is determined that a real estate venture is not a VIE, then the determination as to whether the Company consolidates the entity is based on whether it has a controlling financial interest in the real estate venture, which is based on voting interests and the degree of influence the Company has over the real estate venture. In April 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to form a real estate venture (the Venture with affiliates of Fortress Investment Group, LLC to recapitalize a 1.6 million square foot office portfolio and land parcels for a gross sales price of 580 million comprising four commercial assets. The Company acquired a 33.5 equity interest in the Venture. The Venture was determined not to be a VIE and, therefore, was evaluated under the voting interest model, under which the Company determined it does not have a controlling financial interest and therefore does not consolidate the Venture. Given the complexities associated with accounting for the Company s interest in the Venture, and the related management judgments to determine whether the Venture is a VIE or whether the Company has a controlling financial interest, performing audit procedures to evaluate these conclusions required an increased extent of audit effort, including the involvement of professionals in our firm having expertise in consolidation accounting. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to management s judgments to determine whether the Venture is a VIE and, if not, whether the Company has a controlling financial interest included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of the controls over management s judgments to determine whether the Venture is a VIE and, if not, whether the Company s has a controlling financial interest under the voting interest model. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 We evaluated the appropriateness of the Company s accounting conclusions upon formation of the Venture by: 
 With the assistance of professionals in our firm having expertise in consolidation accounting, reading the operating agreements and other related documents, including operating budgets and mortgage loan agreements, to evaluate the risks that the Venture was designed to pass onto its members and management s conclusion that the Venture was not a VIE. 
 Performing corroborating management inquiries and inspecting relevant agreements, to understand the Venture s voting interests and participating rights of the members, in order to evaluate the Company s conclusion as to whether it has a controlling financial interest that should be consolidated. 
 /s/ February 21, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 JBG SMITH PROPERTIES Consolidated Balance Sheets (In thousands, except par value amounts) December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Real estate, at cost: Land and improvements Buildings and improvements Construction in progress, including land Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Real estate, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Tenant and other receivables Deferred rent receivable Investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures Intangible assets, net Other assets, net Assets held for sale TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS AND EQUITY Liabilities: Mortgage loans, net Revolving credit facility Unsecured term loans, net Accounts payable and accrued expenses Other liabilities, net Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Redeemable noncontrolling interests Shareholders equity: Preferred shares, par value - shares authorized; issued Common shares, par value - shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total shareholders equity of JBG SMITH Properties Noncontrolling interests Total equity TOTAL LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS AND EQUITY See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 JBG SMITH PROPERTIES Consolidated Statements of Operations (In thousands, except per share data) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 REVENUE Property rental Third-party real estate services, including reimbursements Other revenue Total revenue EXPENSES Depreciation and amortization Property operating Real estate taxes General and administrative: Corporate and other Third-party real estate services Share-based compensation related to Formation Transaction and special equity awards Transaction and other costs Total expenses OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) Loss from unconsolidated real estate ventures, net ) ) ) Interest and other income (loss), net ) Interest expense ) ) ) Gain on the sale of real estate, net Loss on the extinguishment of debt ) ) Impairment loss ) ) Total other income (expense) ) ) INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAX (EXPENSE) BENEFIT ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) NET INCOME (LOSS) ) ) Net (income) loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS ) ) EARNINGS (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE - BASIC AND DILUTED ) ) WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING - BASIC AND DILUTED See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 JBG SMITH PROPERTIES Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 NET INCOME (LOSS) ) ) OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS): Change in fair value of derivative financial instruments ) Reclassification of net income on derivative financial instruments from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into interest expense Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ) ) Net (income) loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Other comprehensive (income) loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Other comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO JBG SMITH PROPERTIES ) ) See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 JBG SMITH PROPERTIES Consolidated Statements of Equity (In thousands) 

Accumulated Other Additional Comprehensive Common Shares Paid-In Accumulated Income Noncontrolling Total Shares Amount Capital Deficit (Loss) Interests Equity BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2019 ) ) Net loss attributable to common shareholders and noncontrolling interests ) ) Conversion of common limited partnership units OP Units to common shares Common shares repurchased ) ) ) ) Common shares issued pursuant to Employee Share Purchase Plan ESPP Dividends declared on common shares per common share) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Redeemable noncontrolling interests redemption value adjustment and other comprehensive loss allocation Other comprehensive loss ) ) BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2020 ) ) Net loss attributable to common shareholders and noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Conversion of OP Units to common shares Common shares repurchased ) ) ) ) Common shares issued pursuant to employee incentive compensation plan and ESPP Dividends declared on common shares per common share) ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests, net Redeemable noncontrolling interests redemption value adjustment and other comprehensive income allocation ) Other comprehensive income BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2021 ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders and noncontrolling interests Conversion of OP Units to common shares Common shares repurchased ) ) ) ) Common shares issued pursuant to employee incentive compensation plan and ESPP Dividends declared on common shares per common share) ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests, net Redeemable noncontrolling interests redemption value adjustment and other comprehensive income allocation ) Other comprehensive income Other comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 ) See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements . 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 JBG SMITH PROPERTIES Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Share-based compensation expense Depreciation and amortization expense, including amortization of deferred financing costs Deferred rent ) ) ) Loss from unconsolidated real estate ventures, net Amortization of market lease intangibles, net ) ) ) Amortization of lease incentives Loss on the extinguishment of debt Impairment loss Gain on the sale of real estate, net ) ) ) Loss on operating lease and other receivables Income from investments, net ) ) Return on capital from unconsolidated real estate ventures Other non-cash items ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Tenant and other receivables ) ) Other assets, net ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Other liabilities, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Development costs, construction in progress and real estate additions ) ) ) Acquisition of real estate ) ) ) Deposits for real estate and other acquisitions ) Proceeds from the sale of real estate Proceeds from the sale of investments Distributions of capital from unconsolidated real estate ventures Investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures and other investments ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Borrowings under mortgage loans Borrowings under revolving credit facility Borrowings under unsecured term loans Repayments of mortgage loans ) ) ) Repayments of revolving credit facility ) ) Debt issuance and modification costs ) ) ) Redemption of partner s noncontrolling interest ) Finance lease payments ) ) Proceeds from common shares issued pursuant to ESPP Common shares repurchased ) ) ) Dividends paid to common shareholders ) ) ) Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 JBG SMITH PROPERTIES Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH, END OF PERIOD: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW AND NON-CASH INFORMATION: Cash paid for interest (net of capitalized interest of , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020) Accrued capital expenditures included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Write-off of fully depreciated assets Cash paid (received) for income taxes ) Deconsolidation of real estate asset Accrued dividends to common shareholders Accrued distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests Conversion of OP Units to common shares Derecognition of operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Derecognition of liabilities related to operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) (Derecognition) recognition of finance lease right-of-use assets ) (Derecognition) recognition of liabilities related to finance lease right-of-use assets ) Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities for operating leases Deferred purchase price related to acquisition See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements . 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 key demand drivers: Amazon.com, Inc. s Amazon new headquarters, which is being developed by us; Virginia Tech s under-construction billion Innovation Campus; the submarket s proximity to the Pentagon; and our deployment of next-generation public and private 5G digital infrastructure. In addition, our third-party asset management and real estate services business provides fee-based real estate services to the Washington Housing Initiative WHI Impact Pool, the legacy funds formerly organized by The JBG Companies JBG (the JBG Legacy Funds and other third parties. Substantially all our assets are held by, and our operations are conducted through, JBG SMITH Properties LP JBG SMITH LP ), our operating partnership. As of December 31, 2022, JBG SMITH, as its sole general partner, controlled JBG SMITH LP and owned of its OP Units, after giving effect to the conversion of certain vested long-term incentive partnership units LTIP Units that are convertible into OP Units. JBG SMITH is referred to herein as we, us, our or other similar terms. References to our share refer to our ownership percentage of consolidated and unconsolidated assets in real estate ventures, but exclude our: (i) subordinated interest in commercial building, (ii) subordinated interest in commercial buildings and (iii) interest in commercial buildings, as well as the associated non-recourse mortgage loans, held through unconsolidated real estate ventures; these interests and debt are excluded because our investment in each real estate venture is zero, we do not anticipate receiving any near-term cash flow distributions from the real estate ventures and we have not guaranteed their obligations or otherwise committed to providing financial support. We were organized for the purpose of receiving, via the spin-off on July 17, 2017 (the Separation ), substantially all of the assets and liabilities of Vornado Realty Trust s Vornado Washington, D.C. segment. On July 18, 2017, we acquired the management business and certain assets and liabilities of JBG (the Combination ). The Separation and the Combination are collectively referred to as the Formation Transaction. As of December 31, 2022, our Operating Portfolio consisted of operating assets comprising commercial assets totaling million square feet million square feet at our share), multifamily assets totaling units units at our share) and wholly owned land assets for which we are the ground lessor. Additionally, we have under-construction multifamily assets totaling units units at our share) and assets in the development pipeline totaling million square feet million square feet at our share) of estimated potential development density. We derive our revenue primarily from leases with commercial and multifamily tenants, which include fixed and percentage rents, and reimbursements from tenants for certain expenses such as real estate taxes, property operating expenses, and repairs and maintenance. In addition, our third-party asset management and real estate services business provides fee-based real estate services. Only the U.S. federal government accounted for 10 or more of our rental revenue, which consists of property rental and other property revenue, as follows: Percentage of commercial segment rental revenue Percentage of rental revenue 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 million were reclassified from Other assets, net to Intangible assets, net in our balance sheet as of December 31, 2021 to present intangible assets separately from other assets, which is consistent with our current year presentation. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 . Tenant improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the lives of the related leases, which approximate the useful lives of the tenant improvements. When assets are sold or retired, their costs and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts with the resulting gains or losses reflected in net income (loss) for the period. Construction in progress, including land, is carried at cost, and no depreciation is recorded. Real estate undergoing significant renovations and improvements is considered to be under development. All direct and indirect costs related to development activities are capitalized into Construction in progress, including land in our consolidated balance sheets, except for certain demolition costs, which are expensed as incurred. Direct development costs incurred include: pre-development expenditures directly related to a specific project, development and construction costs, interest, insurance and real estate taxes. Indirect development costs include: employee salaries and benefits, travel and other related costs that are directly associated with the development. Our method of calculating capitalized interest expense is based upon applying our weighted average borrowing rate to the actual accumulated expenditures if the property does not have property specific debt. If the property is encumbered by specific debt, we will capitalize both the interest incurred applicable to that debt and additional interest expense using our weighted average borrowing rate for any accumulated expenditures in excess of the principal balance of the debt encumbering the property. The capitalization of such expenses ceases when the real estate is ready for its intended use, but no later than one-year from substantial completion of major construction activities. Our real estate and related intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever there are changes in circumstances or indicators that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. These indicators may include declining operating performance, below average occupancy, shortened anticipated holding periods, costs in excess of budgets for under-construction assets and other adverse changes. An impairment exists when the carrying amount of an asset exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. Estimates of future cash flows are based on our current plans, anticipated holding periods and available market information at the time the analyses are prepared. Longer anticipated holding periods for real estate assets directly reduce the likelihood of recording an impairment loss. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the asset is not recoverable and is measured based on the excess of the property s carrying amount over its estimated fair value. Estimated fair values are calculated based on the following information in order of preference, dependent upon availability: (i) pending or executed agreements, (ii) market prices for comparable properties or (iii) the sum of discounted cash flows. If our estimates of future cash flows, anticipated holding periods, asset strategy or fair values change, based on market conditions, anticipated selling prices or other factors, our evaluation of impairment losses may be different and such differences could be material to our consolidated financial statements. Estimates of future cash flows are subjective and are based, in part, on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental rates and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 , as long as we act within the requirements and constraints of the regulatory authorities, the renewal and extension of these licenses is reasonably certain at minimal cost, which would be capitalized as part of the asset. Accordingly, we have concluded that the licenses are indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 ownership interest in 8001 Woodmont, a -unit multifamily asset in Bethesda, Maryland previously owned by an unconsolidated real estate venture, for a purchase price of million, including the assumption of the million mortgage loan at our share. The asset was encumbered by a million mortgage loan and was consolidated as of the date of acquisition. We recorded our investment in the asset at the carryover basis for our previously held equity investment plus the incremental cash consideration paid to acquire our partner s interest. In August 2022, we acquired the remaining ownership interest in Atlantic Plumbing, a -unit multifamily asset in Washington, D.C. previously owned by an unconsolidated real estate venture, which was encumbered by a million mortgage loan, for a purchase price of million and our partner s share of the working capital. The mortgage loan was repaid in August 2022. Atlantic Plumbing was consolidated as of the date of acquisition. We recorded our investment in the asset at the carryover basis for our previously held equity investment plus the incremental cash consideration paid to acquire our partner s interest. In November 2021, we acquired The Batley, a -unit multifamily asset in the Union Market submarket of Washington, D.C., for million, exclusive of million of transaction costs that were capitalized as part of the acquisition. We used The Batley as a replacement property in a like-kind exchange for the sale of Pen Place, which closed during the second quarter of 2022. See Note 6 for additional information. In December 2020, we acquired a -acre development parcel in National Landing formerly occupied by the Americana Hotel and other parcels for an aggregate total of million, exclusive of of transaction costs that were capitalized as part of the acquisition. Of the total purchase price, million was allocated to the former Americana Hotel site, of which million was deferred and million was allocated to the other parcels. The former Americana Hotel site has the potential to accommodate up to approximately square feet of new development density and is located directly across the street from Amazon s future headquarters. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 ) April 1, 2022 Universal Buildings (1) Commercial Washington, D.C. April 13, 2022 7200 Wisconsin Avenue, 1730 M Street, RTC-West and Courthouse Plaza 1 and 2 (2) Commercial/ Other Bethesda, Maryland, Washington, D.C., Reston, Virginia, Arlington, Virginia ) May 25, 2022 Pen Place (3) Other Arlington, Virginia December 23, 2022 Land Option (3) Other Washington, D.C. 

 (1) Cash proceeds from sale excludes a lease termination fee of million received during the first quarter of 2022. (2) Assets were sold to an unconsolidated real estate venture. See Note 5 for additional information. RTC-West refers to RTC-West, RTC-West Trophy Office and RTC-West Land. Total square feet include million square feet of estimated potential development density. In April 2022, million of mortgage loans related to 1730 M Street and RTC-West were repaid. (3) Total square feet represents estimated or approved potential development density. 
 In April 2021, we invested cash in and contributed land to real estate ventures and recognized an million gain on the disposition of land, which is included in Gain on sale of real estate, net in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. See Note 5 for additional information. In January 2020, we sold Metropolitan Park for million and recognized a million gain, which is included in Gain on sale of real estate, net in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. See Note 5 for additional information related to the sale of assets by our unconsolidated real estate ventures. Assets Held for Sale There were assets held for sale as of December 31, 2022. The following is a summary of assets held for sale as of December 31, 2021: 

 (1) Sold to Amazon in May 2022. Total square feet represents estimated or approved potential development density. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 Third-party real estate services Other Total tenant and other receivables J.P. Morgan Global Alternatives J.P. Morgan (2) Landmark Partners Landmark - CBREI Venture (3) - Canadian Pension Plan Investment Board CPPIB (4) (5) Berkshire Group (6) Brandywine Realty Trust Other Total investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures (7) 

 (1) Reflects our effective ownership interests in the underlying real estate as of December 31, 2022. We have multiple investments with certain venture partners with varying ownership interests in the underlying real estate. (2) J.P. Morgan is the advisor for an institutional investor. (3) In August 2022, we acquired the remaining ownership interest in Atlantic Plumbing, an asset previously owned by the venture. See Note 3 for additional information. (4) Our effective ownership interest reflects an investment in the real estate venture that owns 1101 17 th Street for which we have a investment balance and discontinued applying the equity method of accounting since June 30, 2018. We will recognize as income any future distributions from the venture until our share of unrecorded earnings and contributions exceeds the cumulative excess distributions previously recognized in income. (5) In June 2022, the venture sold its interest in 1900 N Street. (6) In October 2022, we acquired the remaining ownership interest in 8001 Woodmont, an asset previously owned by the venture. See Note 3 for additional information. (7) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our total investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures were greater than our share of the net book value of the underlying assets by million and million, resulting principally from capitalized interest and our investment balance in certain real estate ventures. 
 We provide leasing, property management and other real estate services to our unconsolidated real estate ventures. We recognized revenue, including expense reimbursements, of million, million and million for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, for such services. We evaluate reconsideration events as we become aware of them. Reconsideration events include, among other criteria, amendments to real estate venture agreements or changes in the capital requirements of the real estate venture. A reconsideration event could cause us to consolidate an unconsolidated real estate venture or deconsolidate a consolidated entity. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 - May 10, 2022 Landmark Galvan June 1, 2022 CPPIB 1900 N Street December 15, 2022 CBREI Venture The Gale Eckington Year Ended December 31, 2021 May 3, 2021 CBREI Venture Fairway Apartments/Fairway Land May 19, 2021 Landmark Courthouse Metro Land/Courthouse Metro Land Option May 27, 2021 Landmark 5615 Fishers Lane September 17, 2021 Landmark 500 L Enfant Plaza Year Ended December 31, 2020 June 5, 2020 Landmark 11333 Woodglen Drive/NoBe II Land/Woodglen ) October 28, 2020 CBREI Venture Pickett Industrial Park ) 

 (1) Included in Loss from unconsolidated real estate ventures, net in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 Fortress Investment Group LLC Fortress In April 2022, we formed an unconsolidated real estate venture with affiliates of Fortress to recapitalize a million square foot office portfolio and land parcels for a gross sales price of million comprising wholly owned commercial assets (7200 Wisconsin Avenue, 1730 M Street, RTC-West and Courthouse Plaza 1 and 2). Additionally, we contributed million in cash for a interest in the venture, while Fortress contributed million in cash for a interest in the venture. In connection with the transaction, the venture obtained mortgage loans totaling million secured by the properties, of which million was drawn at closing. We provide asset management, property management and leasing services to the venture. Because our interest in the venture is subordinated to a preferred return to Fortress, we do not anticipate receiving any near-term cash flow distributions from it. Per the terms of the venture agreement, we determined the venture was not a VIE and we do not have a controlling financial interest in the venture. As of the transaction date, our investment in the venture was , and we have discontinued applying the equity method of accounting as we have not guaranteed its obligations or otherwise committed to providing financial support. Landmark In connection with the preparation and review of the third quarter 2022 financial statements and 2021 annual financial statements, impairment losses of million and million on the L Enfant Plaza assets were included in Loss from unconsolidated real estate ventures, net in our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, our investment in the L Enfant Plaza assets was , and we have discontinued applying the equity method of accounting on these assets after September 30, 2022 as we have not guaranteed their obligations or otherwise committed to providing financial support. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 million on the Rosslyn Gateway assets was included in Loss from unconsolidated real estate ventures, net in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. JP Morgan In April 2021, we entered into real estate ventures with an institutional investor advised by J.P. Morgan, in which we have ownership interests, to design, develop, manage and own million square feet of new mixed-use development located in Potomac Yard, the southern portion of National Landing. Our venture partner contributed a land site that is entitled for million square feet of development at Potomac Yard Landbay F, while we contributed cash and adjacent land with over square feet of estimated development capacity at Potomac Yard Landbay G. We will also act as pre-developer, developer, property manager and leasing agent for all future commercial and residential properties on the site. We have determined the ventures are VIEs, but we are not the primary beneficiary of the VIEs and, accordingly, we have not consolidated either venture. We recognized an million gain on the land contributed to one of the real estate ventures based on the cash received and the remeasurement of our retained interest in the asset, which was included in Gain on sale of real estate, net in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. As part of the transaction, our venture partner elected to accelerate the monetization of a 2013 promote interest in the land contributed by it to the ventures. During the second quarter of 2021, the total amount of the promote paid was million, of which million was paid to certain of our non-employee trustees and certain of our executives. Pacific Life Insurance Company PacLife During the second quarter of 2020, we determined that our investment in the venture that owned The Marriott Wardman Park hotel was impaired due to a decline in the fair value of the underlying asset and recorded an impairment loss of million, which reduced the net book value of our investment to , and we suspended equity loss recognition for the venture after June 30, 2020. On October 1, 2020, we transferred our interest in this venture to PacLife. Fixed rate (3) Mortgage loans (4) Unamortized deferred financing costs ) ) Mortgage loans, net (4) (5) 

 (1) Weighted average effective interest rate as of December 31, 2022. (2) Includes variable rate mortgage loans with interest rate cap agreements. (3) Includes variable rate mortgage loans with interest rates fixed by interest rate swap agreements. (4) Excludes mortgage loans related to the L Enfant Plaza assets and the unconsolidated real estate venture with Fortress. (5) See Note 20 for additional information on guarantees related to our unconsolidated real estate ventures. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 The following is a summary of the financial information for our unconsolidated real estate ventures: Other assets, net Total assets Mortgage loans, net Other liabilities, net Total liabilities Total equity Total liabilities and equity 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Combined income statement information: (1) Total revenue Operating income (loss) (2) ) Net income (loss) (2) ) 

 (1) Excludes information related to the unconsolidated real estate venture with Fortress. Excludes information related to the L Enfant Plaza assets as of December 31, 2022 and for the fourth quarter of 2022. Also, excludes information related to the venture that owned The Marriott Wardman Park hotel for the second half of 2020 as we discontinued applying the equity method of accounting . On October 1, 2020, we transferred our interest in this venture to our venture partner. (2) Includes the gain (loss) from the sale of various assets totaling million, million and million) for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022. Includes impairment losses of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 million and million, which were included in Investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures in our consolidated balance sheets. Our equity in the income of unconsolidated VIEs is included in Loss from unconsolidated real estate ventures, net in our consolidated statements of operations. Our maximum loss exposure in these entities is limited to our investments, construction commitments and debt guarantees. See Note 20 for additional information. Consolidated VIEs JBG SMITH LP is our most significant consolidated VIE. We hold of the limited partnership interest in JBG SMITH LP, act as the general partner and exercise full responsibility, discretion and control over its day-to-day management. The noncontrolling interests of JBG SMITH LP do not have substantive liquidation rights, substantive kick-out rights without cause or substantive participating rights that could be exercised by a simple majority of noncontrolling interest limited partners (including by such a limited partner unilaterally). Because the noncontrolling interest holders do 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 -unit multifamily asset comprising towers with ground floor retail. The ground lessee has engaged us to be the development manager for the construction of 1900 Crystal Drive, and separately, we are the lessee in a master lease of the asset. We have an option to acquire the asset until a specified period after completion. The ground lessee invested million of equity funding, and we are obligated to provide additional project funding through a mezzanine loan to the ground lessee estimated at million, of which million has been funded as of December 31, 2022. In December 2021, we leased the land underlying 2000 South Bell Street and 2001 South Bell Street 2000/2001 South Bell Street located in National Landing to a lessee, which is constructing a -unit multifamily asset comprising towers with ground floor retail. The ground lessee has engaged us to be the development manager for the construction of 2000/2001 South Bell Street, and separately, we are the lessee in a master lease of the asset. We have an option to acquire the asset until a specified period after completion. The ground lessee invested million of equity funding, and we are obligated to provide additional project funding through a mezzanine loan to the ground lessee, estimated at million, of which million has been funded as of December 31, 2022. We determined that 1900 Crystal Drive and 2000/2001 South Bell Street are VIEs and that we are the primary beneficiary of the VIEs. Accordingly, we consolidate the VIEs with the lessee s ownership interest shown as Noncontrolling interests in our consolidated balance sheets. The aforementioned ground leases, mezzanine loans and master leases are eliminated in consolidation. As of December 31, 2022, excluding JBG SMITH LP, we consolidated VIEs (1900 Crystal Drive and 2000/2001 South Bell Street) with total assets of million and liabilities of million, primarily consisting of construction in process and mortgage loans. As of December 31, 2021, excluding JBG SMITH LP, we consolidated VIEs (1900 Crystal Drive, 2000/2001 South Bell Street and The Batley) with total assets of million and liabilities of million. The assets of the VIEs can only be used to settle the obligations of the VIEs, and the liabilities include third-party liabilities of the VIEs for which the creditors or beneficial interest holders do not have recourse against us. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Lease intangible assets: In-place leases ) ) Above-market real estate leases ) ) ) ) Other identified intangible assets: Wireless spectrum licenses Option to enter into ground lease Management and leasing contracts ) ) ) ) Total intangible assets, net ) ) Above-market real estate lease amortization (2) Management and leasing contract amortization (1) Other amortization Total amortization expense related to lease and other identified intangible assets 

 (1) Amounts are included in Depreciation and amortization expense in our consolidated statements of operations. (2) Amounts are included in Property rental revenue in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total (1) 

 (1) Estimated amortization related to the option to enter into ground lease is excluded from the amortization table above as the ground lease does not have a definite start date . Additionally, the wireless spectrum licenses are excluded from the amortization table as they are indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 Derivative agreements, at fair value Deferred financing costs, net Deposits Operating lease right-of-use assets Finance lease right-of-use assets (1) Investments in funds (2) Other investments (3) Other Total other assets, net 

 (1) Represents assets related to finance ground leases at 1730 M Street and Courthouse Plaza 1 and 2, which were sold to an unconsolidated real estate venture in April 2022. (2) Consists of investments in real estate focused technology companies, which are recorded at their fair value based on their reported net asset value. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, unrealized gains totaled million and million related to these investments, which are included in Interest and other income (loss), net in our consolidated statements of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, realized losses related to these investments were million. (3) Primarily consists of equity investments that are carried at cost. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, realized gains (losses) totaled million and million related to these investments, which are included in Interest and other income (loss), net in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 Fixed rate (3) Mortgage loans Unamortized deferred financing costs and premium / discount, net (4) ) ) Mortgage loans, net 

 (1) Weighted average effective interest rate as of December 31, 2022. (2) Includes variable rate mortgage loans with interest rate cap agreements. For mortgage loans with interest rate caps, the weighted average interest rate cap strike is , and the weighted average maturity date of the interest rate caps is September 27, 2023. The interest rate cap strike is exclusive of the credit spreads associated with the mortgage loans. As of December 31, 2022, one-month LIBOR was and one-month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR was , as applicable. (3) Includes variable rate mortgage loans with interest rates fixed by interest rate swap agreements . (4) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, excludes million and million of net deferred financing costs related to unfunded mortgage loans that were included in Other assets, net. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the net carrying value of real estate collateralizing our mortgage loans totaled billion and billion. Our mortgage loans contain covenants that limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness on 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 million collateralized by WestEnd25. The mortgage loan has a term and an interest rate of SOFR plus . We also entered into an interest rate swap with a total notional value of million, which effectively fixes SOFR at an average interest rate of through the maturity date. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we entered into separate mortgage loans with an aggregate principal balance of million, collateralized by 1225 S. Clark Street and 1215 S. Clark Street. In January 2023, we entered into a million loan facility, collateralized by The Wren and F1RST Residences. The loan has a seven-year term and a fixed interest rate of . This loan is the initial advance under a Fannie Mae multifamily credit facility, which provides flexibility for collateral substitutions, future advances tied to performance, ability to mix fixed and floating rates, as well as stagger maturities. Proceeds from the loan were used to repay the mortgage loan on 2121 Crystal Drive, which had a fixed interest rate of . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had various interest rate swap and cap agreements on certain of our mortgage loans with an aggregate notional value of billion. See Note 18 for additional information. Credit Facility As of December 31, 2022, our billion credit facility consisted of a billion revolving credit facility maturing in January 2025, a million unsecured term loan Tranche A-1 Term Loan maturing in January 2025, and a million unsecured term loan Tranche A-2 Term Loan maturing in January 2028, of which million remains available to be borrowed until July 2023. In January 2022, the Tranche A-1 Term Loan was amended to extend the maturity date to January 2025 with extension options, and to amend the interest rate to SOFR plus to SOFR plus , varying based on a ratio of our total outstanding indebtedness to a valuation of certain real property and assets. In connection with the loan amendment, we amended the related interest rate swaps, extending the maturity to July 2024 and converting the hedged rate from one-month LIBOR to one-month term SOFR. In July 2022, the Tranche A-2 Term Loan was amended to increase its borrowing capacity by million. The incremental million includes a delayed draw feature, of which million was drawn in September 2022 with the remaining million undrawn as of the date of this filing. The amendment extends the maturity date of the term loan from July 2024 to January 2028 and amends the interest rate to SOFR plus to SOFR plus , varying based on a ratio of our total outstanding indebtedness to a valuation of certain real property and assets. We entered into interest rate swaps that were effective September 2022 with a total notional value of million, which effectively fix SOFR at a weighted average interest rate of through the maturity date. We also entered into forward-starting interest rate swaps that will be effective July 2024 with a total notional value of million, which will effectively fix SOFR at a weighted average interest rate of through the maturity date. Additionally, we amended the interest rate of the revolving credit facility to SOFR plus to SOFR plus , varying based on a ratio of our total outstanding indebtedness to a valuation of certain real property and assets. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 Tranche A-1 Term Loan (4) Tranche A-2 Term Loan (4) Unsecured term loans Unamortized deferred financing costs, net ) ) Unsecured term loans, net 

 (1) Effective interest rate as of December 31, 2022. The interest rate for the revolving credit facility excludes a facility fee. (2) As of December 31, 2022, one-month term SOFR was . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, letters of credit with an aggregate face amount of and were outstanding under our revolving credit facility. (3) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, excludes net deferred financing costs related to our revolving credit facility of million and million that were included in Other assets, net. (4) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance was fixed by interest rate swap agreements. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate swaps fix SOFR at a weighted average interest rate of for the Tranche A-1 Term Loan and for the Tranche A-2 Term Loan. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) Lease intangible liabilities, net Lease assumption liabilities Lease incentive liabilities Liabilities related to operating lease right-of-use assets Liabilities related to finance lease right-of-use assets (1) Prepaid rent Security deposits Environmental liabilities Deferred tax liability, net Dividends payable Derivative agreements, at fair value Deferred purchase price related to the acquisition of a development parcel Other Total other liabilities, net 

 (1) Represents liabilities related to finance ground leases at 1730 M Street and Courthouse Plaza 1 and 2, which were sold to an unconsolidated real estate venture in April 2022 . 
 Amortization expense included in Property rental revenue in our consolidated statements of operations related to lease intangible liabilities for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 was million, million and million. The following is a summary of the estimated amortization of lease intangible liabilities for the next five years and thereafter as of December 31, 2022: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 million that was utilized in 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the state NOL carryforward was , tax-effected. The net basis of our assets and liabilities for tax reporting purposes is approximately million higher than the amounts reported in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. ) Deferred tax (expense) benefit ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have a net deferred tax liability of million and million primarily related to investments in real estate, and management and leasing contracts, partially offset by deferred tax assets associated with tax versus book differences and related general and administrative expenses. We are subject to federal, state and local income tax examinations by taxing authorities for the tax years ending in 2018 through 2021. NOL Deferred revenue Capital loss Charitable contributions Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Basis difference - intangible assets ) ) Basis difference - real estate ) ) Basis difference - investments ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) During the year ended December 31, 2022, our Board of Trustees declared cash dividends totaling of which were capital gain distributions for federal income tax purposes and the remaining will be determined in 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2021, our Board of Trustees declared cash dividends totaling of which was taxable as ordinary income for federal income tax purposes and were capital gain distributions. During the year ended December 31, 2020, our Board of Trustees declared cash dividends totaling of which was taxable as ordinary income for federal income tax purposes and were capital gain distributions. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 and OP Units, which we elected to redeem for an equivalent number of our common shares. As of December 31, 2022, outstanding OP Units and redeemable LTIP Units totaled million, representing an ownership interest in JBG SMITH LP. Our OP Units and certain vested LTIP Units are presented at the higher of their redemption value or their carrying value, with adjustments to the redemption value recognized in Additional paid-in capital in our consolidated balance sheets. Redemption value per OP Unit is equivalent to the market value of one of our common shares at the end of the period. In 2023, as of the date of this filing, unitholders redeemed OP Units and LTIP Units, which we elected to redeem for an equivalent number of our common shares. Consolidated Real Estate Venture We are a partner in a consolidated real estate venture that owns a multifamily asset, The Wren, located in Washington, D.C. Our partner can redeem their interest for cash under certain conditions. As of December 31, 2022, we held a ownership interest in the real estate venture, which reflects the redemption of a interest in October 2022 for million. The following is a summary of the activity of redeemable noncontrolling interests: Redemptions ) ) ) ) ) LTIP Units issued in lieu of cash bonuses (1) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Distributions ) ) ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense Adjustment to redemption value ) ) ) ) Balance, end of period 

 (1) See Note 14 for additional information. Variable Property rental revenue 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 As of December 31, 2022, the amounts that are contractually due from lease payments under our operating leases on an annual basis for the next five years and thereafter are as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Vested ) Unvested as of December 31, 2022 The total-grant date fair value of the OP Units that vested for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 was million, million and million. JBG SMITH 2017 Omnibus Share Plan On June 23, 2017, our Board of Trustees adopted the JBG SMITH 2017 Omnibus Share Plan (the Plan ), effective as of July 17, 2017, and authorized the reservation of million of our common shares pursuant to the Plan. In April 2021, our shareholders approved an amendment to the Plan to increase the common shares reserved under the Plan by million. As of December 31, 2022, there were million common shares available for issuance under the Plan. Formation Awards The formation awards issued in the Combination Formation Awards were structured in the form of profits interests in JBG SMITH LP that provided for a share of appreciation determined by the increase in the value of a common share at the time of conversion over the volume-weighted average price of a common share at the time the formation unit was granted. The Formation Awards, subject to certain conditions, generally vested on each of the third and fourth anniversaries and on the fifth anniversary of the date granted, subject to continued employment. Compensation expense for these awards was recognized over a period through July 2022. The value of vested Formation Awards is realized through conversion of the award into a number of LTIP Units, and subsequent conversion into a number of OP Units determined based on the difference between the volume-weighted average price of a common share at the time the Formation Award was granted and the value of a common share on the conversion date. The conversion ratio between Formation Awards and LTIP Units, which starts at zero, is the quotient of: (i) the excess of the value of a common share on the conversion date above the per share value at the time the Formation 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 term over which their value is allowed to increase and during which they may be converted into LTIP Units (and in turn, OP Units). Holders of Formation Awards will not receive distributions or allocations of net income (net loss) prior to conversion to LTIP Units. The following is a summary of the Formation Awards activity: Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested as of December 31, 2022 The total-grant date fair value of the Formation Awards that vested for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 was million, million and million. Time-Based LTIP Units, LTIP Units and Special Time-Based LTIP Units During each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, we granted to certain employees , and LTIP Units with time-based vesting requirements Time-Based LTIP Units and a weighted average grant-date fair value of , and per unit that primarily vest ratably over subject to continued employment. Compensation expense for these units is primarily being recognized over a period. In July 2021, we granted to certain employees as part of a long-term retention incentive award Time-Based LTIP Units with a grant-date fair value of per unit that vest on the fifth anniversary of the grant date and on each of the sixth and seventh anniversaries of the grant date, subject to continued employment. Additionally, in January 2022 , we granted to certain employees LTIP Units with a grant-date fair value of per unit that vest over the same period. Compensation expense for these units is being recognized over a period. During each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, we granted , and fully vested LTIP Units to certain employees, who elected to receive all or a portion of their cash bonus, related to prior service, as LTIP Units. The LTIP Units had a grant-date fair value of , and per unit. During each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, as part of their annual compensation, we granted to non-employee trustees a total of , and fully vested LTIP Units with a grant-date fair value of , and . The LTIP Units may not be sold while a trustee is serving on the Board of Trustees. The aggregate grant-date fair value of the Time-Based LTIP Units and LTIP Units granted (collectively Granted LTIPs for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 was million, million and million. Holders of the Granted LTIPs and the Time-Based LTIP Units issued in 2018 related to our successful pursuit of Amazon s new headquarters Special Time-Based LTIP Units have the right to convert vested units into OP Units, which are then subsequently exchangeable for our common shares. Granted LTIPs and Special Time-Based LTIP Units do not have redemption rights, but any OP Units into which units are converted are entitled to redemption rights. Granted LTIPs and Special Time-Based LTIP Units, generally, vote with the OP Units and do not have any separate voting rights except in connection with actions that would materially and adversely affect the rights of the Granted LTIPs and Special Time-Based LTIP Units. The Granted LTIPs were valued based on the closing common share price on the date of grant, less a 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 to to to Risk-free interest rate to to to Post-grant restriction periods 2 to 2 to 2 to The following is a summary of the Granted LTIPs and Special Time-Based LTIP Units activity: Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested as of December 31, 2022 The total-grant date fair value of the Granted LTIPs and Special Time-Based LTIP Units that vested for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 was million, million and million. Appreciation-Only LTIP Units AO LTIP Units In January 2022, we granted to certain employees million performance-based AO LTIP Units with a weighted average grant-date fair value of per unit. The AO LTIP Units are structured in the form of profits interests that provide for a share of appreciation determined by the increase in the value of a common share at the time of conversion over the participation threshold of . The AO LTIP Units are subject to a total shareholder return TSR modifier whereby the number of AO LTIP Units that will ultimately be earned will be increased or reduced by as much as . The AO LTIP Units have a performance period with of the AO LTIP Units that are earned vesting at the end of the performance period and the remaining vesting on the fourth anniversary of the grant date, subject to continued employment. The AO LTIP Units expire on the ten th anniversary of their grant date. The aggregate grant-date fair value of the AO LTIP Units granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was million, valued using Monte Carlo simulations based on the following significant assumptions: Dividend yield Risk-free interest rate The following is a summary of the AO LTIP Units activity: Forfeited / cancelled ) Unvested as of December 31, 2022 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 and LTIP Units with performance-based vesting requirements Performance-Based LTIP Units and a weighted average grant-date fair value of and per unit. Performance-Based LTIP Units are performance-based equity compensation pursuant to which participants have the opportunity to earn LTIP Units based on the relative performance of the TSR of our common shares compared to the companies in the FTSE Nareit Equity Office Index, over the defined performance period beginning on the grant date, inclusive of dividends and stock price appreciation. Our Performance-Based LTIP Units have a performance period. of any Performance-Based LTIP Units that are earned vest at the end of the performance period and the remaining vest on the fourth anniversary of the date of grant, subject to continued employment. If, however, the Performance-Based LTIP Units do not achieve a positive absolute TSR at the end of the performance period, but achieve at least the threshold level of the relative performance criteria thereof, of the units that otherwise could have been earned will be forfeited, and the remaining units that are earned will vest if and when we achieve a positive TSR during the succeeding , measured at the end of each quarter . Compensation expense for these units is generally being recognized over a period. In July 2021 , we granted to certain employees as part of a long-term retention incentive award Performance-Based LTIP Units with a weighted average grant-date fair value of per unit that vest on the fifth anniversary of the grant date and on each of the sixth and seventh anniversaries of the grant date, subject to continued employment, based on our achievement of share price targets during the performance period commencing on the first anniversary of the grant date and ending on the sixth anniversary of the grant date. Additionally, in January 2022, we granted to certain employees Performance-Based LTIP Units with a grant-date fair value of per unit that vest over the same period. Compensation expense for these units is being recognized over a period. The aggregate grant-date fair value of the Performance-Based LTIP Units granted for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 was , million and million, valued using Monte Carlo simulations based on the following significant assumptions: to Dividend yield Risk-free interest rate to The following is a summary of the Performance-Based LTIP activity: Granted Vested ) Forfeited / cancelled ) Unvested as of December 31, 2022 (1) 

 (1) In January 2023, Performance-Based LTIP Units, which were unvested as of December 31, 2022, were forfeited as the performance measures were not met . The total-grant date fair value of the Performance-Based LTIP that vested for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 was million, million and million. 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 and RSUs with time-based vesting requirements Time-Based RSUs and a weighted average grant-date fair value of and per unit. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we granted to certain non-executive employees RSUs with performance-based vesting requirements Performance-Based RSUs and a weighted average grant-date fair value of per unit. Vesting requirements and compensation expense recognition for the Time-Based RSUs and the Performance-Based RSUs are primarily consistent to those of the Time-Based LTIP Units and Performance-Based LTIP Units granted in 2022 and 2021. The aggregate grant-date fair value of the RSUs granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and . The Time-Based RSUs were valued based on the closing common share price on the date of grant and the Performance-Based RSUs were valued using Monte Carlo simulations with the same significant assumptions used to value the Performance-Based LTIP Units above. The following is a summary of the RSUs activity: Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested as of December 31, 2022 The aggregate total-grant date fair value of the RSUs that vested for the year ended December 31, 2022 was . ESPP The ESPP authorized the issuance of up to million common shares. The ESPP provides eligible employees an option to contribute up to in any calendar year, through payroll deductions, toward the purchase of our common shares at a discount of of the closing price of a common share on relevant determination dates. As of December 31, 2022, there were million common shares available for issuance under the ESPP. Pursuant to the ESPP, employees purchased , and common shares for million, million and million during each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, valued using Black Scholes model based on the following significant assumptions: to to to Dividend yield to to to Risk-free interest rate to to Expected life 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 Share-Based Compensation Expense The following is a summary of share-based compensation expense: AO LTIP Units and Performance-Based LTIP Units LTIP Units Other equity awards (1) Share-based compensation expense - other Formation Awards OP Units and LTIP Units (2) Special Time-Based LTIP Units and Special Performance-Based LTIP Units (3) Share-based compensation related to Formation Transaction and special equity awards (4) Total share-based compensation expense Less: amount capitalized ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense 

 (1) Primarily comprising compensation expense for: (i) fully vested LTIP Units issued to certain employees in lieu of all or a portion of any cash bonuses earned, (ii) RSUs and (iii) shares issued under our ESPP. (2) Includes share-based compensation expense for LTIP Units and OP Units issued in the Formation Transaction, which fully vested in July 2022 . (3) Represents equity awards issued related to our successful pursuit of Amazon s additional headquarters in National Landing. (4) Included in General and administrative expense: Share-based compensation related to Formation Transaction and special equity awards in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested share-based payment arrangements, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Employee Benefits We have a 401(k) defined contribution plan covering substantially all of our officers and employees which permits participants to defer compensation up to the maximum amount permitted by law. We provide a discretionary matching contribution. Employer contributions vest after of service. Our contributions for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 were million, million and million. 2023 Grants In 2023, we granted million AO LTIP Units, Time-Based LTIP Units and Time-Based RSUs to certain employees with an estimated total grant-date fair value of million. Additionally, we granted fully vested LTIP Units, with a total grant-date fair value of million, to certain employees who elected to receive all or a portion of their cash bonus earned, related to 2022 service, as LTIP Units. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 Integration and severance costs Completed, potential and pursued transaction expenses (1) Other (2) Transaction and other costs 

 (1) Includes primarily legal and dead deal costs. (2) Related to charitable commitments to the Washington Housing Conservancy, a non-profit that acquires and owns affordable workforce housing in the Washington D.C. metropolitan area . Amortization of deferred financing costs Interest expense related to finance lease right-of-use assets Net (gain) loss on derivative financial instruments designated as ineffective hedges: Net unrealized ) ) Net realized Capitalized interest ) ) ) Interest expense million of our outstanding common shares, which it increased to an aggregate of billion in June 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased and retired million common shares for million, a weighted average purchase price per share of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, we repurchased and retired million common shares for million, a weighted average purchase price per share of . Since we began the share repurchase program, we have repurchased and retired million common shares for million, a weighted average purchase price per share of . 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Net (income) loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders ) ) Distributions to participating securities ) ) ) Net income (loss) available to common shareholders - basic and diluted ) ) Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted Earnings (loss) per common share - basic and diluted ) ) The effect of the redemption of OP Units, Time-Based LTIP Units, fully vested LTIP Units and Special Time-Based LTIP Units that were outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is excluded in the computation of diluted earnings (loss) per common share as the assumed exchange of such units for common shares on a one-for-one basis was antidilutive (the assumed redemption of these units would have no impact on the determination of diluted earnings (loss) per share). Since OP Units, Time-Based LTIP Units, LTIP Units and Special Time-Based LTIP Units, which are held by noncontrolling interests, are attributed gains at an identical proportion to the common shareholders, the gains attributable and their equivalent weighted average impact are excluded from net income (loss) available to common shareholders and from the weighted average number of common shares outstanding in calculating diluted earnings (loss) per common share. AO LTIP Units, Performance-Based LTIP Units, Formation Awards and RSUs, which totaled million, million and million for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings (loss) per common share as they were antidilutive, but potentially could be dilutive in the future. million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and was recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in our consolidated balance sheets, of which a portion was reclassified to Redeemable noncontrolling interests. Within the next 12 months, we expect to reclassify million of the net unrealized gain as a decrease to interest expense. The fair values of the derivative financial instruments are based on the estimated amounts we would receive or pay to terminate the contracts at the reporting date and are determined using interest rate pricing models and observable inputs. The derivative financial instruments are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 Derivative financial instruments designated as ineffective hedges: Classified as assets in Other assets, net December 31, 2021 Derivative financial instruments designated as effective hedges: Classified as assets in Other assets, net Classified as liabilities in Other liabilities, net Derivative financial instruments designated as ineffective hedges: Classified as assets in Other assets, net The fair values of our derivative financial instruments were determined using widely accepted valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of the derivative financial instrument. This analysis reflected the contractual terms of the derivative, including the period to maturity, and used observable market-based inputs, including interest rate market data and implied volatilities in such interest rates. While it was determined that the majority of the inputs used to value the derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy under authoritative accounting guidance, the credit valuation adjustments associated with the derivatives also utilized Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default. However, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of the derivative financial instruments was assessed, and it was determined that these adjustments were not significant to the overall valuation of the derivative financial instruments. As a result, it was determined that the derivative financial instruments in their entirety should be classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The net unrealized gains and losses included in Other comprehensive income (loss) in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 were attributable to the net change in unrealized gains or losses related to the interest rate swaps and caps that were outstanding during those periods, none of which were reported in our consolidated statements of operations as the interest rate swaps and caps were documented and qualified as hedging instruments. Fair Value Measurements on a Nonrecurring Basis We evaluate the carrying amount of our assets for impairment. An impairment exists when the carrying amount of an asset exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. In connection with the preparation and review of our 2021 annual consolidated financial statements, we assessed the recoverability of the carrying amount of our real estate and related intangible assets. This assessment resulted in the remeasurement of 7200 Wisconsin Avenue, RTC-West and a development parcel, which were written down to their estimated aggregate fair value of million and were classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. Our estimates of the fair values were based on expected sales prices as determined by contracts that were under negotiation as of December 31, 2021, after adjusting for estimated selling costs. The assets were sold to an unconsolidated real estate venture in April 2022. The remeasurement results in impairment losses totaling million, which are included in Impairment loss in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. There were other assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 Revolving credit facility Unsecured term loans 

 (1) The carrying amount consists of principal only. 
 The fair values of the mortgage loans, revolving credit facility and unsecured term loans were determined using Level 2 inputs of the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of our mortgage loans is estimated by discounting the future contractual cash flows of these instruments using current risk-adjusted rates available to borrowers with similar credit profiles based on market sources. The fair value of our revolving credit facility and unsecured term loans is calculated based on the net present value of payments over the term of the facilities using estimated market rates for similar notes and remaining terms. reportable segments (commercial, multifamily, and third-party asset management and real estate services) based on the economic characteristics and nature of our assets and services. To conform to the current period presentation, we have reclassified the prior period segment financial data for 1700 M Street, for which we are the ground lessor, that had been classified as part of the commercial segment to the other segment to better align with our internal reporting. The CODM measures and evaluates the performance of our operating segments, with the exception of the third-party asset management and real estate services business, based on the net operating income NOI of properties within each segment. NOI includes property rental revenue and parking revenue, and deducts property operating expenses and real estate taxes. With respect to the third-party asset management and real estate services business, the CODM reviews revenue streams generated by this segment Third-party real estate services, including reimbursements ), as well as the expenses attributable to the segment General and administrative: third-party real estate services ), which are both disclosed separately in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 Asset management fees Development fees Leasing fees Construction management fees Other service revenue Third-party real estate services revenue, excluding reimbursements Reimbursement revenue (1) Third-party real estate services revenue, including reimbursements Third-party real estate services expenses Third-party real estate services revenue less expenses ) ) 

 (1) Represents reimbursement of expenses incurred by us on behalf of third parties, including allocated payroll costs and amounts paid to third-party contractors for construction management projects. 
 Management company assets primarily consist of management and leasing contracts with a net book value of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, which are classified in Intangible assets, net in our consolidated balance sheets. Consistent with internal reporting presented to our CODM and our definition of NOI, the third-party asset management and real estate services operating results are excluded from the NOI data below. 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Add: Depreciation and amortization expense General and administrative expense: Corporate and other Third-party real estate services Share-based compensation related to Formation Transaction and special equity awards Transaction and other costs Interest expense Loss on the extinguishment of debt Impairment loss Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Less: Third-party real estate services, including reimbursements revenue Other revenue Loss from unconsolidated real estate ventures, net ) ) ) Interest and other income (loss), net ) Gain on the sale of real estate, net Consolidated NOI 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 The following is a summary of NOI by segment. Items classified in the Other column include development assets, corporate entities and the elimination of intersegment activity. Parking revenue Total property revenue Property expense: Property operating Real estate taxes Total property expense Consolidated NOI Year Ended December 31, 2021 Commercial Multifamily Other Total (In thousands) Property rental revenue Parking revenue Total property revenue Property expense: Property operating ) Real estate taxes Total property expense Consolidated NOI 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 Commercial Multifamily Other Total (In thousands) Property rental revenue Parking revenue Total property revenue Property expense: Property operating ) Real estate taxes Total property expense ) Consolidated NOI 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 The following is a summary of certain balance sheet data by segment: Investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures Total assets December 31, 2021 Real estate, at cost Investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures Total assets million per occurrence and in the aggregate, and property and rental value insurance coverage with limits of billion per occurrence, with sub-limits for certain perils such as floods and earthquakes on each of our properties. We also maintain coverage, through our wholly owned captive insurance subsidiary, for a portion of the first loss on the above limits and for both terrorist acts and for nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological terrorism events with limits of billion per occurrence. These policies are partially reinsured by third-party insurance providers. We will continue to monitor the state of the insurance market, and the scope and costs of coverage for acts of terrorism. We cannot anticipate what coverage will be available on commercially reasonable terms in the future. We are responsible for deductibles and losses in excess of the insurance coverage, which could be material. Our debt, consisting of mortgage loans secured by our properties, a revolving credit facility and unsecured term loans, contains customary covenants requiring adequate insurance coverage. Although we believe that we currently have adequate insurance coverage, we may not be able to obtain an equivalent amount of coverage at a reasonable cost in the future. If lenders insist on greater coverage than we are able to obtain, it could adversely affect our ability to finance or refinance our properties. Construction Commitments As of December 31, 2022, we had assets under construction that, based on our current plans and estimates, require an additional million to complete, which we anticipate will be primarily expended over the next two to three years . These capital expenditures are generally due as the work is performed, and we expect to finance them with debt proceeds, proceeds from asset recapitalizations and sales, and available cash. Environmental Matters Most of our assets have been subject to environmental assessments that are intended to evaluate the environmental condition of the assets. The environmental assessments did not reveal any material environmental contamination that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our overall business, financial condition or results of operations, or that have not been anticipated and remediated during site redevelopment as required by law. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that the identification of new areas of contamination, changes in the extent or known scope of contamination, the discovery of additional sites or changes in cleanup requirements would not result in significant cost to us. Environmental liabilities totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and are included in Other liabilities, net in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 , and had a weighted average remaining lease term of years. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total future minimum lease payments Imputed interest ) Total liabilities related to lease right-of-use assets In April 2022, we sold the finance ground leases at 1730 M Street and Courthouse Plaza 1 and 2 to an unconsolidated real estate venture. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred and million of fixed operating and finance lease expenses, and of variable operating lease expenses. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred and million of fixed operating and finance lease costs, and million of variable operating lease costs. Other As of December 31, 2022, we had committed tenant-related obligations totaling million million related to our consolidated entities and million related to our unconsolidated real estate ventures at our share). The timing and amounts of payments for tenant-related obligations are uncertain and may only be due upon satisfactory performance of certain conditions. There are various legal actions against us in the ordinary course of business. In our opinion, the outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. From time to time, we (or ventures in which we have an ownership interest) have agreed, and may in the future agree with respect to unconsolidated real estate ventures, to (i) guarantee portions of the principal, interest and other amounts in connection with borrowings, (ii) provide customary environmental indemnifications and nonrecourse carve-outs (e.g., guarantees against fraud, misrepresentation and bankruptcy) in connection with borrowings or (iii) provide guarantees to lenders and other third parties for the completion of development projects. We customarily have agreements with our outside venture partners whereby the partners agree to reimburse the real estate venture or us for their share of any payments made under certain of these guarantees. At times, we also have agreements with certain of our outside venture partners whereby we agree to either indemnify the partners and/or the associated ventures with respect to certain contingent liabilities associated with operating assets or to reimburse our partner for its share of any payments made by them under certain guarantees. Guarantees (excluding environmental) customarily terminate either upon the satisfaction of specified circumstances or repayment of the underlying debt. Amounts that we may be required to pay in future periods in relation to guarantees associated with budget overruns or operating losses are not estimable. As of December 31, 2022, we had additional capital commitments and certain recorded guarantees to our unconsolidated real estate ventures and other investments totaling million. As of December 31, 2022, we had principal payment guarantees related to our unconsolidated real estate ventures. Additionally, with respect to borrowings of our consolidated entities, we have agreed, and may in the future agree, to (i) guarantee portions of the principal, interest and other amounts, (ii) provide customary environmental indemnifications and nonrecourse carve-outs (e.g., guarantees against fraud, misrepresentation and bankruptcy) or (iii) provide guarantees to 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 million for our consolidated entities. In connection with the Formation Transaction, we have an agreement with Vornado regarding tax matters (the Tax Matters Agreement that provides special rules that allocate tax liabilities if the distribution of JBG SMITH shares by Vornado, together with certain related transactions, is determined not to be tax-free. Under the Tax Matters Agreement, we may be required to indemnify Vornado against any taxes and related amounts and costs resulting from a violation by us of the Tax Matters Agreement. million, which included a commitment from us of million. As of December 31, 2022, our remaining commitment was million. The third-party real estate services revenue, including expense reimbursements, from the JBG Legacy Funds and the WHI Impact Pool was million, million and million for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had receivables from the JBG Legacy Funds and the WHI Impact Pool totaling million and million for such services. We rented our former corporate offices from an unconsolidated real estate venture and made payments totaling , million and million for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022. We have agreements with Building Maintenance Services BMS ), an entity in which we have a minor preferred interest, to supervise cleaning, engineering and security services at our properties. We paid BMS million, million and million for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, which is included in Property operating expenses in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of our assets, (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisitions, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited our consolidated financial statements and has issued a report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and the Board of Trustees of JBG SMITH Properties Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of JBG SMITH Properties and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 21, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the US federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements . Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP McLean, Virginia February 21, 2023 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES The following discussion summarizes our taxation and the material U.S. federal income tax consequences to holders of our common shares, preferred shares and depositary shares (together with common shares and preferred shares, the shares as well as our warrants and rights (together with the shares, the securities and is provided for general information only. This is not tax advice. The tax treatment of our shareholders will vary depending upon the holder s particular situation, and this discussion does not deal with all aspects of taxation that may be relevant to particular shareholders in light of their personal investment or tax circumstances. This section also does not deal with all aspects of taxation that may be relevant to certain types of shareholders to which special provisions of the U.S. federal income tax laws apply, including: dealers in securities or currencies; traders in securities that elect to use a mark-to-market method of accounting for their securities holdings; banks; life insurance companies; tax-exempt organizations; certain insurance companies; persons liable for the alternative minimum tax; persons that hold shares that are a hedge, that are hedged against interest rate or currency risks or that are part of a straddle or conversion transaction; persons that purchase or sell shares as part of a wash sale for tax purposes; persons who do not hold our shares as capital assets; and U.S. shareholders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. 
 This summary is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code ), its legislative history, existing and proposed regulations under the Code, published rulings and court decisions. This summary describes the provisions of these sources of law only as they are currently in effect. All of these sources of law may change at any time, and any change in the law may apply retroactively. If a partnership holds our shares, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner generally depends on the status of the partner and the tax treatment of the partnership. A partner in a partnership holding our shares should consult its tax advisor with regard to the U.S. federal income tax treatment of an investment in our shares. We urge you to consult with your tax advisors regarding the federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences to you of acquiring, owning and selling our shares, in light of your particular circumstances. Taxation of JBG SMITH as a REIT We elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code, commencing with our taxable year that ended December 31, 2017 (our first taxable year). We believe that we are organized and operate in such a manner as to qualify for taxation as a REIT under the applicable provisions of the Code. We conduct our business as an umbrella partnership REIT, pursuant to which substantially all of our assets are held by our operating partnership, JBG SMITH LP. We are the sole general partner of JBG SMITH LP and we own 88.3 of its outstanding OP Units. JBG SMITH LP owns, directly or indirectly, majority interests in several subsidiary REITs and minority interests in certain other subsidiary REITs through its interests in certain joint ventures. Our subsidiary REITs are subject to the same REIT qualification 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 requirements and other limitations described herein that apply to us (and in certain cases, are subject to more stringent REIT qualification requirements). When we offer our shares, we will request an opinion of Hogan Lovells US LLP, our REIT tax counsel, to the effect that we have been organized and have operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT, effective for each of our taxable years ended December 31, 2017, through and including our immediately preceding calendar year, and that our current organization and current and intended method of operation will enable us to continue to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code for the taxable year in which the offering occurs and thereafter. It must be emphasized that the opinion of Hogan Lovells US LLP, described in the preceding paragraph, regarding our status as a REIT, will rely, without independent investigation or verification, on various assumptions relating to our organization and operation and on prior opinions provided by Sullivan Cromwell LLP and Hogan Lovells US LLP, as described below under Failure to Qualify as a REIT, as to the qualification and taxation of Vornado, each REIT that was contributed by VRLP to JBG SMITH LP and each REIT that was contributed to JBG SMITH LP by JBG, as a REIT, and will be conditioned upon fact-based representations and covenants made by our management regarding our organization, assets and income, and the present and future conduct of our business operations. While we intend to continue to operate so that we continue to qualify to be taxed as a REIT, given the highly complex nature of the rules governing REITs, the ongoing importance of factual determinations, and the possibility of future changes in our circumstances, no assurance can be given by Hogan Lovells US LLP or by us that we will qualify to be taxed as a REIT for any particular year. Any such opinion will be expressed as of the date issued. In connection with such opinion, Hogan Lovells US LLP will have no obligation to advise us or our shareholders of any subsequent change in the matters stated, represented or assumed, or of any subsequent change in the applicable law. You should be aware that opinions of counsel are not binding on the IRS, and no assurance can be given that the IRS will not challenge the conclusions set forth in any such opinion. Hogan Lovells US LLP s opinion would not foreclose the possibility that we may have to use one or more of the REIT savings provisions discussed below, which could require us to pay an excise or penalty tax (which could be significant in amount) in order to maintain our REIT qualification. Our qualification and taxation as a REIT depend on our ability to meet, on a continuing basis, through actual operating results, distribution levels and diversity of share ownership, various qualification requirements imposed upon REITs by the Code, the compliance with which will not be monitored by Hogan Lovells US LLP. Our ability to qualify to be taxed as a REIT also requires that we satisfy certain tests, some of which depend upon the fair market values of assets that we own directly or indirectly. Such values may not be susceptible to a precise determination. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the actual results of our operations for any taxable year will satisfy such requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT. As noted above, we have elected, and believe we have been organized and have operated in such a manner as to qualify, to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, from and after our taxable year that ended December 31, 2017 (our first taxable year). The material qualification requirements are summarized below under -Requirements for Qualification. While we believe that we operate so that we qualify to be taxed as a REIT, no assurance can be given that the IRS will not challenge our qualification, or that we will be able to operate in accordance with the REIT requirements in the future. Please refer to -Failure to Qualify as a REIT. The discussion in this section -Taxation of JBG SMITH as a REIT assumes that we will qualify as a REIT. As a REIT, we generally do not have to pay federal corporate income taxes on our net income that we currently distribute to our shareholders. This treatment substantially eliminates the double taxation at the corporate and shareholder levels that generally results from investment in a regular corporation. Our dividends, however, typically are not eligible for (i) the reduced rates of tax applicable to dividends received by noncorporate shareholders, except in limited circumstances, and (ii) the corporate dividends received deduction. For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, however, U.S. shareholders that are individuals, trusts or estates may deduct 20 of the aggregate amount of ordinary dividends distributed by us, subject to certain limitations. Our capital gain dividends and qualified dividend income generally are subject to a maximum 23.8 rate (which rate takes into account the maximum capital gain rate of 20 and the 3.8 Medicare tax on net investment income, described below under -Net Investment Income Tax ). See -Taxation of U.S. Shareholders-Taxation of Taxable U.S. Shareholders-Taxation of Dividends. 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 Any net operating losses, foreign tax credits and other tax attributes generated or incurred by us generally do not pass through to our shareholders, subject to special rules for certain items such as the capital gain that we recognize. See -Taxation of U.S. Shareholders-Taxation of Taxable U.S. Shareholders-Taxation of Dividends. Although we generally do not pay federal corporate income tax on our net income that we currently distribute to our shareholders, we will have to pay U.S. federal income tax as follows: First, we will have to pay tax at regular corporate rates on any undistributed REIT taxable income, including undistributed net capital gains. Second, if we elect to treat property that we acquire in connection with certain leasehold terminations or a foreclosure of a mortgage loan as foreclosure property, we may thereby avoid (i) the 100 prohibited transactions tax on gain from a resale of that property (if the sale otherwise would constitute a prohibited transaction); and (ii) the inclusion of any income from such property as non-qualifying income for purposes of the REIT gross income tests discussed below. Income from the sale or operation of the property may be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax at the highest applicable rate (currently 21 ). Third, if we have net income from prohibited transactions, as defined in the Code, we will have to pay a 100 tax on that income. Prohibited transactions are, in general, certain sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. Fourth, if we should fail to satisfy the 75 gross income test or the 95 gross income test, as discussed below under -Requirements for Qualification-Income Tests, but have nonetheless maintained our qualification as a REIT because we have satisfied some other requirements, we will have to pay a 100 tax on an amount equal to (a) the gross income attributable to the greater of (i) 75 of our gross income over the amount of gross income that is qualifying income for purposes of the 75 test, and (ii) 95 of our gross income over the amount of gross income that is qualifying income for purposes of the 95 test, multiplied by (b) a fraction intended to reflect our profitability. Fifth, if we should fail to distribute during each calendar year at least the sum of (1) 85 of our REIT ordinary income for that year, (2) 95 of our REIT capital gain net income for that year and (3) any undistributed taxable income from prior periods, we would have to pay a 4 excise tax on the excess of that required distribution over the sum of the amounts actually distributed and retained amounts on which income tax is paid at the corporate level. Sixth, if we acquire any asset from a C corporation in certain transactions in which we succeed to the basis of the asset or any other property in the hands of the C corporation as the basis of the asset in our hands, and we recognize gain on the disposition of that asset during the five-year period beginning on the date on which we acquired that asset, then we will have to pay tax on the built-in gain at the highest regular corporate rate. A C corporation means generally a corporation that has to pay full corporate-level tax. Seventh, if we derive excess inclusion income from a residual interest in a REMIC or certain interests in a TMP we could be subject to corporate level federal income tax at a 21 rate to the extent that such income is allocable to certain types of tax-exempt shareholders that are not subject to unrelated business income tax, such as government entities. Eighth, if we receive non-arm s-length income from a TRS, or as a result of services provided by a TRS to our tenants or to us, we will be subject to a 100 tax on the amount of our non-arm s-length income. Ninth, if we fail to satisfy a REIT asset test, as described below, due to reasonable cause and we nonetheless maintain our REIT qualification because of specified cure provisions, we will generally be required to pay a tax equal to the greater of 50,000 or the highest corporate tax rate multiplied by the net income generated by the nonqualifying assets that caused us to fail such test. Tenth, if we fail to satisfy any provision of the Code that would result in our failure to qualify as a REIT (other than a violation of the REIT gross income tests or a violation of the asset tests described below) and the violation is due to reasonable cause, we may retain our REIT qualification but will be required to pay a penalty of 50,000 for each such failure. 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 Eleventh, we have a number of TRSs, the net income of which will be subject to U.S. federal, state and local corporate income tax at normal rates. 
 Notwithstanding our qualification as a REIT, we and our subsidiaries also may be subject to a variety of other taxes, including payroll taxes, property and other taxes on our assets, operations and net worth. We also could be subject to tax in other situations and on transactions not presently contemplated. Requirements for Qualification The Code defines a REIT as a corporation, trust or association: which is managed by one or more directors or trustees; the beneficial ownership of which is evidenced by transferable shares, or by transferable certificates of beneficial interest; that would otherwise be taxable as a domestic corporation, but for Sections 856 through 859 of the Code; that is neither a financial institution nor an insurance company to which certain provisions of the Code apply; the beneficial ownership of which is held by 100 or more persons (except with respect to the first taxable year for which an election to be taxed as a REIT is made); during the last half of each taxable year, not more than 50 in value of the outstanding shares of which is owned, directly or constructively, by five or fewer individuals, as defined in the Code to include certain entities (the not closely held requirement (except with respect to the first taxable year for which an election to be taxed as a REIT is made); and that meets certain other tests, including tests described below regarding the nature of its income and assets. 
 The Code provides that the conditions described in the first through fourth bullet points above must be met during the entire taxable year and that the condition described in the fifth bullet point above must be met during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months, or during a proportionate part of a taxable year of less than 12 months. We satisfy the conditions described in the first through sixth bullet points of the preceding paragraph. Our declaration of trust provides for restrictions regarding the ownership and transfer of our shares of beneficial interest, which restrictions are intended to assist us in continuing to satisfy the share ownership requirements described in the fifth and sixth bullet points of the preceding paragraph. The ownership and transfer restrictions pertaining to our common shares are described in this prospectus under the heading Description of Shares of Beneficial Interest-Common Shares-Restrictions on Ownership of Common Shares. Ownership of Subsidiary Entities Ownership of Partnerships, Limited Liability Companies and Qualified REIT Subsidiaries If we are a partner in an entity that is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Treasury regulations under Section 856 of the Code provide that for purposes of the gross income and asset tests applicable to REITs that are described below, we will be deemed to own our proportionate share of the assets of the partnership and will be deemed to be entitled to the income of the partnership attributable to that share. In addition, the character of the assets and gross income of the partnership will retain the same character in our hands for purposes of Section 856 of the Code, including for purposes of satisfying the gross income tests and the asset tests. As the sole general partner of our operating partnership, JBG SMITH LP, we have direct control over it and indirect control over the subsidiaries in which JBG SMITH LP or a subsidiary has a controlling interest. We currently intend to operate these entities in a manner consistent with the requirements for our qualification as a REIT. If we are or become a limited partner or non-managing member in any partnership or limited liability company and such entity takes or expects to take actions that could jeopardize our status as a REIT or require us to pay tax, we may be forced to dispose of our interest in such entity (including possibly by transferring the interest to one of our TRSs). In addition, it is possible that a partnership or limited liability company could take an 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 action that could cause us to fail a gross income or asset test, and that we would not become aware of such action in time for us to dispose of our interest in the partnership or limited liability company or take other corrective action on a timely basis. In that case, we could fail to qualify as a REIT unless we were entitled to relief as described below in -Failure to Qualify as a REIT. In addition, actions taken by partnerships in which we own an interest can affect the determination of whether we have net income from prohibited transactions. See the fourth bullet in the list under -Taxation of JBG SMITH as a REIT for a brief description of prohibited transactions. Under the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, liability is imposed on a partnership (rather than its partners) for adjustments to reported partnership taxable income resulting from audits or other tax proceedings. The liability can include an imputed underpayment of tax, calculated by using the highest marginal U.S. federal income tax rate, as well as interest and penalties on such imputed underpayment of tax. Using certain rules, partnerships may be able to transfer these liabilities to their partners. In the event any adjustments are imposed by the IRS on the taxable income reported by JBG SMITH LP or any of our other subsidiary partnerships, we intend to use the audit rules to the extent possible to allow us to transfer any liability with respect to such adjustments to the partners of JBG SMITH LP (which would include us) or the partners of any other subsidiary partnership who should properly bear such liability. However, there is no assurance that we will qualify under those rules or that we will have the authority to use those rules under the operating agreements for certain of our subsidiary partnerships. If we own a corporate subsidiary that is a QRS, the QRS generally is disregarded for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and its assets, liabilities and items of income, deduction and credit are treated as assets, liabilities and items of income, deduction and credit of ours, including for purposes of the gross income and asset tests that apply to us as a REIT. A QRS is any corporation other than a TRS that is wholly owned by us. Other entities that are wholly owned by us, including single member limited liability companies that have not elected to be taxed as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes, also generally are disregarded as separate entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, including for purposes of the REIT income and asset tests. Disregarded subsidiaries, along with any partnerships in which we hold an equity interest, are sometimes referred to herein as pass-through subsidiaries. If a disregarded subsidiary ceases to be wholly owned by us (for example, if any equity interest in the subsidiary is acquired by a person other than us or another disregarded subsidiary of ours), the subsidiary s separate existence no longer would be disregarded for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Instead, the subsidiary would have multiple owners and would be treated either as a partnership or a taxable corporation. Such an event could, depending on the circumstances, adversely affect our ability to satisfy the various asset and gross income requirements applicable to REITs, including the requirement that REITs generally may not own, directly or indirectly, more than 10 of the securities of another corporation unless it is a TRS, a QRS or another REIT. See -Income Tests and -Asset Tests. Ownership of Subsidiary REITs JBG SMITH LP owns, directly or indirectly, majority interests in several subsidiary REITs and minority interests in certain other subsidiary REITs through our interests in certain joint ventures. We believe that these subsidiary REITs are organized and operate in a manner that permits them to qualify for taxation as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, if any of these subsidiary REITs were to fail to qualify as a REIT, then (i) the subsidiary REIT would become subject to regular U.S. corporate income tax, as described herein, see -Failure to Qualify as a REIT below, and (ii) our equity interest in such subsidiary REIT would cease to be a qualifying real estate asset for purposes of the 75 asset test and could become subject to the 5 asset test, the 10 voting share asset test, and the 10 value asset test generally applicable to our ownership in corporations other than REITs, QRSs and TRSs. See -Asset Tests below. If a subsidiary REIT were to fail to qualify as a REIT and if we were not able to treat the subsidiary REIT as a TRS of ours pursuant to certain prophylactic elections we have made, it is possible that we would not meet the 10 voting share test and the 10 value test with respect to our indirect interest in such entity, in which event we would fail to qualify as a REIT unless we could avail ourselves of certain relief provisions. Taxable REIT Subsidiaries JBG SMITH LP owns a number of TRSs. A TRS is any corporation in which a REIT directly or indirectly owns stock, provided that the REIT and that corporation make a joint election to treat that corporation as a TRS. The election can be 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 revoked at any time as long as the REIT and the TRS revoke such election jointly. In addition, if a TRS holds, directly or indirectly, more than 35 of the securities of any other corporation other than a REIT (by vote or by value), then that other corporation is also treated as a TRS. A corporation can be a TRS with respect to more than one REIT. A TRS is subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates (currently a maximum rate of 21 ), and may also be subject to state and local taxation. Any dividends paid or deemed paid by any one of our TRSs will also be taxable, either (1) to us to the extent the dividend is retained by us, or (2) to our shareholders to the extent the dividends received from the TRS are paid to our shareholders. We may hold more than 10 of the stock of a TRS without jeopardizing our qualification as a REIT notwithstanding the rule described below under -Asset Tests that generally precludes ownership of more than 10 of any issuer s securities. However, as noted below, for us to qualify as a REIT, the securities of all the TRSs in which we have invested either directly or indirectly may not represent more than 20 of the total value of our assets. Other than certain activities related to operating or managing a lodging or health care facility, a TRS may generally engage in any business, including the provision of customary or non-customary services to tenants of the parent REIT. Income Tests To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we annually must satisfy two gross income requirements. First, we must derive at least 75 of our gross income, excluding gross income from prohibited transactions, for each taxable year directly or indirectly from investments relating to real property, mortgages on real property or investments in REIT equity securities, including rents from real property, as defined in the Code, or from certain types of temporary investments. Rents from real property generally include our expenses that are paid or reimbursed by tenants. Second, at least 95 of our gross income, excluding gross income from prohibited transactions, for each taxable year must be derived from real property investments as described in the preceding bullet point, dividends, interest and gain from the sale or disposition of stock or securities, or from any combination of these types of sources. 
 Rents that we receive will qualify as rents from real property in satisfying the gross income requirements for a REIT described above only if the rents satisfy several conditions. First, the amount of rent must not be based in whole or in part on the income or profits of any person. However, an amount received or accrued generally will not be excluded from rents from real property solely because it is based on a fixed percentage or percentages of receipts or sales. Second, the Code provides that rents received from a tenant will not qualify as rents from real property in satisfying the gross income tests if the REIT, directly or under the applicable attribution rules, owns a 10 or greater interest in that tenant; except that rents received from a TRS under certain circumstances qualify as rents from real property even if we own more than a 10 interest in the subsidiary. We refer to a tenant in which we own a 10 or greater interest as a related party tenant. Third, if rent attributable to personal property leased in connection with a lease of real property is greater than 15 of the total rent received under the lease, then the portion of rent attributable to the personal property will not qualify as rents from real property. Finally, for rents received to qualify as rents from real property, the REIT generally must not operate or manage the property or furnish or render services to the tenants of the property, other than through an independent contractor from whom the REIT derives no revenue or through a TRS. However, we may directly perform certain services that landlords usually or customarily render when renting space for occupancy only or that are not considered rendered to the occupant of the property. 
 We expect that we will not derive material rents from related party tenants. We also expect that we will not derive material rental income attributable to personal property, except where the personal property is leased in connection with the lease of real property and the amount of which is less than 15 of the total rent received under the lease. 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 We directly perform services for some of our tenants. We do not believe that the provision of these services will cause our gross income attributable to these tenants to fail to be treated as rents from real property. If we were to directly provide services to a tenant that are other than those that landlords usually or customarily provide when renting space for occupancy only, amounts received or accrued by us for any of these services will not be treated as rents from real property for purposes of the REIT gross income tests. However, the amounts received or accrued for these services will not cause other amounts received with respect to the property to fail to be treated as rents from real property unless the amounts treated as received in respect of the services, together with amounts received for certain management services, exceed 1 of all amounts received or accrued by us during the taxable year with respect to the property. If the sum of the amounts received in respect of the services to tenants and management services described in the preceding sentence exceeds the 1 threshold, then all amounts received or accrued by us with respect to the property will not qualify as rents from real property, even if we only provide the impermissible services to some, but not all, of the tenants of the property. The term interest generally does not include any amount received or accrued, directly or indirectly, if the determination of that amount depends in whole or in part on the income or profits of any person. However, an amount received or accrued generally will not be excluded from the term interest solely because it is based on a fixed percentage or percentages of receipts or sales. From time to time, we may enter into hedging transactions with respect to one or more of our assets or liabilities. Our hedging activities may include entering into interest rate swaps, caps and floors, options to purchase these items, and futures and forward contracts. Except to the extent provided by Treasury regulations, any income we derive from a hedging transaction that is clearly identified as such as specified in the Code, including gain from the sale or disposition of such a transaction, will not constitute gross income for purposes of the 75 or 95 gross income tests, and therefore will be excluded for purposes of these tests, but only to the extent that the transaction hedges indebtedness incurred or to be incurred by us to acquire or carry real estate. The term hedging transaction, as used above, generally means any transaction we enter into in the normal course of our business primarily to manage risk of interest rate or price changes or currency fluctuations with respect to borrowings made or to be made, or ordinary obligations incurred or to be incurred, by us. Hedging transaction also includes any transaction entered into primarily to manage the risk of currency fluctuations with respect to any item of income or gain that would be qualifying income under the 75 or 95 gross income test (or any property which generates such income or gain), including gain from the termination of such a transaction. Gross income also excludes income from clearly identified hedging transactions that are entered into with respect to previously acquired hedging transactions that a REIT entered into to manage interest rate or currency fluctuation risks when the previously hedged indebtedness is extinguished or property is disposed of. We intend to structure any hedging transactions in a manner that does not jeopardize our status as a REIT. Interest income and gain from the sale of a debt instrument not secured by real property or an interest in real property, including nonqualified debt instruments issued by a publicly offered REIT, are not treated as qualifying income for purposes of the 75 gross income test (even though such instruments are treated as real estate assets, as discussed below) but are treated as qualifying income for purposes of the 95 gross income test. A publicly offered REIT means a REIT that is required to file annual and periodic reports with the SEC under the Exchange Act. As a general matter, certain foreign currency gains will be excluded from gross income for purposes of one or both of the gross income tests, as follows. Real estate foreign exchange gain will be excluded from gross income for purposes of both the 75 and 95 gross income test. Real estate foreign exchange gain generally includes foreign currency gain attributable to any item of income or gain that is qualifying income for purposes of the 75 gross income test, foreign currency gain attributable to the acquisition or ownership of (or becoming or being the obligor under) obligations secured by mortgages on real property or on interests in real property and certain foreign currency gain attributable to certain qualified business units of a REIT. Passive foreign exchange gain will be excluded from gross income for purposes of the 95 gross income test. Passive foreign exchange gain generally includes real estate foreign exchange gain as described above, and also includes foreign currency gain attributable to any item of income or gain that is qualifying income for purposes of the 95 gross income test and foreign currency gain attributable to the acquisition or ownership of (or becoming or being the obligor under) obligations that would not fall within the scope of the definition of real estate foreign exchange gain. 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 If we fail to satisfy one or both of the 75 or 95 gross income tests for any taxable year, we may nevertheless qualify as a REIT for that year if we satisfy the requirements of other provisions of the Code that allow relief from disqualification as a REIT. These relief provisions will generally be available if: Our failure to meet the income tests was due to reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect; and We file a schedule of each item of income in excess of the limitations described above in accordance with regulations to be prescribed by the IRS. 
 We might not be entitled to the benefit of these relief provisions, however, and, even if these relief provisions apply, we would have to pay a tax on the excess income. The tax will be a 100 tax on an amount equal to (a) the gross income attributable to the greater of (i) 75 of our gross income over the amount of gross income that is qualifying income for purposes of the 75 test, and (ii) 95 of our gross income over the amount of gross income that is qualifying income for purposes of the 95 test, multiplied by (b) a fraction intended to reflect our profitability. Asset Tests At the close of each quarter of our taxable year, we must also satisfy four tests relating to the nature of our assets. First, at least 75 of the value of our total assets must be represented by real estate assets, including (a) real estate assets held by our QRSs, our allocable share of real estate assets held by partnerships in which we own an interest and stock issued by another REIT, (b) for a period of one year from the date of our receipt of proceeds of an offering of our shares of beneficial interest or publicly offered debt with a term of at least five years, stock or debt instruments purchased with these proceeds, (c) cash, cash items and government securities, and (d) certain debt instruments of publicly offered REITs (as defined above), interests in real property or interests in mortgages on real property (including a mortgage secured by both real property and personal property, provided that the fair market value of the personal property does not exceed 15 of the total fair market value of all property securing such mortgage), and personal property to the extent that rents attributable to the property are treated as rents from real property under the applicable Code section. Second, not more than 25 of our total assets may be represented by securities other than those in the 75 asset class (except that not more than 25 of the REIT s total assets may be represented by nonqualified debt instruments issued by publicly offered REITs). For this purpose, a nonqualified debt instrument issued by a publicly offered REIT is any real estate asset that would cease to be a real estate asset if the definition of a real estate asset was applied without regard to the reference to debt instruments issued by publicly offered REITs. Third, not more than 20 of our total assets may constitute securities issued by TRSs and, of the investments included in the 25 asset class, the value of any one issuer s securities, other than equity securities issued by another REIT or securities issued by a TRS, owned by us may not exceed 5 of the value of our total assets. Fourth, we may not own more than 10 of the vote or value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer, except for issuers that are REITs, QRSs or TRSs, or certain securities that qualify under a safe harbor provision of the Code (such as so-called straight-debt securities). 
 Solely for the purposes of the 10 value test described above, the determination of our interest in the assets of any partnership or limited liability company in which we own an interest will be based on our capital interest in any securities issued by the partnership or limited liability company, excluding for this purpose certain securities described in the Code. If the IRS successfully challenges the partnership status of any of the partnerships in which we maintain a more than 10 vote or value interest, and the partnership is reclassified as a corporation or a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation, we could lose our REIT status. In addition, in the case of such a successful challenge, we could lose our REIT status if such recharacterization results in us otherwise failing one of the asset tests described above. Certain relief provisions may be available to us if we fail to satisfy the asset tests described above after a 30-day cure period. Under these provisions, we will be deemed to have met the 5 and 10 REIT asset tests if the value of our 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 nonqualifying assets (i) does not exceed the lesser of (a) 1 of the total value of our assets at the end of the applicable quarter and (b) 10,000,000, and (ii) we dispose of the nonqualifying assets within (a) six months after the last day of the quarter in which the failure to satisfy the asset tests is discovered or (b) the period of time prescribed by Treasury regulations to be issued. For violations due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect that are not described in the preceding sentence, we may avoid disqualification as a REIT under any of the asset tests, after the 30-day cure period, by taking steps including (i) the disposition of the nonqualifying assets to meet the asset test within (a) six months after the last day of the quarter in which the failure to satisfy the asset tests is discovered or (b) the period of time prescribed by Treasury regulations to be issued, (ii) paying a tax equal to the greater of (a) 50,000 or (b) the highest corporate tax rate multiplied by the net income generated by the nonqualifying assets, and (iii) disclosing certain information to the IRS. Annual Distribution Requirements. To qualify as a REIT, we are required to distribute, on an annual basis, dividends, other than capital gain dividends, to our shareholders in an amount at least equal to (1) the sum of (a) 90 of our REIT taxable income, computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction and our net capital gain, and (b) 90 of the net after-tax income, if any, from foreclosure property minus (2) the sum of certain items of non-cash income. In addition, if we acquire an asset from a C corporation in a carryover basis transaction and dispose of such asset during the five-year period beginning on the date on which we acquired that asset, we may be required to distribute at least 90 of the after-tax built-in gain, if any, recognized on the disposition of the asset. These distributions must be paid in the taxable year to which they relate or may be paid in the following taxable year if the distributions are declared before we timely file our tax return for the year to which they relate and are paid on or before the first regular dividend payment after the declaration. A special rule applies that permits distributions that are declared in October, November or December as of a record date in such month and actually paid in January of the following year to be treated as if they were paid on December 31 of the year declared. To the extent that we do not distribute all of our net capital gain or distribute at least 90 , but less than 100 , of our REIT taxable income, as adjusted, we will have to pay tax on the undistributed amounts at regular ordinary and capital gain corporate tax rates. Furthermore, if we fail to distribute during each calendar year at least the sum of (a) 85 of our ordinary income for that year, (b) 95 of our capital gain net income for that year, and (c) any undistributed taxable income from prior periods, we will have to pay a 4 excise tax on the excess of the required distribution over the sum of the amounts actually distributed and retained amounts on which income tax is paid at the corporate level. In order for distributions to be counted as satisfying the annual distribution requirement for REITs, and to provide REITs with a REIT-level dividends paid deduction, the distributions must not be preferential dividends. A distribution is not a preferential dividend if the distribution is (1) pro rata among all outstanding shares of stock within a particular class and (2) in accordance with the preferences among different classes of stock as set forth in the REIT s organizational documents. This requirement does not apply to publicly offered REITs, including us, but continues to apply to our subsidiary REITs. We intend to satisfy the annual distribution requirements. The calculation of REIT taxable income includes deductions for noncash charges, such as depreciation. Accordingly, we anticipate that we generally will have sufficient cash or liquid assets to enable us to satisfy the distribution requirements described above. However, from time to time, we may not have sufficient cash or other liquid assets to meet these distribution requirements due to timing differences between the actual receipt of income and the actual payment of deductible expenses, and the inclusion of income and deduction of expenses for purposes of determining our annual taxable income. Further, under Section 451 of the Code, subject to certain exceptions, we must accrue income for U.S. federal income tax purposes no later than the time at which such income is taken into account in our consolidated financial statements, which could create additional differences between REIT taxable income and the receipt of cash attributable to such income. In addition, we may decide to retain our cash, rather than distribute it, to repay debt, acquire assets, or for other reasons. If these timing differences occur, we may borrow funds to pay dividends or we may pay dividends through the distribution of other property (including our shares) in order to meet the distribution requirements, while preserving our cash. Alternatively, subject to certain conditions and limitations, we may declare a taxable dividend payable in cash 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 or shares at the election of each shareholder, where the aggregate amount of cash to be distributed with respect to such dividend may be subject to limitation. In such case, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, shareholders receiving such dividends will be required to include the full amount (both the cash and share component) of the dividend as ordinary taxable income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. Under certain circumstances, we may be able to rectify a failure to meet the distribution requirement for a year by paying deficiency dividends to shareholders in a later year, which may be included in our deduction for dividends paid for the earlier year. Thus, we may be able to avoid being taxed on amounts distributed as deficiency dividends; however, we will be required to pay interest based upon the amount of any deduction taken for deficiency dividends. Interest Deduction Limitation Section 163(j) of the Code limits the deductibility of net interest expense paid or accrued on debt properly allocable to a trade or business to 30 of adjusted taxable income, subject to certain exceptions. Any amount paid or accrued in excess of the limitation is carried forward and may be deducted in a subsequent year, again subject to the 30 limitation. Adjusted taxable income is determined without regard to certain deductions, including those for net interest expense, and net operating loss carryforwards. Beginning with our federal income tax return for the taxable year ended December 31, 2018, we made a timely election (which is irrevocable), such that the 30 limitation does not apply. This election is available for a trade or business involving real property development, redevelopment, construction, reconstruction, rental, operation, acquisition, conversion, disposition, management, leasing or brokerage, within the meaning of Section 469(c)(7)(C) of the Code. As a result of this election, depreciable real property (including certain improvements) held by the relevant trade or business must be depreciated under the alternative depreciation system under the Code, which generally is less favorable than the generally applicable system of depreciation under the Code. If it was subsequently determined that this election was not in fact available with respect to all or certain of our business activities, the new interest deduction limitation could result in us having more REIT taxable income and, thus, increase the amount of distributions we must make in order to comply with the REIT requirements and avoid incurring corporate level income tax. Failure to Qualify as a REIT If we would otherwise fail to qualify as a REIT because of a violation of one of the requirements described above, our qualification as a REIT will not be terminated if the violation is due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect and we pay a penalty tax of 50,000 for the violation. The immediately preceding sentence does not apply to a violation of the income tests described above or a violation of the asset tests described above, each of which has a specific relief provision that is described above. If we fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT in any taxable year, and the relief provisions described above do not apply, we would be subject to tax on our taxable income at regular corporate tax rates. We cannot deduct distributions to holders of our shares in any year in which we are not a REIT, nor would we be required to make distributions in such a year. We would possibly also be subject to certain taxes enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 that are applicable to non-REIT corporations, including the nondeductible 1 excise tax on certain stock repurchases. As a result, we anticipate that our failure to qualify as a REIT would reduce the funds available for distribution by us to our shareholders. In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, all distributions to our shareholders will be taxable as regular corporate dividends to such shareholders to the extent of current and accumulated earnings and profits (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes). Such dividends paid to U.S. holders of our shares that are individuals, trusts and estates may be taxable at the preferential income tax rates (i.e., the 23.8 maximum U.S. federal rate for capital gain, which rate takes into account the maximum capital gain rate of 20 and the 3.8 Medicare tax on net investment income, described below under -Net Investment Income Tax for qualified dividends. Such dividends, however, would not be eligible for the 20 deduction on qualified REIT dividends allowed by Section 199A of the Code generally available to U.S. holders of our shares that are individuals, trusts or estates for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026. In addition, in a case where we did not qualify to be taxed as a REIT, corporate distributees may be eligible for the dividends received deduction, subject to the limitations of the Code. Unless we are entitled to relief under specific statutory provisions, we also will be disqualified from re-electing to be taxed as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which we lose our qualification. It is not possible to state whether, in all circumstances, we will be entitled to this statutory relief. 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, if either Vornado or JBG SMITH were to fail to qualify as a REIT immediately after the Separation in July 2017, then, in our 2017 taxable year, we would have to recognize corporate-level gain on our assets that were acquired in so-called conversion transactions. (Out of an abundance of caution, we are assuming that the immediately after requirement would be applied looking at the two years following the Separation). For more information, please review the risk factor entitled Unless Vornado and JBG SMITH are both REITs immediately after the distribution of JBG SMITH by Vornado and at all times during the two years thereafter, JBG SMITH could be required to recognize certain corporate-level gains for tax purposes in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 , which is incorporated by reference herein. In connection with the distribution of JBG SMITH by Vornado and the combination, we received an opinion of Sullivan Cromwell LLP and an opinion of Hogan Lovells US LLP to the effect that we were organized in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code, and that our proposed method of operation enabled us to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2017. In addition, we received an opinion of Hogan Lovells US LLP with respect to each REIT that was contributed to JBG SMITH LP by JBG in the combination, and we and JBG received an opinion of Sullivan Cromwell LLP with respect to each REIT that was contributed by VRLP to JBG SMITH LP, in each case to the effect that each such REIT had been organized and had operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code, and that its actual method of operation enabled such REIT to meet up to the date of the distribution, and its proposed method of operation would enable such REIT to continue to meet following the date of the distribution, the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code. Taxation of U.S. Shareholders Taxation of Taxable U.S. Shareholders As used in this section, the term U.S. shareholder means a holder of our shares who, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, is: a citizen or resident of the United States; a domestic corporation; an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or a trust if a United States court can exercise primary supervision over the trust s administration and one or more United States persons have authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust. 
 Taxation of Dividends. As long as we qualify as a REIT, distributions made by us out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, and not designated by us as capital gain dividends, will constitute dividends that are taxable to our taxable U.S. shareholders as ordinary income. Noncorporate U.S. shareholders will generally not be entitled to the preferential tax rate (currently 23.8 , inclusive of the 3.8 net investment income tax) applicable to certain types of dividends that give rise to qualified dividend income, except with respect to the portion of any distribution (a) that represents income from dividends we received from a corporation in which we own shares to the extent that such dividends would be eligible for the lower rate on dividends if paid by the corporation to its individual shareholders, (b) that is equal to the sum of our REIT taxable income (taking into account the dividends paid deduction available to us) and certain net built-in gain with respect to property acquired from a C corporation in certain transactions in which we must adopt the basis of the asset in the hands of the C corporation for our previous taxable year and less any taxes paid by us during our previous taxable year, or (c) that represents earnings and profits that were accumulated by us in a prior non-REIT taxable year, in each case, provided that certain holding period and other requirements are satisfied at both the REIT and individual shareholder level. For taxable years prior to January 1, 2026, our U.S. shareholders that are individuals, trusts or estates may deduct 20 of the aggregate amount of ordinary dividends distributed by us, subject to certain limitations, pursuant to the temporary 20 deduction allowed by Section 199A of the Code. Such noncorporate U.S. shareholders should consult their tax advisors to determine the impact of tax rates on dividends received from us. 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 Our distributions will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction in the case of U.S. shareholders that are corporations. Our distributions that we properly designate as capital gain dividends will be taxable to U.S. shareholders as gain from the sale of a capital asset held for more than one year, to the extent that they do not exceed our actual net capital gain for the taxable year, without regard to the period for which a U.S. shareholder has held its shares. Thus, with certain limitations, capital gain dividends received by an individual U.S. shareholder may be eligible for preferential rates of taxation. U.S. shareholders that are corporations may, however, be required to treat up to 20 of certain capital gain dividends as ordinary income. The maximum amount of dividends that may be designated by us as capital gain dividends and as qualified dividend income with respect to any taxable year may not exceed the dividends paid by us with respect to such year, including dividends paid by us in the succeeding taxable year that relate back to the prior taxable year for purposes of determining our dividends paid deduction. Capital gains attributable to the sale of depreciable real property held for more than twelve months are subject to a 25 maximum U.S. federal income tax rate for taxpayers who are taxed as individuals, to the extent of previously claimed depreciation deductions. In addition, the IRS has been granted authority to prescribe regulations or other guidance requiring the proportionality of the designation for particular types of dividends (for example, capital gain dividends) among REIT shares. To the extent that we make ordinary distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits, these distributions will be treated first as a tax-free return of capital to each U.S. shareholder. Thus, these distributions will reduce the adjusted basis which the U.S. shareholder has in its shares for tax purposes by the amount of the distribution, but not below zero. Distributions in excess of a U.S. shareholder s adjusted basis in its shares will be taxable as capital gain, provided that the shares have been held as a capital asset. For purposes of determining the portion of distributions on separate classes of shares that will be treated as dividends for federal income tax purposes, current and accumulated earnings and profits will be allocated first to distributions attributable to the priority rights of preferred shares before being allocated to other distributions. Dividends authorized by us in October, November or December of any year and payable to a shareholder of record on a specified date in any of those months will be treated as both paid by us and received by the shareholder on December 31 of that year, provided that we actually pay the dividend on or before January 31 of the following calendar year but only to the extent of earnings and profits in that year. Shareholders may not include in their own income tax returns any of our net operating losses or capital losses. We may make distributions to our shareholders that are paid in shares. These distributions would be intended to be treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes and a U.S. shareholder would, therefore, generally have taxable income with respect to such distributions of shares and may have a tax liability on account of such distribution in excess of the cash (if any) that is received. U.S. shareholders holding shares at the close of our taxable year will be required to include, in computing their long-term capital gains for the taxable year in which the last day of our taxable year falls, the amount of our undistributed net capital gain that we designate in a written notice distributed to our shareholders. We may not designate amounts in excess of our undistributed net capital gain for the taxable year. Each U.S. shareholder required to include the designated amount in determining the shareholder s long-term capital gains will be deemed to have paid, in the taxable year of the inclusion, the tax paid by us in respect of the undistributed net capital gains. U.S. shareholders to whom these rules apply will be allowed a credit or a refund, as the case may be, for the tax they are deemed to have paid. U.S. shareholders will increase their basis in their shares by the difference between the amount of the includible gains and the tax deemed paid by the shareholder in respect of these gains. Distributions made by us and gain arising from a U.S. shareholder s sale or exchange of shares will not be treated as passive activity income. As a result, U.S. shareholders generally will not be able to apply any passive losses against that income or gain. Distributions to Holders of Depositary Shares. Owners of depositary shares will be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as if they were owners of the underlying preferred shares represented by such depositary shares. Accordingly, such owners will be entitled to take into account, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, income and deductions to which they would be entitled if they were direct holders of underlying preferred shares. In addition, (i) no gain or loss will be recognized for U.S. federal income tax purposes upon the withdrawal of certificates evidencing the underlying preferred 
 126 

Table of Contents 
 shares in exchange for depositary receipts, (ii) the tax basis of each share of the underlying preferred shares to an exchanging owner of depositary shares will, upon such exchange, be the same as the aggregate tax basis of the depositary shares exchanged therefor, and (iii) the holding period for the underlying preferred shares in the hands of an exchanging owner of depositary shares will include the period during which such person owned such depositary shares. Sale or Exchange of Shares When a U.S. shareholder sells or otherwise disposes of shares, the shareholder will recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes in an amount equal to the difference between (a) the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property received on the sale or other disposition, and (b) the holder s adjusted basis in the shares for tax purposes. This gain or loss will be capital gain or loss if the U.S. shareholder has held the shares as a capital asset. The gain or loss will be long-term gain or loss if the U.S. shareholder has held the shares for more than one year. Long-term capital gain of an individual U.S. shareholder is generally taxed at preferential rates. In general, any loss recognized by a U.S. shareholder when the shareholder sells or otherwise disposes of our shares that the shareholder has held for nine months or less, after applying certain holding period rules, will be treated as a long-term capital loss, to the extent of distributions received by the shareholder from us which were required to be treated as long-term capital gains. The IRS has the authority to prescribe, but has not yet prescribed, Treasury Regulations that would apply a capital gain tax rate of 25 (which is higher than the long-term capital gain tax rate for noncorporate U.S. shareholders) to all or a portion of capital gain realized by a noncorporate U.S. shareholder on the sale of shares of our shares that would correspond to the U.S. shareholder s share of our unrecaptured Section 1250 gain. U.S. shareholders should consult with their tax advisors with respect to their capital gain tax liability. Redemption of Preferred Shares and Depositary Shares. We do not currently have any preferred shares outstanding, but if we were to issue preferred shares in the future, the following would apply to a redemption of those preferred shares. Whenever we redeem any preferred shares held by the depositary, the depositary will redeem as of the same redemption date the number of depositary shares representing the preferred shares so redeemed. The treatment accorded to any redemption by us for cash (as distinguished from a sale, exchange or other disposition) of our preferred shares to a holder of such preferred shares can only be determined on the basis of the particular facts as to each holder at the time of redemption. In general, a holder of our preferred shares will recognize capital gain or loss measured by the difference between the amount received by the holder of such shares upon the redemption and such holder s adjusted tax basis in the preferred shares redeemed (provided the preferred shares are held as a capital asset) if such redemption (i) is not essentially equivalent to a dividend with respect to the holder of the preferred shares under Section 302(b)(1) of the Code, (ii) is a substantially disproportionate redemption with respect to the shareholder under Section 302(b)(2) of the Code, or (iii) results in a complete termination of the holder s interest in all classes of our shares under Section 302(b)(3) of the Code. In applying these tests, there must be taken into account not only any series or class of the preferred shares being redeemed, but also such holder s ownership of other classes of our shares and any options (including stock purchase rights) to acquire any of the foregoing. The holder of our preferred shares also must take into account any such securities (including options) which are considered to be owned by such holder by reason of the constructive ownership rules set forth in Sections 318 and 302(c) of the Code. If the holder of preferred shares owns (actually or constructively) none of our voting shares, or owns an insubstantial amount of our voting shares, based upon current law, it is probable that the redemption of preferred shares from such a holder would be considered to be not essentially equivalent to a dividend. However, whether a distribution is not essentially equivalent to a dividend depends on all of the facts and circumstances, and a holder of our preferred shares intending to rely on any of these tests at the time of redemption should consult its tax advisor to determine their application to its particular situation. Satisfaction of the substantially disproportionate and complete termination exceptions is dependent upon compliance with the respective objective tests set forth in Section 302(b)(2) and Section 302(b)(3) of the Code. A distribution to a holder of preferred shares will be substantially disproportionate if the percentage of our outstanding voting shares 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 actually and constructively owned by the shareholder immediately following the redemption of preferred shares (treating preferred shares redeemed as not outstanding) is less than 80 of the percentage of our outstanding voting shares actually and constructively owned by the shareholder immediately before the redemption, and immediately following the redemption the shareholder actually and constructively owns less than 50 of the total combined voting power of the Company. Because the Company s preferred shares are nonvoting shares, a shareholder would have to reduce such holder s holdings (if any) in our classes of voting shares to satisfy this test. If the redemption does not meet any of the tests under Section 302 of the Code, then the redemption proceeds received from our preferred shares will be treated as a distribution on our shares as described under -Taxation of U.S. Shareholders-Taxation of Taxable U.S. Shareholders-Taxation of Dividends., and -Taxation of Non-U.S. Shareholders. If the redemption of a holder s preferred shares is taxed as a dividend, the adjusted basis of such holder s redeemed preferred shares will be transferred to any other shares held by the holder. If the holder owns no other shares, under certain circumstances, such basis may be transferred to a related person, or it may be lost entirely. Backup Withholding and Information Reporting In general, information reporting requirements will apply to payments of dividends on and payments of the proceeds of the sale of our shares held by U.S. shareholders, unless an exception applies. The applicable withholding agent is required to withhold tax on such payments if (i) the payee fails to furnish a TIN to the payor or to establish an exemption from backup withholding, or (ii) the IRS notifies the payor that the TIN furnished by the payee is incorrect. In addition, the applicable withholding agent with respect to the dividends on our shares is required to withhold tax if (i) there has been a notified payee under-reporting with respect to interest, dividends or original issue discount described in Section 3406(c) of the Code, or (ii) there has been a failure of the payee to certify under the penalty of perjury that the payee is not subject to backup withholding under the Code. A U.S. shareholder that does not provide the applicable withholding agent with a correct TIN may also be subject to penalties imposed by the IRS. In addition, we may be required to withhold a portion of capital gain distributions to any U.S. shareholders who fail to certify their U.S. status to us. Some U.S. shareholders, including corporations, may be exempt from backup withholding. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules from a payment to a U.S. shareholder will be allowed as a credit against the U.S. shareholder s U.S. federal income tax and may entitle the shareholder to a refund, provided that the required information is furnished to the IRS. The applicable withholding agent will be required to furnish annually to the IRS and to U.S. shareholders of our shares information relating to the amount of dividends paid on our shares, and that information reporting may also apply to payments of proceeds from the sale of our shares. Some U.S. shareholders, including corporations, financial institutions and certain tax-exempt organizations, are generally not subject to information reporting. Net Investment Income Tax A U.S. shareholder that is an individual or estate, or a trust that does not fall into a special class of trusts that is exempt from such tax, is subject to a 3.8 tax on the lesser of (1) the U.S. shareholder s net investment income (or undistributed net investment income in the case of an estate or trust) for the relevant taxable year and (2) the excess of the U.S. shareholder s modified adjusted gross income for the taxable year over a certain threshold (which in the case of individuals is between 125,000 and 250,000, depending on the individual s circumstances). A holder s net investment income generally includes its dividend income and its net gains from the disposition of REIT shares, unless such dividends or net gains are derived in the ordinary course of the conduct of a trade or business (other than a trade or business that consists of certain passive or trading activities). The temporary 20 deduction allowed by Section 199A of the Code with respect to ordinary REIT dividends received by noncorporate taxpayers is allowed only for purposes of Chapter 1 of the Code and, thus, apparently is not allowed as a deduction allocable to such dividends for purposes of determining the amount of net investment income subject to the 3.8 Medicare tax, which is imposed under Chapter 2A of the Code. If you are a U.S. shareholder that is an individual, estate or trust, you are urged to consult your tax advisors regarding the applicability of the Medicare tax to your income and gains in respect of your investment in our shares. 
 128 

Table of Contents 
 Taxation of Tax-Exempt Shareholders The IRS has ruled that amounts distributed as dividends by a REIT generally do not constitute unrelated business taxable income when received by a tax-exempt entity. Based on that ruling, provided that a tax-exempt shareholder is not one of the types of entity described below and has not held its shares as debt financed property within the meaning of the Code, the dividend income from shares will not be unrelated business taxable income to a tax-exempt shareholder. Similarly, income from the sale of shares will not constitute unrelated business taxable income unless the tax-exempt shareholder has held the shares as debt financed property within the meaning of the Code or has used the shares in a trade or business. Notwithstanding the above paragraph, tax-exempt shareholders will be required to treat as unrelated business taxable income any dividends paid by us that are allocable to our excess inclusion income, if any. Income from an investment in our shares will constitute unrelated business taxable income for tax-exempt shareholders that are social clubs, voluntary employee benefit associations, supplemental unemployment benefit trusts, and qualified group legal services plans exempt from U.S. federal income taxation under the applicable subsections of Section 501(c) of the Code, unless the organization is able to properly deduct amounts set aside or placed in reserve for certain purposes so as to offset the income generated by its shares. Prospective investors of the types described in the preceding sentence should consult their tax advisors concerning these set aside and reserve requirements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, a portion of the dividends paid by a pension-held REIT will be treated as unrelated business taxable income to any trust which: is described in Section 401(a) of the Code; is tax-exempt under Section 501(a) of the Code; and holds more than 10 (by value) of the equity interests in the REIT. 
 Tax-exempt pension, profit-sharing and stock bonus funds that are described in Section 401(a) of the Code are referred to below as qualified trusts. A REIT is a pension-held REIT if: it would not have qualified as a REIT but for the fact that Section 856(h)(3) of the Code provides that stock owned by qualified trusts will be treated, for purposes of the not closely held requirement, as owned by the beneficiaries of the trust (rather than by the trust itself); and either (a) at least one qualified trust holds more than 25 by value of the interests in the REIT or (b) one or more qualified trusts, each of which owns more than 10 by value of the interests in the REIT, hold in the aggregate more than 50 by value of the interests in the REIT. 
 The percentage of any REIT dividend treated as unrelated business taxable income to a qualifying trust is equal to the ratio of (a) the gross income of the REIT from unrelated trades or businesses, determined as though the REIT were a qualified trust, less direct expenses related to this gross income, to (b) the total gross income of the REIT, less direct expenses related to the total gross income. A de minimis exception applies where this percentage is less than 5 for any year. We are not and do not expect to be classified as a pension-held REIT. The rules described above under the heading U.S. Shareholders concerning the inclusion of our designated undistributed net capital gains in the income of its shareholders will apply to tax-exempt entities. Thus, tax-exempt entities will be allowed a credit or refund of the tax deemed paid by these entities in respect of the includible gains. Taxation of Non-U.S. Shareholders The rules governing U.S. federal income taxation of nonresident alien individuals, foreign corporations, foreign partnerships and estates or trusts that in either case are not subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis who own shares, which we call non - U.S. shareholders, are complex. The following discussion is only a limited summary of 
 129 

Table of Contents 
 these rules. Prospective non - U.S. shareholders should consult with their tax advisors to determine the impact of U.S. federal, state and local income tax laws with regard to an investment in our shares, including any reporting requirements. Ordinary Dividends Distributions, other than distributions that are treated as attributable to gain from sales or exchanges by us of U.S. real property interests, as discussed below, and other than distributions designated by us as capital gain dividends, will be treated as ordinary income to the extent that they are made out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. A withholding tax equal to 30 of the gross amount of the distribution will ordinarily apply to distributions of this kind to non - U.S. shareholders, unless an applicable tax treaty reduces that tax. However, if income from the investment in the shares is (i) treated as effectively connected with the non - U.S. shareholder s conduct of a U.S. trade or business or is (ii) attributable to a permanent establishment that the non - U.S. shareholder maintains in the United States if that is required by an applicable income tax treaty as a condition for subjecting the non - U.S. shareholder to U.S. taxation on a net income basis, tax at graduated rates will generally apply to the non - U.S. shareholder in the same manner as U.S. shareholders are taxed with respect to dividends, and the 30 branch profits tax may also apply if the shareholder is a foreign corporation. We expect to withhold U.S. tax at the rate of 30 on the gross amount of any dividends, other than dividends treated as attributable to gain from sales or exchanges of U.S. real property interests and capital gain dividends, paid to a non - U.S. shareholder, unless (a) a lower treaty rate applies and the required form evidencing eligibility for that reduced rate is filed with us or the appropriate withholding agent or (b) the non - U.S. shareholder files an IRS Form W-8 ECI or a successor form with us or the appropriate withholding agent claiming that the distributions are effectively connected with the non - U.S. shareholder s conduct of a U.S. trade or business and in either case other applicable requirements were met. Distributions to a non - U.S. shareholder that are designated by us at the time of distribution as capital gain dividends that are not attributable to, or treated as not attributable to, the disposition by us of a U.S. real property interest generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxation, except as described below. If a non - U.S. shareholder receives an allocation of excess inclusion income with respect to a REMIC residual interest or an interest in a TMP owned by us, the non - U.S. shareholder will be subject to U.S. federal income tax withholding at the maximum rate of 30 with respect to such allocation, without reduction pursuant to any otherwise applicable income tax treaty. Return of Capital Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits that are not treated as attributable to the gain from our disposition of a U.S. real property interest, will not be taxable to a non - U.S. shareholder to the extent that they do not exceed the adjusted basis of the non - U.S. shareholder s shares. Distributions of this kind will instead reduce the adjusted basis of the shares. To the extent that distributions of this kind exceed the adjusted basis of a non - U.S. shareholder s shares, they will give rise to tax liability if the non - U.S. shareholder otherwise would have to pay tax on any gain from the sale or disposition of its shares, as described below. If it cannot be determined at the time a distribution is made whether the distribution will be in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits, withholding will apply to the distribution at the rate applicable to dividends. However, the non - U.S. shareholder may seek a refund of these amounts from the IRS if it is subsequently determined that the distribution was, in fact, in excess of our current accumulated earnings and profits. Also, we could potentially be required to withhold at least 15 of any distribution in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits, even if the non - U.S. shareholder is not liable for U.S. tax on the receipt of that distribution. However, a non - U.S. shareholder may seek a refund of these amounts from the IRS if the non - U.S. shareholder s tax liability with respect to the distribution is less than the amount withheld. Such withholding should generally not be required if a non - U.S. shareholder would not be taxed under the FIRPTA, upon a sale or exchange of shares. See the discussion below under -Sales of Shares. 
 130 

Table of Contents 
 Capital Gain Dividends Distributions that are attributable to gain from sales or exchanges by us of U.S. real property interests that are paid with respect to any class of stock that is regularly traded on an established securities market located in the United States and held by a non - U.S. shareholder who does not own more than 10 of such class of stock at any time during the one-year period ending on the date of distribution will be treated as a normal distribution by us, and such distributions will be taxed as described above in -Ordinary Dividends. Distributions that are not described in the preceding paragraph and are attributable to gain from sales or exchanges by us of U.S. real property interests will be taxed to a non - U.S. shareholder under the provisions of FIRPTA. Under this statute, these distributions are taxed to a non - U.S. shareholder as if the gain were effectively connected with a U.S. business. Thus, non - U.S. shareholders will be taxed on the distributions at the normal capital gain rates applicable to U.S. shareholders, subject to any applicable alternative minimum tax. We are required by applicable Treasury regulations under this statute to withhold 21 of any distribution that we could designate as a capital gain dividend. However, if we designate as a capital gain dividend a distribution made before the day we actually effect the designation, then, although the distribution may be taxable to a non - U.S. shareholder, withholding does not apply to the distribution under this statute. Rather, we must effectuate the 21 withholding from distributions made on and after the date of the designation, until the distributions so withheld equal the amount of the prior distribution designated as a capital gain dividend. The non - U.S. shareholder may credit the amount withheld against its U.S. tax liability. Share Distributions We may make distributions to our shareholders that are paid in shares. These distributions will be intended to be treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, accordingly, will be treated in a manner consistent with the discussion above in -Ordinary Dividends and Capital Gain Dividends. If we are required to withhold an amount in excess of any cash distributed along with the shares, we will retain and sell some of the shares that would otherwise be distributed in order to satisfy our withholding obligations. Sales of Shares Gain recognized by a non - U.S. shareholder upon a sale or exchange of our shares generally will not be taxed under FIRPTA if we are a domestically controlled REIT, defined generally as a REIT less than 50 in value of whose stock is and was held directly or indirectly by foreign persons at all times during a specified testing period (for this purpose, if any class of a REIT s stock is regularly traded on an established securities market in the United States, a person holding less than 5 of such class during the testing period is presumed not to be a foreign person, unless we have actual knowledge otherwise). We believe that we are a domestically controlled REIT, but because our common shares are publicly traded, there can be no assurance that we in fact will qualify as a domestically-controlled REIT. Assuming that we continue to be a domestically controlled REIT, taxation under FIRPTA generally will not apply to the sale of shares. However, gain to which the FIRPTA rules do not apply still will be taxable to a non - U.S. shareholder if investment in the shares is treated as effectively connected with the non - U.S. shareholder s U.S. trade or business or is attributable to a permanent establishment that the non - U.S. shareholder maintains in the United States if that is required by an applicable income tax treaty as a condition for subjecting the non - U.S. shareholder to U.S. taxation on a net income basis. In this case, the same treatment will apply to the non - U.S. shareholder as to U.S. shareholders with respect to the gain. In addition, gain to which FIRPTA does not apply will be taxable to a non - U.S. shareholder if the non - U.S. shareholder is a nonresident alien individual who was present in the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year and has a tax home in the United States, or maintains an office or a fixed place of business in the United States to which the gain is attributable. In this case, a 30 tax will apply to the nonresident alien individual s capital gains. A similar rule will apply to capital gain dividends to which FIRPTA does not apply. If we do not qualify as a domestically controlled REIT, the tax consequences of a sale of shares by a non - U.S. shareholder will depend upon whether such shares are regularly traded on an established securities market and the amount of such shares that are held by the non - U.S. shareholder. Specifically, a non - U.S. shareholder that holds a class of shares that is traded on an established securities market will only be subject to FIRPTA in respect of a sale of such shares if the shareholder owned more than 10 of the shares of such class at any time during a specified period. A non - U.S. shareholder 
 131 

Table of Contents 
 that holds a class of our shares that is not traded on an established securities market will only be subject to FIRPTA in respect of a sale of such shares if, on the date the shares were acquired by the shareholder, the shares had a fair market value greater than the fair market value on that date of 5 of the regularly traded class of our outstanding shares with the lowest fair market value. If a non - U.S. shareholder holds a class of our shares that is not regularly traded on an established securities market, and subsequently acquires additional interests of the same class, then all such interests must be aggregated and valued as of the date of the subsequent acquisition for purposes of the 5 test that is described in the preceding sentence. If tax under FIRPTA applies to the gain on the sale of shares, the same treatment would apply to the non - U.S. shareholder as to U.S. shareholders with respect to the gain, subject to any applicable alternative minimum tax. For purposes of determining the amount of shares owned by a shareholder, complex constructive ownership rules apply. You should consult your tax advisors regarding such rules in order to determine your ownership in the relevant period. Qualified Shareholders and Qualified Foreign Pension Funds Stock of a REIT will not be treated as a U.S. real property interest subject to FIRPTA if the stock is held directly (or indirectly through one or more partnerships) by a qualified shareholder or qualified foreign pension fund. Similarly, any distribution made to a qualified shareholder or qualified foreign pension fund with respect to REIT stock will not be treated as gain from the sale or exchange of a U.S. real property interest to the extent the stock of the REIT held by such qualified shareholder or qualified foreign pension fund is not treated as a U.S. real property interest. A qualified shareholder generally means a foreign person which (i) (x) is eligible for certain income tax treaty benefits and the principal class of interests of which is listed and regularly traded on at least one recognized stock exchange or (y) a foreign limited partnership that has an agreement with the United States for the exchange of information with respect to taxes, has a class of limited partnership units that is regularly traded on the NYSE or the Nasdaq Stock Market, and such units value is greater than 50 of the value of all the partnership s units; (ii) is a qualified collective investment vehicle; and (iii) maintains certain records with respect to certain of its owners. A qualified collective investment vehicle is a foreign person which (i) is entitled, under a comprehensive income tax treaty, to certain reduced withholding rates with respect to ordinary dividends paid by a REIT even if such person holds more than 10 of the stock of the REIT; (ii) (x) is a publicly traded partnership that is not treated as a corporation, (y) is a withholding foreign partnership for purposes of chapters 3, 4 and 61 of the Code, and (z) if the foreign partnership were a United States corporation, it would be a United States real property holding corporation, at any time during the five-year period ending on the date of disposition of, or distribution with respect to, such partnership s interest in a REIT; or (iii) is designated as a qualified collective investment vehicle by the Secretary of the Treasury and is either fiscally transparent within the meaning of Section 894 of the Code or is required to include dividends in its gross income, but is entitled to a deduction for distribution to a person holding interests (other than interests solely as a creditor) in such foreign person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a foreign investor in a qualified shareholder directly or indirectly, whether or not by reason of such investor s ownership interest in the qualified shareholder, holds more than 10 of the stock of the REIT, then a portion of the REIT stock held by the qualified shareholder (based on the foreign investor s percentage ownership of the qualified shareholder) will be treated as a U.S. real property interest in the hands of the qualified shareholder and will be subject to FIRPTA. A qualified foreign pension fund is any trust, corporation, or other organization or arrangement (A) which is created or organized under the law of a country other than the United States, (B) which is established (i) by such country (or one or more political subdivisions thereof) to provide retirement or pension benefits to participants or beneficiaries that are current or former employees (including self-employed individuals) or persons designated by such employees, as a result of services rendered by such employees to their employers or (ii) by one or more employers to provide retirement or pension benefits to participants or beneficiaries that are current or former employees (including self-employed individuals) or persons designated by such employees in consideration for services rendered by such employees to such employers, (C) which does not have a single participant or beneficiary with a right to more than 5 of its assets or income, (D) which is subject to government regulation and with respect to which annual information about its beneficiaries is provided, or is otherwise available, to the relevant tax authorities in the country in which it is established or operates, and (E) with respect to which, under the laws of the country in which it is established or operates, (i) contributions to such organization or arrangement that would otherwise be subject to tax under such laws are deductible or excluded from the gross income of such entity or 
 132 

Table of Contents 
 arrangement or taxed at a reduced rate, or (ii) taxation of any investment income of such organization or arrangement is deferred or such income is excluded from the gross income of such entity or arrangement or is taxed at a reduced rate. Federal Estate Taxes Shares held by a non - U.S. shareholder at the time of death will be included in the shareholder s gross estate for U.S. federal estate tax purposes, unless an applicable estate tax treaty provides otherwise. Backup Withholding and Information Reporting Generally, information reporting will apply to payments of interest and dividends on our shares, and backup withholding described above for a U.S. shareholder will apply, unless the payee certifies that it is not a U.S. person or otherwise establishes an exemption. The payment of the proceeds from the disposition of our shares to or through the U.S. office of a U.S. or foreign broker will be subject to information reporting and backup withholding as described above for U.S. shareholders unless the non-U.S. shareholder satisfies the requirements necessary to be an exempt non-U.S. shareholder or otherwise qualifies for an exemption. The proceeds of a disposition by a non-U.S. shareholder of our shares to or through a foreign office of a broker generally will not be subject to information reporting or backup withholding. However, if the broker is a U.S. person, a controlled foreign corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a foreign person 50 or more of whose gross income from all sources for specified periods is from activities that are effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business, a foreign partnership if partners who hold more than 50 of the interest in the partnership are U.S. persons, or a foreign partnership that is engaged in the conduct of a trade or business in the U.S., then information reporting generally will apply as though the payment was made through a U.S. office of a U.S. or foreign broker. Taxation of Holders of Our Warrants and Rights We do not currently have any warrants or rights outstanding, but if we were in the future, the follow treatment would apply to the holders of those warrants or rights. Warrants. Holders of our warrants will not generally recognize gain or loss upon the exercise of a warrant. A holder s basis in the common shares, preferred shares, or depositary shares representing preferred shares, as the case may be, received upon the exercise of the warrant will be equal to the sum of the holder s adjusted tax basis in the warrant and the exercise price paid. A holder s holding period in the common shares, preferred shares, or depositary shares representing preferred shares, as the case may be, received upon the exercise of the warrant will not include the period during which the warrant was held by the holder. Upon the expiration of a warrant, the holder will recognize a capital loss in an amount equal to the holder s adjusted tax basis in the warrant. Upon the sale or exchange of a warrant to a person other than us, a holder will recognize gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized on the sale or exchange and the holder s adjusted tax basis in the warrant. Such gain or loss will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the warrant was held for more than one year. Upon the sale of the warrant to us, the IRS may argue that the holder should recognize ordinary income on the sale. Prospective holders of our warrants should consult their own tax advisors as to the consequences of a sale of a warrant to us. Rights. In the event of a rights offering, the tax consequences of the receipt, expiration, and exercise of the rights we issue will be addressed in detail in a prospectus supplement. Prospective holders of our rights should review the applicable prospectus supplement in connection with the ownership of any rights, and consult their own tax advisors as to the consequences of investing in the rights. Dividend Reinvestment and Share Purchase Plan General We offer shareholders and prospective shareholders the opportunity to participate in our Dividend Reinvestment and Share Purchase Plan, which is referred to herein as the DRIP. 
 133 

Table of Contents 
 Although we do not currently offer any discount in connection with the DRIP, nor do we plan to offer such a discount at present, we reserve the right to offer in the future a discount on shares purchased, not to exceed 5 , with reinvested dividends or cash distributions and shares purchased through the optional cash investment feature. This discussion assumes that we do not offer a discount in connection with the DRIP. If we were to offer a discount in connection with the DRIP the tax considerations described below would materially differ. In the event that we offer a discount in connection with the DRIP, shareholders are urged to consult with their tax advisors regarding the tax treatment to them of receiving a discount. Amounts Treated as a Distribution Generally, a DRIP participant will be treated as having received a distribution with respect to our shares for U.S. federal income tax purposes in an amount determined as described below. A shareholder who participates in the dividend reinvestment feature of the DRIP and whose dividends are reinvested in our shares purchased from us will generally be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as having received the gross amount of any cash distributions which would have been paid by us to such a shareholder had they not elected to participate. The amount of the distribution deemed received will be reported on the Form 1099-DIV received by the shareholder. A shareholder who participates in the dividend reinvestment feature of the DRIP and whose dividends are reinvested in our shares purchased in the open market, will generally be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as having received (and will receive a Form 1099-DIV reporting) the gross amount of any cash distributions which would have been paid by us to such a shareholder had they not elected to participate (plus any brokerage fees and any other expenses deducted from the amount of the distribution reinvested) on the date the dividends are reinvested. 
 We will pay the annual maintenance cost for each shareholder s DRIP account. Consistent with the conclusion reached by the IRS in a private letter ruling issued to another REIT, we intend to take the position that the administrative costs do not constitute a distribution which is either taxable to a shareholder or which would reduce the shareholder s basis in their common shares. However, because the private letter ruling was not issued to us, we have no legal right to rely on its conclusions. Thus, it is possible that the IRS might view the shareholder s share of the administrative costs as constituting a taxable distribution to them and/or a distribution which reduces the basis in their shares. For this and other reasons, we may in the future take a different position with respect to these costs. In the situations described above, a shareholder will be treated as receiving a distribution from us even though no cash distribution is actually received. These distributions will be taxable in the same manner as all other distributions paid by us, as described above under -Taxation of U.S. Shareholders-Taxation of Taxable U.S. Shareholders, -Taxation of U.S. Shareholders -Taxation of Tax-Exempt Shareholders, or -Taxation of Non-U.S. Shareholders, as applicable. Basis and Holding Period in Shares Acquired Pursuant to the DRIP. The tax basis for our shares acquired by reinvesting cash distributions through the DRIP generally will equal the fair market value of our shares on the date of distribution (plus the amount of any brokerage fees paid by the shareholder). The holding period for our shares acquired by reinvesting cash distributions will begin on the day following the date of distribution. The tax basis in our shares acquired through an optional cash investment generally will equal the cost paid by the participant in acquiring our shares, including any brokerage fees paid by the shareholder. The holding period for our shares purchased through the optional cash investment feature of the DRIP generally will begin on the day our shares are purchased for the participant s account. Withdrawal of Shares from the DRIP. When a participant withdraws stock from the DRIP and receives whole shares, the participant will not realize any taxable income. However, if the participant receives cash for a fractional share, the participant will be required to recognize gain or loss with respect to that fractional share. 
 134 

Table of Contents 
 Effect of Withholding Requirements. Withholding requirements generally applicable to distributions from us will apply to all amounts treated as distributions pursuant to the DRIP. See -Backup Withholding and Information Reporting for discussion of the withholding requirements that apply to other distributions that we pay. All withholding amounts will be withheld from distributions before the distributions are reinvested under the DRIP. Therefore, if a U.S. shareholder is subject to withholding, distributions which would otherwise be available for reinvestment under the DRIP will be reduced by the withholding amount. Withholdable Payments to Foreign Financial Entities and Other Foreign Entities Pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, commonly known as FATCA, a 30 FATCA withholding may be imposed on U.S.-source dividends paid to you or to certain foreign financial institutions, investment funds and other non-U.S. persons receiving payments on your behalf if you or such persons fail to comply with information reporting requirements. Payments of dividends that you receive in respect of our shares could be affected by this withholding if you are subject to the FATCA information reporting requirements and fail to comply with them or if you hold shares through a non-U.S. person e.g ., a foreign bank or broker) that fails to comply with these requirements (even if payments to you would not otherwise have been subject to FATCA withholding). An intergovernmental agreement between the United States and an applicable non-U.S. government may modify these rules. You should consult your tax advisors regarding the relevant U.S. law and other official guidance on FATCA withholding. Other Tax Consequences State and Local Taxes State or local taxation may apply to us and our shareholders in various state or local jurisdictions, including those in which we or they transact business or reside. The state and local tax treatment of us and our shareholders may not conform to the U.S. federal income tax consequences discussed above. Consequently, prospective shareholders should consult their tax advisors regarding the effect of state and local tax laws on an investment in us. Legislative or Other Actions Affecting REITs The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department. We cannot assure you that a change in law, including the possibility of major tax legislation, possibly with retroactive application, will not significantly alter the tax considerations (including applicable tax rates) on REITs or their shareholders that we describe herein, which could adversely affect an investment in our shares. Taxpayers should consult with their tax advisors regarding the effect of any future legislation, on their particular circumstances. Tax Consequences of Exercising the OP Unit Redemption Right If you are a holder of OP Units, other than a holder to which special provisions of the U.S. federal income tax laws apply, as enumerated above, and you exercise your redemption right under the JBG SMITH LP partnership agreement, we may elect to exercise our right to acquire some or all of such OP Units in exchange for cash or our common shares (rather than having JBG SMITH LP satisfy your redemption right. However, we are under no obligation to exercise this right. If we do elect to acquire your OP Units in exchange for cash or our common shares, the transaction will be treated as a fully taxable sale of your OP Units to us. Your amount realized, taxable gain and the tax consequences of that gain are described under - Disposition of OP Units below. If we do not elect to acquire some or all of your OP Units in exchange for our common shares, JBG SMITH LP is required to redeem those OP Units for cash. Your amount realized, taxable gain and the tax consequences of that gain are described under - Redemption of OP Units below. In addition, you will need to take into account the state and local tax consequences that would apply to you on exercise of your redemption right. 
 135 

Table of Contents 
 Redemption of OP Units If JBG SMITH LP redeems OP Units for cash contributed by us in order to effect the redemption, the redemption likely will be treated as a sale of the OP Units to us in a fully taxable transaction, with your taxable gain and the tax consequences of that gain determined as described under - Disposition of OP Units below. If your OP Units are redeemed for cash that is not contributed by us to effect the redemption, your tax treatment will depend upon whether or not the redemption results in a disposition of all of your OP Units. If all of your OP Units are redeemed, your taxable gain and the tax consequences of that gain will be determined as described under - Disposition of OP Units below. However, if less than all of your OP Units are redeemed, you will recognize taxable gain only if and to the extent that your amount realized, calculated as described below, on the redemption exceeds your adjusted tax basis in all of your OP Units immediately before the redemption (rather than just your adjusted tax basis in the OP Units redeemed), and you will not be allowed to recognize loss on the redemption. Disposition of OP Units If you sell, exchange or otherwise dispose of OP Units (including through the exercise of the OP Unit redemption right where the disposition is treated as a sale, as discussed above in -Redemption of OP Units ), gain or loss from the disposition will be based on the difference between the amount realized on the disposition and the adjusted tax basis of the OP Units. The amount realized on the disposition of OP Units generally will equal the sum of: any cash received, the fair market value of any other property received (including the fair market value of any of our common shares received pursuant to the redemption) received, and the amount of liabilities of JBGS SMITH LP allocated to the OP Units. You will recognize gain on the disposition of OP Units to the extent that this amount realized exceeds your adjusted tax basis in the OP Units. Because the amount realized includes any amount attributable to the relief from liabilities of JBG SMITH LP attributable to the OP Units, you could have taxable income, or perhaps even a tax liability, in excess of the amount of cash and value of the property received upon the disposition of the OP Units. Generally, gain recognized on the disposition of OP Units will be capital gain. However, any portion of your amount realized that is attributable to unrealized receivables of JBG SMITH LP (as defined in Section 751 of the Code) will give rise to ordinary income. The amount of ordinary income recognized would be equal to the amount by which your share of unrealized receivables of JBG SMITH LP exceeds the portion of your adjusted tax basis that is attributable to those assets. Unrealized receivables include, to the extent not previously included in JBG SMITH LP s income, your allocable share of any rights held by JBG SMITH LP to payment for services rendered or to be rendered. Unrealized receivables also include amounts that would be subject to recapture as ordinary income if JBG SMITH LP were to sell its assets at their fair market value at the time of the sale of OP Units. In addition, a portion of the capital gain recognized on a sale or other disposition of OP Units may be subject to tax at a maximum rate of 25 to the extent attributable to accumulated depreciation on our section 1250 property, or depreciable real property. If you are considering disposing of your OP Units (including through exercise of your redemption right), you should consult with your personal tax advisor regarding the tax consequences to you of the disposition in light of your particular circumstances, particularly if any of your OP Units were converted from LTIP Units. If you are a holder of OP Units and you exercise your redemption right under the JBG SMITH LP partnership agreement, you will be required to reimburse the JBG SMITH LP for certain quarterly nonresident partner state income tax payments made on your behalf. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not Applicable. 
 136 

Table of Contents 
 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information regarding trustees is incorporated herein by reference from the section entitled Proposal One: Election of Trustees Nominees for Election as Trustees in our definitive Proxy Statement (the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 4, 2023. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information included under the following captions in our 2022 Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 4, 2023 is incorporated herein by reference: Proposal One: Election of Trustees Nominees for Election as Trustees, Executive Officers, Corporate Governance and Board Matters Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Corporate Governance and Board Matters Committees of the Board Audit Committee. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated herein by reference from the section entitled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Compensation of Executive Officers Equity Compensation Plan Information in our 2023 Proxy Statement. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information regarding transactions with related persons and trustee independence is incorporated herein by reference from the sections entitled Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Corporate Governance and Board Matters Corporate Governance Profile in our 2023 Proxy Statement. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The information regarding principal auditor fees and services and the audit committee s pre-approval policies are incorporated herein by reference from the sections entitled Proposal Three: Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Principal Accountant Fees and Services and Proposal Three: Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 137 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) The following consolidated information is included in this Form 10-K: 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements These consolidated financial statements are set forth in Item 8 of this report and are hereby incorporated by reference. (2) Financial Statement Schedules 9 Page Schedule III - Real Estate Investments and Accumulated Depreciation 139 Schedules other than the one listed above are omitted because they are not applicable or the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 138 

Table of Contents 
 2121 Crystal Drive 2345 Crystal Drive 2231 Crystal Drive 1550 Crystal Drive 2011 Crystal Drive 2451 Crystal Drive 1235 S. Clark Street 241 18th Street S. 251 18th Street S. 1215 S. Clark Street 201 12th Street S. 800 North Glebe Road 2200 Crystal Drive 1225 S. Clark Street 1901 South Bell Street Crystal City Marriott 2100 Crystal Drive 1800 South Bell Street 200 12th Street S. Crystal City Shops at 2100 Crystal Drive Retail ) One Democracy Plaza ) 4747 Bethesda Avenue 1770 Crystal Drive Multifamily Operating Assets Fort Totten Square WestEnd25 F1RST Residences 1221 Van Street North End Retail ) RiverHouse Apartments The Bartlett 220 20th Street Falkland Chase - South West Falkland Chase - North ) West Half The Wren 900 W Street 901 W Street The Batley 2221 S. Clark-Residential 8001 Woodmont Ave Atlantic Plumbing 
 139 

Table of Contents 
 ) 1831/1861 Wiehle Avenue Under-Construction Assets 1900 Crystal Drive 2000/2001 South Bell Street Development Pipeline Corporate Corporate 

 Note: Depreciation of the buildings and improvements is calculated over lives ranging from the life of the lease to . The net basis of our assets and liabilities for tax reporting purposes is approximately million higher than the amounts reported in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. (1) Represents the contractual debt obligations. (2) Includes asset impairments recognized, amounts written off in connection with redevelopment activities and partial sale of assets. (3) Land associated with buildings under construction is included in construction in progress which is reflected in the Building and Improvements column. (4) Date of original construction, many assets have had substantial renovation or additional construction. See Costs Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition column. The following is a reconciliation of real estate and accumulated depreciation: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Real Estate: (2) Balance at beginning of the year Acquisitions Additions Assets sold or written off ) ) ) Real estate impaired (1) ) ) Balance at end of the year Accumulated Depreciation: Balance at beginning of the year Depreciation expense Accumulated depreciation on assets sold or written off ) ) ) Accumulated depreciation on real estate impaired (1) ) ) Balance at end of the year 

 (1) In connection with the preparation and review of our 2021 annual consolidated financial statements, we determined that 7200 Wisconsin Avenue, RTC-West and a development asset were impaired due to shortened expected holding periods, based on contracts under negotiation as of December 31, 2021, and recorded impairment losses totaling million. In connection with the preparation and review of our 2020 annual consolidated financial statements, we determined that One Democracy Plaza, a commercial asset, was impaired due to a decline in the fair value of the asset and recorded an impairment loss of million, of which million related to real estate. The remaining million of the impairment loss was attributable to the right-of-use asset associated with the property s ground lease. (2) Includes assets held for sale. 
 140 

Table of Contents 
 (3) Exhibit Index Exhibits Description 2.1 Master Transaction Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2016, by and among Vornado Realty Trust, Vornado Realty L.P., JBG Properties, Inc., JBG/Operating Partners, L.P., certain affiliates of JBG Properties Inc. and JBG/Operating Partners set forth on Schedule A thereto, JBG SMITH Properties and JBG SMITH Properties LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on June 12, 2017). 2.2 Amendment to Master Transaction Agreement, dated as of July 17, 2017, by and among Vornado Realty Trust, Vornado Realty L.P., JBG Properties, Inc., JBG/Operating Partners, L.P., certain affiliates of JBG Properties Inc. and JBG/Operating Partners set forth on Schedule A thereto, JBG SMITH Properties and JBG SMITH Properties LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 21, 2017). 2.3 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of July 17, 2017, by and among Vornado Realty Trust, Vornado Realty L.P., JBG SMITH Properties and JBG SMITH Properties LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 21, 2017). 3.1 Declaration of Trust of JBG SMITH Properties, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 21, 2017). 3.2 Articles Supplementary to Declaration of Trust of JBG SMITH Properties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 6, 2018). 3.3 Articles of Amendment to Declaration of Trust of JBG SMITH Properties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our current report on Form 8-K, filed on May 3, 2018). 3.4 Amended and Restated Bylaws of JBG SMITH Properties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 21, 2020). 4.1 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 23, 2021). 10.1 Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of JBG SMITH Properties LP, dated as of December 17, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 17, 2020). 10.2 Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of JBG SMITH Properties LP, dated as of April 29, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed on June 30, 2021). 10.3 Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of July 17, 2017, by and between Vornado Realty Trust and JBG SMITH Properties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 21, 2017). 10.4 Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of July 17, 2017, by and between Vornado Realty Trust, Vornado Realty L.P., JBG SMITH Properties and JBG SMITH Properties LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 21, 2017). 
 141 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibits Description 10.5 Transition Services Agreement, dated as of July 17, 2017, by and between Vornado Realty Trust and JBG SMITH Properties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 21, 2017). 10.6 Credit Agreement, dated as of July 18, 2017, by and among JBG SMITH Properties LP, as Borrower, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 21, 2017). 10.7 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 8, 2019, by and between JBG SMITH Properties LP, as Borrower, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 6, 2019). 10.8 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2020, by and among JBG SMITH Properties LP, as Borrower, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 7, 2020). 10.9 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2022, by and among JBG SMITH Properties LP, as Borrower, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 14, 2022). 10.10 Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2022, by and among JBG SMITH Properties LP, as Borrower, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 2, 2022) . 10.11 Credit Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2022 by and among JBG SMITH Properties LP, as Borrower, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 14, 2022) . 10.12 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2022, by and among JBG SMITH Properties LP, as Borrower, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 2, 2022) . 10.13 Credit Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2022, by and among JBG SMITH Properties LP, as Borrower, the financial institutions party thereto as lenders, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 2, 2022) . 10.14 Form of JBG SMITH Properties Unit Issuance Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 21, 2017). 10.15 JBG SMITH Properties Non-Employee Trustee Unit Issuance Agreement, dated July 18, 2017, by and among, JBG SMITH Properties, JBG SMITH Properties LP, Michael J. Glosserman and Glosserman Family JBG Operating, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 21, 2017). 
 142 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibits Description 10.16 Separation Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2020, by and between JBG SMITH Properties and Robert A. Stewart (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 3, 2020). 10.17 Form of Indemnification Agreement between JBG SMITH Properties and each of its trustees and executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 21, 2017). 10.18 JBG SMITH Properties 2017 Employee Share Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 21, 2017). 10.19 Amendment No. 1 to the JBG SMITH Properties 2017 Employee Share Purchase Plan, effective January 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 12, 2018). 10.20 JBG SMITH Properties 2017 Omnibus Share Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 21, 2017). 10.21 Form of JBG SMITH Properties Formation Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to our Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on June 12, 2017). 10.22 Form of JBG SMITH Properties Formation Unit Agreement for Non-Employee Trustees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to our Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on June 12, 2017). 10.23 Form of JBG SMITH Properties Restricted LTIP Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to our Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on June 12, 2017). 10.24 Form of JBG SMITH Properties Performance LTIP Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to our Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on June 12, 2017). 10.25 Form of Second Amended and Restated 2017 JBG SMITH Properties Performance LTIP Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 4, 2020). 10.26 Form of 2018 Performance LTIP Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 12, 2018). 10.27 Form of July 2021 Performance LTIP Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 3, 2021). 10.28 Amended Form of July 2021 Performance LTIP Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 2, 2021). 10.29 Form of JBG SMITH Properties Non-Employee Trustee Restricted LTIP Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to our Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on June 21, 2017). 10.30 Form of JBG SMITH Properties Non-Employee Trustee Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to our Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on June 21, 2017). 10.31 Form of JBG SMITH Properties Non-Employee Trustee Unit Issuance Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to our Registration Statement on Form 10, filed on June 21, 2017). 
 143 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibits Description 10.32 Side Letter to Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2018, by and between Vornado Realty Trust and JBG SMITH Properties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 7, 2018). 10.33 Amendment No. 1 to the JBG SMITH Properties 2017 Omnibus Share Plan, effective February 18, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 5, 2020). 10.34 Amendment No. 2 to the JBG SMITH Properties 2017 Employee Share Purchase Plan, effective May 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 5, 2020). 10.35 Amendment No. 3 to the 2017 Employee Share Purchase Plan, effective July 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 3, 2020). 10.36 Form of 2020 JBG SMITH Properties Restricted LTIP Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 5, 2020). 10.37 Form of 2020 JBG SMITH Properties Performance LTIP Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 5, 2020). 10.38 Form of Amended and Restated 2018 Performance LTIP Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 5, 2020). 10.39 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2021, by and between JBG SMITH Properties and W. Matthew Kelly (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 23, 2021). 10.40 Retirement Agreement and Release, dated as of July 29, 2022, by and between JBG SMITH Properties and David P. Paul (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 2, 2022). 10.41 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2021, by and between JBG SMITH Properties and David P. Paul (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 23, 2021). 10.42 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2021, by and between JBG SMITH Properties and Kevin P. Reynolds (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 23, 2021). 10.43 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2021, by and between JBG SMITH Properties and Madhumita Moina Banerjee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 23, 2021). 10.44 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2021, by and between JBG SMITH Properties and Stephen W. Theriot (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 23, 2021). 10.45 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2021, by and between JBG SMITH Properties and Steven A. Museles (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 23, 2021). 
 144 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibits Description 10.46 Employment Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2021, by and between JBG SMITH Properties and George Xanders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 23, 2021). 10.47 Amendment No. 2 to the JBG SMITH Properties 2017 Omnibus Share Plan, effective December 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 23, 2021). 10.48 Amendment No. 3 to the JBG SMITH Properties 2017 Omnibus Share Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 30, 2021). 10.49 Form of JBG SMITH Properties Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement for Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 23, 2021). 10.50 Form of JBG SMITH Properties Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement for Consultants (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 23, 2021). 10.51 Form of July 2021 Restricted LTIP Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Current Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 3, 2021). 10.52 Form of July 2021 Restricted LTIP Unit Agreement (Special Termination Vesting Provisions) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Current Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 3, 2021). 10.53 Form of JBG SMITH Properties Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 23, 2021). 10.54 Form of 2021 JBG SMITH Properties Performance LTIP Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 23, 2021). 10.55 Form of AO LTIP Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on January 5, 2022). 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 18 U.S.C 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 . 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 145 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibits Description 101.LAB Inline XBRL Extension Labels Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Filed herewith. Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 
 146 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. JBG SMITH Properties Date: February 21, 2023 /s/ M. Moina Banerjee M. Moina Banerjee Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: NAME TITLE DATE /s/ Robert A. Stewart Chairman of the Board February 21, 2023 Robert Stewart /s/ W. Matthew Kelly Chief Executive Officer and Trustee February 21, 2023 W. Matthew Kelly (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ M. Moina Banerjee Chief Financial Officer February 21, 2023 M. Moina Banerjee (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Angela Valdes Chief Accounting Officer February 21, 2023 Angela Valdes (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Phyllis R. Caldwell Trustee February 21, 2023 Phyllis R. Caldwell /s/ Scott A. Estes Trustee February 21, 2023 Scott A. Estes /s/ Alan S. Forman Trustee February 21, 2023 Alan S. Forman /s/ Michael J. Glosserman Trustee February 21, 2023 Michael J. Glosserman /s/ Charles E. Haldeman, Jr. Trustee February 21, 2023 Charles E. Haldeman, Jr. /s/ Alisa M. Mall Trustee February 21, 2023 Alisa M. Mall /s/ Carol A. Melton Trustee February 21, 2023 Carol A. Melton /s/ William J. Mulrow Trustee February 21, 2023 William J. Mulrow /s/ D. Ellen Shuman Trustee February 21, 2023 D. Ellen Shuman 
 147 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 jbgs-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT JBG SMITH PROPERTIES as of December 31, 2022 Entity State of Organization 1 601 E. Glebe Road, L.L.C. Delaware 2 1101 Fern Street, L.L.C. Delaware 3 1200 Eads Street LLC Delaware 4 1200 Eads Street Sub LLC Delaware 5 1229-1231 25th Street LLC Delaware 6 1244 South Capitol Residential, L.L.C. Delaware 7 1250 FIRST STREET OFFICE, L.L.C. Delaware 8 1263 First Street, L.L.C. Delaware 9 1270 4th Street NE, L.L.C. Delaware 10 1400 Eads Street LLC Delaware 11 1400 Eads Street Sub LLC Delaware 12 1460 Richmond Highway, L.L.C. Delaware 13 1501 N. Pierce, L.L.C. Delaware 14 1601 Fairfax Drive, L.L.C. Delaware 15 1730 M Lessee, L.L.C. Delaware 16 1900 CMZ, L.L.C. Delaware 17 1900 CML, L.L.C. Delaware 18 2000-2001 S. Bell, L.L.C. Delaware 19 2000-2001 S. Bell ML, L.L.C. Delaware 20 2000-2001 S. Bell MZ, L.L.C. Delaware 21 2150 Clarendon, L.L.C. Delaware 22 2221 South Clark, L.L.C. Delaware 23 2868 Fort Drive, L.L.C. Delaware 24 2900 Potomac Avenue, L.L.C. Delaware 25 2901 Main Line Boulevard, L.L.C. Delaware 26 3150 Exchange Avenue, L.L.C. Delaware 27 3151 Exchange Avenue, L.L.C. Delaware 28 3330 Exchange Avenue, L.L.C. Delaware 29 3331 Exchange Avenue, L.L.C. Delaware 30 3450 Exchange Avenue, L.L.C. Delaware 31 3451 Exchange Avenue, L.L.C. Delaware 32 151 Q Street Co-Investment, L.P. Delaware 33 151 Q STREET REIT, L.L.C. Delaware 34 151 Q STREET RESIDENTIAL, L.L.C. Delaware 35 1770 Crystal Drive, L.L.C. - shelf entity Virginia 36 1776 Seed Investors, LP Delaware 37 1800 Rockville Residential, L.L.C. Delaware 38 1800 S. Bell, L.L.C. - shelf entity Delaware 39 2301 Richmond Highway, L.L.C. Delaware 40 220 S. 20th Street LLC Delaware 41 220 S. 20th Street Member, L.L.C. Delaware 42 50 Patterson Office, L.L.C. Delaware 43 51 N 50 Patterson Holdings, L.L.C. Delaware 44 51 N Residential, L.L.C. Delaware 45 5640 Fishers Associates, L.L.C. Delaware 

46 75 New York Avenue, L.L.C. Delaware 47 7900 Wisconsin Residential, L.L.C. Delaware 48 Arna-Eads, L.L.C. Delaware 49 Arna-Fern, L.L.C. Delaware 50 Ashley House Member, L.L.C. Delaware 51 Ashley House Residential, L.L.C. Delaware 52 Atlantic Residential A, L.L.C. Delaware 53 Atlantic Residential C, L.L.C. Delaware 54 Atlantic Retail B, L.L.C. Delaware 55 Blue Lion Cell 2, PC District of Columbia 56 Blue Lion PCC, LLC District of Columbia 57 Building Maintenance Service LLC Delaware 58 Central Place Office, L.L.C. Delaware 59 Central Place REIT, L.L.C. Delaware 60 Central Place TRS, L.L.C. Delaware 61 CESC 1101 17th Street Manager, L.L.C. Delaware 62 CESC 1101 17th Street, L.L.C. Delaware 63 CESC 1101 17th Street, Limited Partnership Maryland 64 CESC 1150 17th Street LLC Delaware 65 CESC 1150 17th Street Manager, L.L.C. Delaware 66 CESC 1730 M Street L.L.C. Delaware 67 CESC 2101 L Street LLC Delaware 68 CESC Commerce Executive Park, LLC Delaware 69 CESC Crystal Rosslyn II, L.L.C. Delaware 70 CESC Crystal Square Four L.L.C. Delaware 71 CESC Crystal/Rosslyn L.L.C. Delaware 72 CESC District Holdings L.L.C. Delaware 73 CESC Downtown Member L.L.C. Delaware 74 CESC Engineering TRS, LLC Delaware 75 CESC Gateway One L.L.C. Delaware 76 CESC Gateway Two Limited Partnership Virginia 77 CESC Gateway Two Manager L.L.C. Virginia 78 CESC Gateway/Square L.L.C. Delaware 79 CESC Gateway/Square Member L.L.C. Delaware 80 CESC H Street L.L.C. Delaware 81 CESC Mall L.L.C. Virginia 82 CESC Mall Land L.L.C. Delaware 83 CESC Mall Land LLC Delaware 84 CESC One Democracy Plaza L.P. Maryland 85 CESC One Democracy Plaza Manager L.L.C. Delaware 86 CESC Park Five Land L.L.C. Delaware 87 CESC Park Five Manager L.L.C. Virginia 88 CESC Park Four Land L.L.C. Delaware 89 CESC Park Four Manager L.L.C. Virginia 90 CESC Park One Land L.L.C. Delaware 91 CESC Park One Manager L.L.C. Delaware 92 CESC Park Three Land L.L.C. Delaware 93 CESC Park Three Manager L.L.C. Virginia 94 CESC Park Two L.L.C. Delaware 95 CESC Park Two Land L.L.C. Delaware 

96 CESC Plaza Five Limited Partnership Virginia 97 CESC Plaza Limited Partnership Virginia 98 CESC Plaza Manager L.L.C. Virginia 99 CESC Potomac Yard LLC Delaware 100 CESC Square L.L.C. Virginia 101 CESC TRS, LLC Delaware 102 CESC Two Courthouse Plaza Limited Partnership Virginia 103 CESC Two Courthouse Plaza Manager L.L.C. Delaware 104 CESC Water Park L.L.C. Virginia 105 Charles E. Smith Commercial Realty L.P. Virginia 106 Crystal Gateway 3 Owner, L.L.C. Delaware 107 Crystal Tech Fund LP Delaware 108 Fairways I Residential, L.L.C. Delaware 109 Fairways II Residential, L.L.C. Delaware 110 Fairways Residential REIT, L.L.C. Delaware 111 Falkland Chase Residential I, L.L.C. Delaware 112 Falkland Chase Residential II, L.L.C. Delaware 113 Falkland Road Residential, L.L.C. Delaware 114 Falkland/REC Holdco Member, L.L.C. Delaware 115 Falkland/REC Holdco, L.L.C. Delaware 116 Fifth Crystal Park Associates Limited Partnership Virginia 117 First Crystal Park Associates Limited Partnership Virginia 118 Florida Avenue Residential, L.L.C. Delaware 119 Fort Totten North, L.L.C. Delaware 120 Fourth Crystal Park Associates Limited Partnership Virginia 121 H Street Building Corporation Delaware 122 H STREET MANAGEMENT LLC Delaware 123 JAMES HOUSE MEMBER, L.L.C. Delaware 124 James House Residential, L.L.C. Delaware 125 JBG Associates, L.L.C. Delaware 126 JBG Core Venture I, L.P. Delaware 127 JBG SMITH Impact Manager, L.L.C. Delaware 128 JBG SMITH Management Services, L.L.C. Delaware 129 JBG SMITH PROPERTIES Maryland 130 JBG SMITH PROPERTIES LP Delaware 131 JBG Urban, L.L.C. Delaware 132 JBG/1250 First Member, L.L.C. Delaware 133 JBG/1300 First Street, L.L.C. Delaware 134 JBG/1831 Wiehle, L.L.C. Delaware 135 JBG/1861 Wiehle Lessee, L.L.C. Delaware 136 JBG/55 New York Avenue, L.L.C. Delaware 137 JBG/6th Street Associates, L.L.C. Delaware 138 JBG/7200 Wisconsin Mezz, L.L.C. Delaware 139 JBG/7200 Wisconsin, L.L.C. Maryland 140 JBG/7900 Wisconsin Member, L.L.C. Delaware 141 JBG/Asset Management, L.L.C. Delaware 142 JBG/Atlantic Developer, L.L.C. Delaware 143 JBG/Atlantic GP, L.L.C. Delaware 144 JBG/BC 5640, L.P. Delaware 145 JBG/BC Chase Tower, L.P. Delaware 

146 JBG/BC GP, L.L.C. Delaware 147 JBG/BC Investor, L.P. Delaware 148 JBG/Bethesda Avenue, L.L.C. Delaware 149 JBG/Commercial Management, L.L.C. Delaware 150 JBG/Core I GP, L.L.C. Delaware 151 JBG/Core I LP, L.L.C. Delaware 152 JBG/Courthouse Metro, L.L.C. Delaware 153 JBG/Development Group, L.L.C. Delaware 154 JBG/Development Services, L.L.C. Delaware 155 JBG/Fort Totten Member, L.L.C. Delaware 156 JBG/Foundry Office REIT, L.L.C. Delaware 157 JBG/Foundry Office, L.L.C. Delaware 158 JBG/Fund IX Transferred, L.L.C. Delaware 159 JBG/Fund VI Transferred, L.L.C. Delaware 160 JBG/Fund VII Transferred, L.L.C. Delaware 161 JBG/Fund VIII Transferred, L.L.C. Delaware 162 JBG/Fund VIII Trust Maryland 163 JBG/HATTON RETAIL, L.L.C. Delaware 164 JBG/Landbay G Member, L.L.C. Delaware 165 JBG/Landbay G, L.L.C. Delaware 166 JBG/L Enfant Plaza Member, L.L.C. Delaware 167 JBG/L Enfant Plaza Mezzanine, L.L.C. Delaware 168 JBG/Lionhead, L.L.C. Delaware 169 JBG/N Patterson Member, L.L.C. Delaware 170 JBG/New York Avenue, L.L.C. Delaware 171 JBG/Pickett Office, L.L.C. Delaware 172 JBG/Residential Management, L.L.C. Delaware 173 JBG/Reston Executive Center, L.L.C. Delaware 174 JBG/Retail Management, L.L.C. Maryland 175 JBG/Rosslyn Gateway North, L.L.C. Delaware 176 JBG/Rosslyn Gateway South, L.L.C. Delaware 177 JBG/SHAY RETAIL, L.L.C. Delaware 178 JBG/Sherman Member, L.L.C. Delaware 179 JBG/Tenant Services, L.L.C. Delaware 180 JBG/Twinbrook Metro, L.LC. Maryland 181 JBG/UDM Transferred, L.L.C. Delaware 182 JBG/West Half Residential Member, L.L.C. Delaware 183 JBG/Woodbridge REIT, L.L.C. Delaware 184 JBG/Woodbridge Retail, L.L.C. Delaware 185 JBG/Woodbridge, L.L.C. Delaware 186 JBG/Woodmont II, L.L.C. Delaware 187 JBGS Employee Company, L.L.C. Delaware 188 JBGS Warner GP, LLC Delaware 189 JBGS/1101 South Capitol, L.L.C. Delaware 190 JBGS/1235 South Clark, L.L.C. Delaware 191 JBGS/17TH STREET HOLDINGS, L.P. Delaware 192 JBGS/17th Street, L.L.C. Delaware 193 JBGS/1900 N GP, L.L.C. Delaware 194 JBGS/1900 N Member, L.P. Delaware 195 JBGS/1900 N REIT, L.L.C. Delaware 

196 JBGS/1900 N, L.L.C. Delaware 197 JBGS/Capitol Point TDR Holdings, L.L.C. Delaware 198 JBGS/CES Management, L.L.C. Delaware 199 JBGS/CIM Wardman Owner Member, L.L.C. Delaware 200 JBGS/Commercial Realty GEN-PAR, L.L.C. Delaware 201 JBGS/Company Manager, L.L.C. Delaware 202 JBGS/Courthouse I, L.L.C. Delaware 203 JBGS/Courthouse II, L.L.C. Delaware 204 JBGS/Fund VIII REIT Management Services, L.L.C. Delaware 205 JBGS/Hotel Operator, L.L.C. Delaware 206 JBGS/Hotel Owner, L.L.C. Delaware 207 JBGS/Management OP, L.P. Delaware 208 JBGS/OP Management Services, L.L.C. Delaware 209 JBGS/Pentagon Plaza, L.L.C. Virginia 210 JBGS/Recap GP L.L.C. Delaware 211 JBGS/Recap, L.L.C. Delaware 212 JBGS/TRS, L.L.C. Delaware 213 JBGS/Wardman Owner Member, L.L.C. Delaware 214 JBGS/Warner GP, L.L.C. Delaware 215 JBGS/Warner Holdings, L.P. Delaware 216 JBGS/Waterfront Holdings, L.L.C. Delaware 217 Landbay G Corporate Member, L.L.C. Delaware 218 LBF CE Owner, L.L.C. Delaware 219 LBF Declarant, L.L.C. Delaware 220 LBF NTV Investor Member, L.L.C. Delaware 221 LBG Declarant, L.L.C. Delaware 222 LBG Parcel A, L.L.C. Delaware 223 LBG Parcel B, L.L.C. Delaware 224 LBG Parcel E, L.L.C. Delaware 225 LBG Parcel G, L.L.C. Delaware 226 LBG Parcel H, L.L.C. Delaware 227 LEP Manager, L.L.C. Delaware 228 Market Square Fairfax MM LLC Delaware 229 MTV Holdco, L.L.C. Delaware 230 National Landing Development, L.L.C. fka Crystal City Development, L.L.C. Delaware 231 NEW KAEMPFER WATERFRONT LLC Delaware 232 NL Hotel TRS Sub, L.L.C. Delaware 233 North Glebe Office, L.L.C. Delaware 234 NTV Holdco, L.L.C. Delaware 235 Park One Member L.L.C. Delaware 236 Potomac Creek Associates, L.L.C. Delaware 237 Potomac East Master Association, Inc. Virginia 238 Potomac East Master Mixed Use Association, Inc. Virginia 239 Potomac House Member, LLC Delaware 240 Potomac House Residential, L.L.C. Delaware 241 PY Landbay H, L.L.C. (f/k/a JBG/Atlantic LP, L.L.C.) Delaware 242 PY RR Land, L.L.C. Delaware 243 Rosslyn Gateway Hotel, L.L.C. Delaware 244 Rosslyn Gateway Residential, L.L.C. Delaware 

245 SEAD, L.L.C. Delaware 246 SEAD OP, L.L.C. Delaware 247 Sherman Avenue LLC District of Columbia 248 SINEWAVE VENTURES FUND I, L.P. Delaware 249 SMB Tenant Services, LLC Delaware 250 Smart City, L.L.C. Delaware 251 South Capitol L.L.C. Delaware 252 Third Crystal Park Associates Limited Partnership Virginia 253 Twinbrook Commons Residential 1B, L.L.C. Delaware 254 Twinbrook Commons Residential North, L.L.C. Delaware 255 Twinbrook Commons Residential South, L.L.C. Delaware 256 Twinbrook Commons, L.L.C. Delaware 257 UBI MANAGEMENT LLC Delaware 258 Universal Bldg., North, Inc. District of Columbia 259 Universal Building, Inc. District of Columbia 260 Wardman Hotel Owner, L.L.C. Delaware 261 Warner Investments, LP Delaware 262 Washington CT Fund GP LLC Delaware 263 Washington Housing Initiative Impact Pool Workforce, L.L.C. Delaware 264 WASHINGTON HOUSING INITIATIVE IMPACT POOL, L.L.C. Delaware 265 Washington Mart TRS, L.L.C. Delaware 266 WATERFRONT 375 M STREET, LLC Delaware 267 WATERFRONT 425 M STREET, LLC Delaware 268 West Half Residential II, L.L.C. Delaware 269 West Half Residential III, L.L.C. Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 jbgs-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-255613 on Form S-8, Registration Statement No. 333-220507 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-257542 on Form S-3 of our reports dated February 21, 2023, relating to the financial statements of JBG SMITH Properties, and the effectiveness of JBG SMITH Properties internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of JBG SMITH Properties for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP McLean, Virginia February 21, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 jbgs-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER I, W. Matthew Kelly, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of JBG SMITH Properties; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

February 21, 2023 /s/ W. Matthew Kelly W. Matthew Kelly Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 jbgs-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER I, M. Moina Banerjee, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of JBG SMITH Properties; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

February 21, 2023 /s/ M. Moina Banerjee M. Moina Banerjee Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 jbgs-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of JBG SMITH Properties (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, W. Matthew Kelly, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and I, M. Moina Banerjee, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, to our knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

February 21, 2023 /s/ W. Matthew Kelly W. Matthew Kelly Chief Executive Officer February 21, 2023 /s/ M. Moina Banerjee M. Moina Banerjee Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 jbgs-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 jbgs-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 jbgs-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 jbgs-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 jbgs-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

