<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1842279_0001842279-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18698819</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>703875</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2771670</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6477435</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4484690</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3933495</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001842279-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328205546
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001842279-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		127
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OPAL Fuels Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001842279
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GAS & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4932]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40272
		FILM NUMBER:		23771486

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CLARENDON STREET, 55TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-531-6300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CLARENDON STREET, 55TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ArcLight Clean Transition Corp. II
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210125

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001842279-23-000009.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 wdq-20221231.htm
 10-K

wdq-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _______________ to ____________ 
 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code): ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , "smaller reporting company," and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately based on the closing price of the registrant's Class A ordinary shares on The Nasdaq Capital Market on that date. 
 
 As of March 27, 2023 , a total of shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class D common stock, par value 0.0001 per share were issued and outstanding. 

2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I Page Item 1. Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 19 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 55 
 Item 2. Properties 
 55 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 55 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 
 55 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 55 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 56 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 57 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 72 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 72 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 72 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 72 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 74 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspec tions 
 76 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 76 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 82 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 87 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 90 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 96 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 102 
 Signatures 

References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Form 10-K or Annual Report to we, us, our, OPAL Fuels, OPAL, the Company and similar terms all refer to OPAL Fuels Inc.. and its subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires. 
 
 A glossary of terms (the Glossary that should be used as a reference when reading this Annual Report can be found immediately prior to Item 1A. 
 
 Capitalized terms that are used in this Annual Report are either defined when they are first used or in the Glossary. 
 
 All dollar amounts are stated in United States U.S. dollars unless otherwise stated. 
 
 3 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 
 This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements regarding our future results of operations or financial condition, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as estimates, projected, expects, estimated, anticipates, forecasts, plans, intends, believes, seeks, may, will, would, future, propose, target, goal, objective, outlook and variations of these words or similar expressions (or the negative versions of such words or expressions) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, conditions or results, and involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors, many of which are outside our control, that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Important factors, among others, that may affect actual results or outcomes include: 
 
 Our ability to grow and manage growth profitably, maintain relationships with customers and suppliers and retain key employees; 
 
 our success in retaining or recruiting, our principal officers, key employees or directors; 
 
 intense competition and competitive pressures from other companies in the industry in which we operate; 
 
 increased costs of, or delays in obtaining, key components or labor for the construction and completion of LFG and livestock waste projects that generate electricity and renewable natural gas RNG and compressed natural gas CNG and hydrogen dispensing stations; 
 
 factors relating to our business, operations and financial performance, including market conditions and global and economic factors beyond our control; 
 
 macroeconomic conditions related to the global COVID-19 pandemic; 
 
 the reduction or elimination of government economic incentives to the renewable energy market; 
 
 factors associated with companies, such as us, that are engaged in the production and integration of RNG, including (i) anticipated trends, growth rates and challenges in those businesses and in the markets in which they operate (ii) contractual arrangements with, and the cooperation of, landfill and livestock biogas conversion project site owners and operators and operators, on which we operate our LFG and livestock waste projects that generate electricity and (iii) RNG prices for Environmental Attributes, LCFS credits and other incentives; 
 
 the ability to identify, acquire, develop and operate renewable projects and fueling stations ("Fueling Stations"); 
 
 our ability to issue equity or equity-linked securities or obtain or amend debt financing; 
 
 the demand for renewable energy not being sustained; 
 
 impacts of climate change, changing weather patterns and conditions and natural disasters; 
 
 the effect of legal, tax and regulatory changes; and 
 
 other factors detailed under the section entitled Risk Factors. 
 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K are based on current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors in this Form 10-K. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 1 

PART 1 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 OPAL Fuels Inc. (including its subsidiaries, the "Company", OPAL, we, us or our is a renewable energy company specializing in the capture and conversion of biogas for the production of RNG for use as a vehicle fuel for heavy and medium-duty trucking fleets, generation of Renewable Power for sale to utilities, generation and sale of Environmental Attributes associated with RNG and Renewable Power, and sales of RNG as pipeline quality natural gas. We are an established biogas-to-energy producer in the United States, having participated in the landfill gas to energy industry for over 20 years. We have established our operating portfolio through self-development, partnerships, and acquisitions. 
 
 Biogas is generated by microbes as they break down organic matter in the absence of oxygen, and comprised of non-fossil waste gas, with high concentrations of methane, which is the primary component of RNG and the source for combustion utilized by Renewable Power plants to generate Renewable Power. Biogas can not only be collected and processed to remove impurities for use as RNG (a form of high-Btu fuel) and injected into existing natural gas pipelines as it is fully interchangeable with fossil natural gas, but partially treated biogas can be used directly in heating applications (as a form of medium-Btu fuel) or in the production of Renewable Power. Our principal sources of biogas are landfill gas, which is produced by the decomposition of organic waste at landfills and dairy manure, which is processed through anaerobic digesters to produce the biogas. 
 
 We also design, develop, construct, operate and service Fueling Stations for trucking fleets across the country that use natural gas to displace diesel as their transportation fuel. We have participated in the alternative vehicle fuels industry for approximately 12 years and have established an expanding network of Fueling Stations for dispensing RNG. In addition, we have recently begun implementing design, development, and construction services for hydrogen fueling stations, and we are pursuing opportunities to diversify its sources of biogas to other waste streams. 
 
 Business combination 
 On December 2, 2021, the Company (formerly known as ArcLight Clean Transition Corp. II, "Arclight"), OPAL HoldCo LLC ("OPAL Holdco") and OPAL Fuels LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("OPAL Fuels" or "Opco"), entered into a business combination agreement (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement . On July 21, 2022, we closed the Business Combination Agreement and consummated the transactions contemplated thereby (the Business Combination ). 
 
 Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, on July 21, 2022, (the "Closing Date"), Arclight changed its jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering as a Cayman Islands exempted company and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (the "Domestication"). Following the Domestication, on July 21, 2022, Arclight changed its name to "OPAL Fuels Inc." and each outstanding ArcLight Class B ordinary share converted into one ArcLight Class A ordinary share, each outstanding ArcLight Class A ordinary share became one share of Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A common stock ), and each outstanding warrant to purchase one ArcLight Class A ordinary share became a warrant to purchase one share of the Company's Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. Following the consummation of the Business Combination on July 21, 2022, the Company was organized in an Up-C structure. The Company is the managing member of OPAL Fuels. OPAL Fuels directly or indirectly holds substantially all of the consolidated assets and business of the Company. Please see Note 3. Business Combination, to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 Warrant exchange 
 
 On November 18, 2022, the Company announced the commencement of an exchange offer (the Offer and consent solicitation relating to its outstanding (i) public warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share which warrants trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol OPALW (the Public Warrants ), and (ii) private placement warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock (the Private Placement Warrants and together with the public warrants, the Warrants ). The Company offered all holders of the Warrants the opportunity to receive 0.250 shares of Class A common stock in exchange for each outstanding Warrant tendered by the holder and exchanged pursuant to the Offer. Concurrently with the Offer, the Company solicited 
 2 

consents from holders of the Warrants to amend the warrant agreement that governs all of the warrants (the Warrant Agreement to permit the Company to require that each warrant that is outstanding upon the closing of the Offer be exchanged for 0.225 shares of Class A common stock, which is a ratio 10 less than the exchange ratio applicable to the Offer (the Warrant Amendment ). 
 
 On December 22, 2022, the Company completed the exchange offer and issued 3,309,296 shares of Class A common stock in exchange for the warrants tendered in the Offer. Pursuant to the Warrant Amendment dated December 21, 2022, the Company exercised its right to exchange the Warrants remaining outstanding at the closing of the Offer for 0.225 shares of Class A common stock per Warrant (the Post-Offer Exchange and issued 497,080 shares of Class A common stock on December 23, 2022. Following the completion of the Offer and the Post-Offer Exchange the Public Warrants were suspended from trading on the Nasdaq and delisted. There are no longer any Warrants outstanding. 
 
 UPS Agreement 
 
 On December 15, 2022, the Company entered into a long-term agreement with UPS (the "UPS Agreement") pursuant to which the Company will provide operations and maintenance services to 51 UPS renewable natural gas dispensing stations across the United States. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company will receive an amount based on an agreed price per gas gallon equivalent dispensed at each station. 
 
 Senior Secured Credit Facility 
 
 On December 19, 2022, Fortistar Methane 3 LLC FM3 ), an indirect subsidiary of the Company, and the borrower under the senior secured credit facility (the "Senior Secured Credit Facility"), dated as of September 21, 2015, provided by a lender group led by MUFG Union Bank Ltd, as administrative agent, and guaranteed by certain direct subsidiaries of FM3, and Opal Fuels, a direct subsidiary of the Company, and the other parties to the Senior Secured Credit Facility entered into an Omnibus and Consent Agreement (the FM3 Amendment ). The FM3 Amendment amended the Senior Secured Credit Facility, among other things, to (a) extend the maturity date of the obligations thereunder from December 20, 2022 to March 20, 2023, (b) permit Opal Fuels to purchase the rights and obligations of certain exiting lenders at par, (c) prepay a portion of the outstanding loans made by the remaining lenders and (d) permit the release of certain project company subsidiaries of FM3 from the collateral securing the obligations under the Senior Secured Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022, Opal Fuels holds approximately 45.0 million of the outstanding loans under the FM3 Credit Agreement as an affiliate lender. On March 20, 2023, the Company repaid in full the remaining outstanding balance under this loan facility. Please see Note.19 Subsequent Events for additional information. 
 OPAL Term Loan II 
 
 On August 4, 2022, OPAL Fuels Intermediate Holdco 2 LLC ("OPAL Intermediate Holdco 2"), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a new senior secured credit facility (the "OPAL Term Loan II") with a syndicate of lenders. The indebtedness is guaranteed by certain of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of OPAL Intermediate Holdco 2. OPAL Term Loan II provides for an approximately two year delayed term loan facility (the "DDTL Facility") of up to a maximum aggregate principal amount of 100.0 million and debt service reserve facility (the "DSR Facility") of up to a maximum aggregate principal amount of 5.0 million. The proceeds of the DDTL Facility are to be used to fund a portion of the construction of the RNG projects owned, either in full or through a joint venture with a third party, by the subsidiary guarantors and the proceeds of the DSR Facility are to be used solely to satisfy the balance to be maintained in the debt service reserve account. In connection with the transaction, the Company paid 2.2 million as financing fees to the lenders and incurred 1.4 million of expenses. 
 
 Our Strategy 
 
 We aim to maintain and grow our position as a leading producer and dispenser of RNG in the United States and maintain and increase our position as a leading provider of RNG to the heavy and medium-duty commercial vehicle market in the U.S. We support these objectives through a multi-pronged strategy of: 
 
 Promoting the reduction of methane and GHG emissions and expanding the use of renewable fuels to displace fossil-based fuels: We share the renewable fuel industry s commitment to providing sustainable renewable energy solutions and offering products with high economic and ecological value. By simultaneously replacing fossil-based fuels and reducing overall methane emissions, our projects have a positive environmental impact. We are committed to the sustainable development, deployment, and utilization of RNG to reduce the country s 
 3 

dependence on fossil fuels. We strive to optimize the economics of capturing biogas from our host landfills and dairy farms for conversion to RNG by balancing the capital and operating costs with the current and future quality and quantity of biogas. 
 
 Expanding our industry position as a full-service partner for development opportunities, including through strategic transactions: Throughout our over 20 years of biogas conversion experience, we have developed the full range of biogas conversion project related capabilities from landfill gas collection system expertise, to engineering, construction, management and operations, through EHS oversight and Environmental Attributes management. Our full suite of capabilities allows us to serve as a multi-project partner, including through strategic transactions. 
 
 Expanding our capabilities to new feedstock sources and technologies: We believe we will be able to enter new markets for our products, such as providing fuel for the production of renewable energy sources. With our experience and industry expertise, we believe we are well-positioned to take advantage of opportunities to meet the clean energy needs of other industries looking to use renewable energy in their operations. We are actively reviewing opportunities beyond our core LFG and dairy RNG business. Specifically, we intend to diversify our project portfolio beyond landfill biogas through the expansion into additional methane producing assets. 
 
 Empowering our customers to achieve their sustainability and carbon reduction objectives: We are well positioned to empower our customers to achieve their sustainability and carbon reduction goals, including significantly reducing GHG emissions from their commercial transportation activities, at a cost to customers that is competitive to other fuels like diesel. We also assist our customers in their transition to cleaner transportation fuels by helping them obtain federal, state and local tax credits, grants and incentives, vehicle financing, and facilitating customer selection of vehicle specifications to meet their needs. 
 
 Vertical Integration of Business 
 
 The combination of Biogas Conversion Projects and Fueling Stations, together with the dispensing, generation, and monetization of the associated Environmental Attributes, differentiates us from our principal competitors. This vertical integration allows for a direct pathway to qualify biogas for Environmental Attributes and offers an attractive network of Fueling Stations to heavy and medium-duty trucking fleets running on natural gas. 
 
 Our involvement across the RNG value chain, from production to dispensing of RNG, gives us the opportunity to avoid value leakage that competitors may incur by having to rely upon third-parties for either RNG supply or dispensing. The additional value captured benefits us by allowing us to offer better terms to our increasing number of transportation customers. The increasing adoption of RNG as a fuel for transportation use amongst our customers subsequently gives us more opportunities to secure additional gas rights for Biogas Conversion Projects. 
 
 Our vertical integration also attracts low carbon intensity ("CI") project developers that need partners to market and dispense their fuel to obtain LCFS credits and provide the required economic returns on their projects. As a result, we gain opportunities to source new Biogas Conversion Projects as well as secure RNG marketing agreements from these developers. In addition, fleet owners are attracted to our biogas conversion and dispensing resources which results in the growth of dispensing, station construction and service businesses. 
 
 Management and Project Expertise 
 
 Our management team has decades of combined experience in the design, development, construction, maintenance, and operation of Biogas Conversion Projects and Fueling Stations that dispense RNG, as well as the monetization of the associated Environmental Attributes. We believe our team s proven track record and focus give us a strategic advantage in continuing to grow our business. Our diverse experience and integration of key technical, environmental, and administrative support functions underpin our ability to design and operate projects and execute its day-to-day activities. 
 
 Our experience and existing project portfolio have provided access to a wide spectrum of available biogas-to-RNG and biogas-to-Renewable Power conversion technologies. We are technology agnostic and base project design on the available technologies (and related equipment) most suitable for the specific application, including membranes, media, and solvent-based gas cleanup technologies. We are actively engaged in the management of each project site and regularly serve in engineering, construction management, and commissioning roles. This allows us to develop a comprehensive 
 4 

understanding of the operational performance of each technology and how to optimize application of the technology to specific projects, including through enhancements and improvements of operating or abandoned projects. At LFG-to-RNG projects, technologies deployed at each project are relatively consistent and mature and management has extensive experience with such technologies. At livestock waste-to-RNG projects, digester technologies may be different from site to site but upgrading technology is generally consistent from site to site and they have both been widely used in the past several decades. Additionally, we also work with key vendors on initiatives to develop and test upgrades to existing technologies. 
 
 We also have a network of experienced and creditworthy EPC contractors to perform design, development, procurement and construction services under supervision by us. Typically, our contracts for EPC services contain fixed price, date certain provisions and liquidated damages provisions, which greatly reduce the risks typically associated with construction projects. We also work with key vendors on initiatives to develop and test upgrades to existing technologies. 
 
 Access to Development Opportunities 
 
 We have many relationships throughout the industry supply chain from technology and equipment providers to feedstock owners to RNG off-takers. We believe the strong reputation we have attained in combination with its understanding of the various and complex requirements for generating and monetizing Environmental Attributes gives us a competitive advantage relative to new market entrants. We further benefit from our vertical integration by offering dispensing and monetization services to third-party developers, which can lead to project acquisition or partnership opportunities for us. 
 
 We leverage our relationships built over the past several decades to identify and execute new project opportunities. Typically, new development opportunities come from our existing relationships with landfill owners and dairy developers who value our long operating history and strong reputation in the biogas conversion industry. This includes new projects or referrals from existing partners . We actively seek to extend the term of our contracts at project sites and views our positive relationships with the owners and managers of its host landfills and dairy farms as a contributing factor to our ability to extend contract terms as they come due. 
 
 Large and Diverse Project Portfolio 
 
 We believe we have one of the largest and most technologically optimized Biogas Conversion Project portfolios in the RNG industry. Our ability to solve unique project development challenges and integrate such solutions across our entire project portfolio has supported the long-term successful partnerships we have with its Biogas Conversion Project hosts. Because we are able to meet the varying needs of its host partners, we have a strong reputation and are actively sought out for new project and acquisition opportunities. Additionally, our size and financial discipline generally affords the ability to achieve priority service and pricing from contractors, service providers, and equipment suppliers. 
 
 EHS and Compliance 
 
 Our executive team places the highest priority on the health and safety of our staff and third parties at our project sites, as well as the preservation of the environment. Our corporate culture is built around supporting these priorities, as reflected in our well-established practices and policies. By setting and maintaining high standards in the renewable energy field, we are often able to contribute positively to the safety practices and policies of its host landfills, which reflects favorably on us with potential hosts when choosing a counterparty. Our high safety standards include use of wireless gas monitoring safety devices, active monitoring of all field workers, performance of regular EHS audits and the use of technology throughout our safety processes from employee training in compliance with operational processes and procedures to emergency preparedness. By extension, we incorporate our EHS standards into our subcontractor selection qualifications to ensure our commitment to high EHS standards is shared by our subcontractors which provides further assurances to our host landfills. 
 
 Nature of Business 
 
 Capture and Conversion Business 
 
 We typically secure our Biogas Conversion Projects through a combination of long-term gas rights, manure supply agreements, and property lease agreements with biogas site hosts. Our Biogas Conversion Projects provide our landfill and dairy farm partners with a variety of benefits, including (i) a means to monetize biogas from their sites, (ii) 
 5 

regulatory compliance for landfills, (iii) a source of environmentally beneficial waste management practices for dairy farms and (iv) a valuable revenue stream. Once we have negotiated gas rights or manure supply agreements, we then design, develop, build, own and operate facilities that convert the biogas into RNG or uses the processed biogas to produce Renewable Power. We sell the RNG produced by the Biogas Conversion Projects through RNG marketing and dispensing agreements and generate associated Environmental Attributes. These Environmental Attributes are then sold to obligated parties as defined under the RFS promulgated by the U.S. federal government and Low Carbon Fuel Standard Programs established by several states. We also sell Renewable Power to public utilities through long-term power purchase agreements. 
 
 We believe there are other sources of biogas in the United States, and internationally, that could be utilized for potential future Biogas Conversion Project opportunities. We expect to continue our growth by taking advantage of these opportunities while also continuing to capitalize on additional vertical integration opportunities. Our evaluation and execution of project opportunities will benefit from our ability to leverage our industry experience, relationships with customers and vendors, knowledge about transmission and distribution utility interconnections, and capabilities to design, develop, construct, operate, maintain and service Biogas Conversion Projects and Fueling Stations. We exercise financial discipline in pursuing these projects by targeting project returns that are in line with the relative risk of the specific projects. 
 
 Our current Biogas Conversion Projects generate RNG from landfill sites and dairy farms. We view the acquisition of new landfill gas, dairy farm, and other biogas waste projects as significant opportunities for us to expand our RNG business, complementing the ongoing conversion of certain of our existing Renewable Power plants to RNG production facilities. We believe our business is scalable, which is expected to continue to support growth through development and acquisitions. 
 
 We differentiate ourself from our competitors based on our vertically integrated business model and long history of working with leading vendors, technologies and utilities. Our competitive advantage is further strengthened by our expertise in designing, developing, constructing and operating Biogas Conversion Projects and Fueling Stations. 
 
 Dispensing and Monetization Business 
 
 We are a leading provider of RNG marketing and dispensing in the alternative vehicle fuels market for heavy and medium-duty trucking fleets throughout the United States. In this sector, we focus on dispensing RNG through Fueling Stations that serve fleets that use natural gas instead of diesel fuel. These Fueling Stations and dispensing services are key for our business because Environmental Attributes are generated through dispensing RNG at these stations for use as vehicle fuel for transportation, and, once generated, the Environmental Attributes can then be monetized. During 2022, we dispensed 29.3 million gasoline gallon equivalent ("GGEs") of RNG to the transportation market, generating corresponding Environmental Attributes, utilizing our current network of 242 Fueling Stations in 40 states in the United States, including more than 35 stations in California. 
 
 Hydrogen Fuel 
 
 In the coming years, we believe we will be able to provide hydrogen fuel to vehicle fleets by constructing and servicing hydrogen fueling stations as well as providing RNG for hydrogen production. As fleet operators deploy more hydrogen powered vehicles, we anticipate constructing and servicing stations that use hydrogen derived from RNG to deliver low carbon hydrogen fuel to customers. We are currently in the design, engineering phase and construction of the first several of these hydrogen fueling stations. 
 
 How We Generate Revenue 
 
 Overview. Our revenues are driven principally from the sale of Environmental Attributes that are generated from dispensing RNG as transportation fuel for heavy and medium-duty trucking fleets at Fueling Stations. In addition, we generate revenue from the sale of (i) Renewable Power, (ii) design, development, construction and service of Fueling Stations, and (iii) from sales of RNG produced by OPAL as pipeline quality natural gas. 
 
 Environmental Attributes. Currently, our Environmental Attributes revenue stream is primarily comprised of RINs, LCFS credits, and renewable energy credits ("RECs"). If RNG is dispensed into vehicles as transportation fuel, RINs will be generated under the RFS program. In certain states, there are LCFS programs, which allow a credit to be generated based on a fuel s carbon intensity score. If RNG is used to produce hydrogen which is consumed in the transportation 
 6 

market in a state where an LCFS program is available, a LCFS credit may be generated as well. Lastly, LFG-to-Renewable Power projects can create Environmental Attributes, in the form of a REC, in certain states and can be bundled with electricity off-take or monetized separately. See "Biogas RNG Market Opportunity". 
 
 Power Purchase Agreements. Our Renewable Power projects generally have associated long-term Power Purchase Agreements PPAs with creditworthy utility off-takers or municipalities. Nearly all of our Renewable Power off-takers have investment grade credit ratings with either S P or Moody s. As discussed above, we also generate RECs from Renewable Power projects through the conversion of biogas to Renewable Power. 
 
 Fueling Station Construction and Services. We have significant experience in the engineering, design, construction and operation of Fueling Stations that dispense RNG. Since 2009, TruStar Energy Holdings LLC ("OPAL Fuel Station Services"), one of our subsidiaries, together with its predecessors, has served as the general contractor or supervised qualified third-party contractors and completed over 350 Fueling Station projects. We use a combination of custom designed and off-the-shelf equipment to build these stations. We also perform in-house manufacturing and modularized portable CNG compressor packages for smaller dispensing stations, utilizing its patented technology that allows faster and easier station installations. These portable packages can include defueling panels that allow smaller fleet owners to avoid expensive maintenance shop upgrades. In addition, we also generate revenues by providing O M services for customer stations; and by helping our customers obtain federal, state and local tax credits, grants and incentives. 
 
 Biogas Conversion Projects 
 
 Typically, a Biogas Conversion Project includes two phases: (i) biogas collection and (ii) processing and purifying biogas. 
 
 At landfills, biogas collection systems can be configured as vertical wells and horizontal collectors. The most common method is drilling vertical wells into the waste mass and connecting the wellheads to lateral piping that transports the gas to a collection header using a blower or vacuum induction system. Collection system operators tune or adjust the wellfield to maximize the volume and quality of biogas collected while maintaining environmental compliance. The existing compliance structure for landfills in the United States benefits us since the EPA requires larger landfills to have collection systems in place to collect and destroy biogas emissions. We turn this compliance cost into a revenue stream for the landfill and are able to leverage existing collection infrastructure in biogas plant design. 
 
 A basic biogas processing plant includes: (i) a moisture removal system, (ii) blowers to provide a vacuum to pull the gas and pressure to convey the gas and (iii) a flare for destroying unutilized gas. System operators monitor parameters to maximize system efficiency. Using biogas in a Renewable Power facility usually requires some treatment of the landfill gas to remove excess moisture, particulates, and other impurities. The type and extent of treatment depends on site-specific biogas characteristics and the type of Renewable Power facility. This partially cleaned biogas can be burned on-site to generate Renewable Power which can be immediately used or deployed into the grid. To further upgrade the gas to pipeline quality RNG, the partially treated biogas then goes through separation of the CO 2 from the methane molecules. Further treatment of the biogas is often required to remove residual nitrogen and/or oxygen to meet pipeline specifications. 
 
 For dairy waste-to-RNG projects, manure is collected and then scraped or flushed into a reception pit or lagoon, and may be fed into a digester. The biogas equipment then anaerobically digests the manure and produces biogas. There are three different types of anaerobic digesters: (i) covered lagoons (existing lagoons that use large cover to capture methane); (ii) complete mix (large tanks that heat and mix manure), and (iii) plug-flow (long rectangular tanks; unmixed). The biogas is then upgraded to meet pipeline quality specifications. 
 
 If a biogas capture and conversion project is not within close proximity to a pipeline, the RNG is transported by road using tube trailers to a gas injection point. This is referred to as a virtual pipeline. 
 
 Biogas RNG Market Opportunity 
 
 Biogas can be collected and processed to remove impurities for use as RNG (a form of high-Btu fuel) and injected into existing natural gas pipelines as it is fully interchangeable with fossil natural gas. Partially treated biogas can be used directly in heating applications (as a form of medium-Btu fuel) or in the production of Renewable Power. OPAL s current primary sources of biogas are landfills and dairy farms. 
 
 7 

Landfill- and livestock-sourced biogas serve as the base to produce RNG, while also reducing GHG emissions. While landfill projects for RNG and Renewable Power have been developed over the past few decades, undeveloped landfills remain a significant source of biogas. Moreover, as technology continues to develop and economic incentives grow, we believe additional sources of biogas will become available for RNG production. 
 
 Overview of Landfill Gas Sources 
 
 LFG, or landfill gas, is created through the naturally occurring anaerobic decomposition of organic matter. Large landfills have been required by the EPA to capture municipal solid waste landfill emissions for decades due to various regulatory requirements aimed at reducing GHG emissions. The amount of LFG produced from a landfill generally increases as more waste is added to the site. Once a permitted landfill site is completely filled, the landfill will place a cap over the waste. Gas production then follows a generally predictable and modest decline over the next 30 or more years. As a result, LFG has a predictable long-term production profile which, when coupled with the expectation of continued landfill waste growth in the United States for the next 30 years, creates predictable long-term LFG feedstock. 
 
 To capitalize on this feedstock opportunity, and to help landfill owners meet growing regulatory requirements for curbing GHG emissions, we enter into long-term gas rights and site lease agreements with landfill owners. The agreement terms are typically at least 20 years. In most cases, the agreements contain renewal provisions. With respect to all of our existing or proposed LFG-to-RNG Biogas Conversion Projects currently in operation or under construction (a total of 12 projects), all but one relates to landfills that are currently open and accepting more waste, which we believe provides a high degree of visibility into the long-term volumes of RNG capable of being generated as each of these projects. 
 
 Using proven gas purification technology, biogas can be processed onsite to remove impurities, and used at around 50 methane to generate Renewable Power. Biogas can be further processed and upgraded to remove CO 2 as well as remaining contaminants to increase the methane content and reach pipeline quality specifications, creating RNG. The resulting RNG can be used for all purposes suitable for traditional fossil fuel-based natural gas such as vehicle fuel (e.g., for consumer, industrial and transportation uses, or further converted to renewable hydrogen). RNG can be transported using existing natural gas pipeline infrastructure or through tube trailers. This is an important factor that enables OPAL to design, develop and operate RNG projects to generate value from production of RNG and the associated Environmental Attributes (i.e., RINs and LCFS credits) throughout the United States. 
 
 Overview of Livestock Sources 
 
 Livestock are the top agricultural source of GHG worldwide, according to the EPA. Livestock waste, particularly from dairies, produces biomethane which can be converted to RNG. After being converted to RNG, it can be sold as RNG for consumer, industrial and transportation uses, or further converted to renewable hydrogen. When RNG is produced from livestock waste and used as a vehicle fuel, it effectively reduces emissions from the transportation fleets and also from the livestock facilities that otherwise do not have to collect such methane and is often considered carbon negative. Additionally, revenues generated from dispensing RNG produced from livestock farms can be significantly higher than dispensing revenue from RNG produced from landfills due to state-level low-carbon fuel incentives for these projects. 
 
 We view dairy farms as a significant opportunity for us to expand our RNG business. Processing biogas from dairy farms requires similar expertise and capabilities as processing biogas from landfills. 
 
 The presence of our digester benefits dairy farmers in a number of ways, creating a mutually beneficial relationship. We assist in managing the waste for the dairy farmer, which they would otherwise have to manage. Additionally, processing this waste in a digester is significantly more environmentally friendly by reducing GHG emissions. Finally, a byproduct of the production process can be returned to farmers for use as bedding, alleviating the need to purchase other materials for bedding for the cows and/or adding a revenue stream for the dairy farmer when sold to third parties. 
 
 Highly Fragmented Market 
 
 The LFG market is heavily fragmented, which we believe represents an opportunity for companies like us to find project opportunities. According to the EPA, the top ten players account for approximately 54 of installed LFG 
 8 

capacity as of December 31, 2022, and over 90 of developers own five or fewer projects. This market dynamic creates the opportunity for consolidation by well capitalized, experienced market participants such as OPAL. 
 
 While LFG has accounted for most of the growth in Biogas Conversion Projects to date, we believe additional economically viable LFG project opportunities exist. According to the EPA LMOP project database, as of August 2022, there were 538 LFG projects in operation in the United States, including 366 operating LFG-to-electricity projects that may be converted to produce RNG as well as 470 additional candidate landfills. Based on EPA data, these 470 candidate landfills have the potential to collect a combined 326.7 million standard cubic feet of LFG per day. Based on our industry experience, technical knowledge and analysis, we believe many of these sites are potentially economically viable for RNG project acquisitions. 
 
 Biogas from livestock farm waste also represents a significant opportunity for RNG production that remains largely untapped. According to the US Department of Agriculture, as of June 2018, biogas recovery systems are feasible at 2,704 incremental dairy farms and 5,409 incremental swine farms in the United States. These farms have the potential to produce roughly 172.0 million MMBtu of RNG annually, or the equivalent of the CO 2 emissions from over 1.3 billion gallons of gasoline. Although many of the EPA identified project sites are not currently economically viable because of distance from pipelines and contaminants in the biogas, among other reasons as described above, we believe there is potential for sustained growth in biogas conversion from livestock waste sources given our experience in evaluating sites and assessing their viability, evolving consumer preferences, regulatory conditions, ongoing waste industry trends, and project economics. Additionally, all-in prices paid for RNG from livestock farms can be significantly higher than prices for RNG from landfills due to state-level LCFS incentives for these projects. Given our understanding of biogas processing and our market leadership in RNG, including access to a broad network of Fueling Stations for dispensing, we believe we are well-positioned to take advantage of opportunities in this emerging market. Our first dairy development project, Sunoma, is located at Paloma Dairy and came online in November 2021. 
 
 Well-Established Regulatory Framework 
 
 RINs are credits used by Obligated Parties for regulatory compliance as part of the RFS program. The RFS program is a federal law introduced in 2005 and updated in 2007 to incorporate renewable content into various transportation fuels. Through this RFS program, RINs can be sold to counterparties in order for them to meet their renewable standard requirements. RNG from landfills and livestock waste, among other sources, qualifies as a cellulosic biofuel with a 60 GHG reduction requirement D3 RIN, which is currently the highest priced RIN and commands a premium compared to non-cellulosic renewable fuels such as ethanol and renewable diesel. 
 
 We generate RINs when RNG is dispensed into vehicles as transportation fuel, and the RINs can then be sold to, and traded with, market participants who can either retire them or trade them again. By using the RINs, Obligated Parties retire the RINs for compliance purposes. Market participants in the RIN program typically include Obligated Parties and registered RIN market participants. Participants include both domestic and foreign companies. 
 
 The LCFS programs are state-level market-based programs designed to decrease CI and GHG emissions from the transportation sector. Currently, California and Oregon have established LCFS programs. Additionally, multiple jurisdictions are considering implementation of LCFS programs; for example Canada has proposed programs and Washington State s program will begin in 2023. 
 
 The LCFS programs are attractive because the LCFS credits can be additive to RINs. In California, the most established program, the LCFS program is administered by the CARB, which sets annual CI standards. Fuel producers in the transportation fuel pool that have lower CI scores than the target established by CARB generate LCFS credits, and those with higher CI scores than the annual standard will generate deficits. A fuel producer with deficits must have enough LCFS credits through either generation or acquisitions to be in annual compliance with the annual standard. OPAL is poised to take advantage of the LCFS programs given that RNG from dairies has very low or negative CI, and therefore generates valuable credits in states with LCFS programs. Although not included in OPAL s base case model, landfill RNG projects can attract LCFS credits as well but are not as valuable as the lower CI dairy RNG credits. 
 
 Currently, it is estimated that RNG production in the United States can only cover about 1 of the US heavy and medium-duty vehicles fuel market. RNG production is projected to triple by 2027, increasing the RNG industry share to as much as 2.5 . Although it is likely utilities and other consumers will compete with the vehicle fuel market to acquire such RNG, we believe there is adequate potential to continue placing RNG volumes into the transportation market. The legislated D3 RIN requirements are many multiples of current industry production. The EPA sets an RVO each year 
 9 

generally in excess of what the industry is expected to produce but well below the statutory requirement. The EPA has sharply increased the required volume of the D3 RINS in recent years, with the current D3 RIN RVO level encouraging growth in the industry. 
 
 Economic Benefits Incentivize Switching to RNG 
 
 RNG vehicles, especially heavy and medium-duty commercial vehicles, not only have a lower cost of ownership than similar vehicles running on diesel, they also have a lower cost of ownership than their renewable energy peers, especially hydrogen and battery electric vehicles, assuming expected D3 RINs and LCFS pricing. This comparative advantage creates significant economic incentives for heavy and medium-duty commercial vehicle owners to favor RNG. 
 
 Our Projects 
 
 As of the date of this report, we owned and operated 25 projects, seven of which are RNG projects and 18 of which are Renewable Power Projects. As of that date, our RNG projects in operation had a design capacity of 3.9 million MMBtus per year and our Renewable Power Projects in operation had a nameplate capacity of 118.6 MW per hour. In addition to these projects in operation, we are actively pursuing expansion of our RNG-generating capacity and, accordingly, have a portfolio of RNG projects in construction or in development, with four of our current Renewable Power Projects being considered candidates for conversion to RNG projects in the foreseeable future. 

Below is a table setting forth the RNG projects in operation and construction in our portfolio: 
 
 Design capacity (MMbtus per year) (1) 
 Source of bio gas Ownership (2) 
 RNG projects in operation: Greentree 1,061,712 LFG 100 Imperial 1,061,712 LFG 100 New River 663,570 LFG 100 Noble Road (3) 
 464,499 LFG 50 Biotown (3) 
 48,573 Dairy 10 Pine Bend (3) 
 424,685 LFG 50 Sunoma 192,350 Dairy 90 Sub total 3,917,101 RNG projects in construction: Prince William 1,725,282 LFG 100 Hilltop 255,500 Dairy 100 Vander Schaaf 255,500 Dairy 100 Emerald 1,327,140 LFG 50 Sapphire 796,284 LFG 50 New England 318,514 LFG 100 Sub total 4,678,220 Total 8,595,321 
 
 (1) The Design capacity represents the Company's proportional ownership in the project. Design capacity may not reflect actual production of RNG from the projects, which will depend on many variables including, but not limited to, quantity and quality of the biogas, operational up-time of the facility, and actual productivity of the facility. 
 10 

(2) Certain projects have provisions that will adjust, or flip, the percentage of distributions to be made to us over time, typically triggered by achievement of hurdle rates that are calculated as internal rates of return on capital invested in the project. 
 (3) We record our ownership interests in these projects as equity method investments in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Competition 
 
 Our primary competition is from other companies or solutions for access to biogas from waste. Evolving consumer preferences, regulatory conditions, ongoing waste industry trends, and project economics have a strong effect on the competitive landscape and our relative ability to continue to generate revenues and cash flows. We believe based on (i) our status as one of the largest operators of LFG-to-RNG projects, (ii) our over 20-year track record of operating and developing projects, (iii) our vertically integrated business platform, (iv) our deep relationships with some of the largest landfill owners and (v) our relationships with dairy farms in the country, we are well-positioned to continue to operate and grow its portfolio and respond to competitive pressures. We have demonstrated a track record of strategic flexibility across our over 20-year history which has allowed us to pivot towards projects and markets that we believe deliver optimal returns and shareholder value in response to changes in market, regulatory and competitive pressures. 
 
 The biogas market is heavily fragmented. We believe both our size compared to other LFG companies and our capital structure puts us in a strong position to compete for new project development opportunities or acquisitions of existing projects. However, competition for such opportunities, including the prices being offered for gas supply, will impact the expected profitability of projects, and may make projects unsuitable to pursue. Likewise, prices being offered by our competitors for fuel supply may increase the royalty rates that we pay under our fuel supply agreements when such agreements expire and need to be renewed or when expansion opportunities present themselves at the landfills where our projects currently operate. It is also possible that more landfill owners and dairy farm owners may seek to install their own RNG production facilities on their sites, which would reduce the number of opportunities for us to develop new projects. Our overall size, reputation, access to capital, experience and decades of proven execution on LFG project development and operation position us to compete strongly amongst our industry peers. 
 
 Governmental Regulation 
 
 General 
 
 Each of our projects is subject to federal, state and local air quality, solid waste, and water quality regulations and other permitting requirements. Specific construction and operating permit requirements may differ among states. Specific permits we frequently must obtain when developing our projects include: air permits, nonhazardous waste management permits, pollutant discharge elimination permits, zoning and beneficial use permits. Our existing projects must also maintain compliance with relevant federal, state and local EHS requirements. 
 
 Our RNG projects are subject to federal RFS program regulations, including the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (the EPACT 2005 and EISA. The EPA administers the RFS program with volume requirements for several categories of renewable fuels. The EPA s RFS regulations establish rules for fuel supplied and administer the RIN system for compliance, trading credits and rules for waivers. The EPA calculates a blending standard for each year based on estimates of gasoline usage from the Department of Energy s Energy Information Agency. Separate quotas and blending requirements are determined for cellulosic biofuels, biomass-based diesel, advanced biofuels and total renewable fuel. Further, we are required to register each RNG project with the EPA and relevant state regulatory agencies. We qualify our RINs through a voluntary Quality Assurance Plan, which typically takes from three to five months from first injection of RNG into the commercial pipeline system. Further, we typically make a large investment in the project prior to receiving the regulatory approval and RIN qualification. In addition to registering each RNG project, we are subject to quarterly audits under the Quality Assurance Plan of our projects to validate our qualification. 
 
 Our RNG projects are also subject to state renewable fuel standard regulations. By way of example, the LCFS program in California requires producers of petroleum-based fuels to reduce the CI of their products by at least 10 by 2020 and 20 by 2030 from a 2010 baseline. Petroleum importers, refiners and wholesalers can either develop their own low-carbon fuel products or buy California LCFS credits from other companies that develop and sell low-carbon alternative fuels, such as biofuels, electricity, natural gas or hydrogen. We are subject to a qualification process similar to that for RINs, including verification of CI levels and other requirements that currently exists for LCFS credits in California. 
 11 

The EPA under the Clean Air Act (the CAA regulates emissions of pollutants to protect the environment and public health and contains provisions for New Source Review (the NSR permits and Title V permits. New Biogas Conversion Projects may be required to obtain construction permits under the NSR program. The combustion of biogas results in emissions of carbon monoxide, oxides of nitrogen, sulfur dioxide, volatile organic compounds and particulate matter. The CAA and state and local laws and regulations impose significant monitoring, testing, recordkeeping and reporting requirements for these emissions. Requirements vary for control of these emissions, depending on local air quality. Applicability of the NSR permitting requirements will depend on the level of emissions resulting from the technology used and the project s location. Many Biogas Conversion Projects must obtain operating permits that satisfy Title V of the 1990 CAA Amendments. The operating permit describes the emission limits and operating conditions that a facility must satisfy and specifies the reporting requirements that a facility must meet to show compliance with all applicable air pollution regulations. A Title V operating permit must be renewed every five years. Even when a biogas project does not require a Title V permit, the project may be subject to other federal, state and/or local air quality regulations and permits. 
 
 In addition, our operations and the operations of the landfills at which we operate may be subject to New Source Performance Standards and emissions guidelines, pursuant to the CAA, applicable to municipal solid waste landfills and to oil and gas facilities. Among other things, these regulations are designed to address the emission of methane, a potent GHG, into the atmosphere. 
 
 Before an RNG project can be developed, all the Resource Conservation and Recovery (th e RCRA Subtitle D requirements (requirements for nonhazardous solid waste management) must be satisfied. In particular, methane is explosive in certain concentrations and poses a hazard if it migrates beyond the project boundary. Biogas collection systems must meet RCRA Subtitle D standards for gas control. RNG projects may be subject to other federal, state and local regulations that impose requirements for nonhazardous solid waste management. 
 
 Certain Biogas Conversion Projects may be subject to federal requirements to prepare for and respond to spills or releases from tanks and other equipment located at these projects and provide training to employees on operation, maintenance and discharge prevention procedures and the applicable pollution control laws. At such projects, we may be required to develop spill prevention, control and countermeasure plans to memorialize our preparation and response plans and to update them on a regular basis. 
 
 Our operations may result in liability for hazardous substances or other materials placed into soil or groundwater. Pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 or other federal, state or local laws governing the investigation and cleanup of sites contaminated with hazardous substances, we may be required to investigate and/or remediate soil and groundwater contamination at our projects, contiguous and adjacent properties and other properties owned and/or operated by third parties. 
 
 Additionally, Biogas Conversion Projects may need to obtain National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System permits if wastewater is discharged directly to a receiving water body. If wastewater is discharged to a local sewer system, Biogas Conversion Projects may need to obtain an industrial wastewater permit from a local regulatory authority for discharges to a Publicly Owned Treatment Works. The authority to issue these permits may be delegated to state or local governments by the EPA. The permits, which typically last five years, limit the quantity and concentration of pollutants that may be discharged. Permits may require wastewater treatment or impose other operating conditions to ensure compliance with the limits. In addition, the Clean Water Act and implementing state laws and regulations require individual permits or coverage under general permits for discharges of storm water runoff from certain types of facilities. 
 
 FERC 
 
 FERC regulates the sale of electricity at wholesale and the transmission of electricity in interstate commerce pursuant to its regulatory authority under the Federal Power Act. FERC also regulates certain natural gas transportation and storage facilities and services, and regulates the rates and terms of service for natural gas transportation in interstate commerce under the Natural Gas Act and the Natural Gas Policy Act. 
 
 With respect to electricity transmission and sales, FERC s jurisdiction includes, among other things, authority over the rates, charges and other terms for the sale of electricity at wholesale by public utilities (entities that own or operate projects subject to FERC jurisdiction) and for transmission services. With respect to its regulation of the transmission of electricity, FERC requires transmission providers to provide open access transmission services, which supports the 
 12 

development of competitive markets by assuring nondiscriminatory access to the transmission grid. FERC has also encouraged the formation of RTOs to allow greater access to transmission services and certain competitive wholesale markets administered by ISOs and RTOs. 
 
 In 2005, the U.S. federal government enacted the EPACT 2005 conferring new authority for FERC to act to limit wholesale market power if required and strengthening FERC s civil penalty authority (including the power to assess fines of up to 1.3 million per day per violation, as adjusted due to inflation), and adding certain disclosure requirements. EPACT 2005 also directed FERC to develop regulations to promote the development of transmission infrastructure, which provides incentives for transmitting utilities to serve renewable energy projects and expanded and extended the availability of U.S. federal tax credits to a variety of renewable energy technologies, including wind power. EPACT 2005 s market conduct, penalty and enforcement provisions also apply to fraud and certain other misconduct in the natural gas sector. 
 
 Qualifying Facilities 
 
 The Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act established a class of generating facilities that would receive special rate and regulatory treatment, termed QFs. There are two categories of QFs: qualifying small power production facilities and qualifying cogeneration facilities. A small power production facility is a generating facility of 80 MW or less whose primary energy source is hydro, wind, solar, biomass, waste, or geothermal. A cogeneration facility is a generating facility that produces electricity and another form of useful thermal energy (such as heat or steam) in a way that is more efficient than the separate production of both forms of energy. QFs are generally subject to reduced regulatory requirements. Small power production facilities up to 20 MW and eligible facilities as defined by section 3(17)(E) of the Federal Power Act are exempt from rate regulation under Sections 205 and 206 of the Federal Power Act. 
 
 In addition, PUHCA provides FERC and state regulatory commissions with access to the books and records of holding companies and other companies in holding company systems. It also provides for the review of certain costs. Companies that are holding companies under PUHCA solely with respect to one or more exempt wholesale generators, certain QFs or foreign utility companies are exempt from these PUHCA books and records requirements. 
 
 State Utility Regulation 
 
 While federal law provides the utility regulatory framework for our sales of electricity at wholesale in interstate commerce, there are also important areas in which state regulatory control over traditional public utilities that fall under state jurisdiction may have an effect on our projects. For example, the regulated electricity utility buyers of electricity from our projects are generally required to seek state public utility commission approval for the pass through in retail rates of costs associated with PPAs entered into with a wholesale seller. Certain states, such as New York, regulate the acquisition, divestiture, and transfer of some wholesale power projects and financing activities by the owners of such projects. California, which is one of our markets, requires compliance with certain operations and maintenance reporting requirements for wholesale generators. In addition, states and other local agencies require a variety of environmental and other permits. 
 
 State law governs whether an independent generator or power marketer can sell retail electricity in that state, and whether gas can be sold by an entity other than a traditional, state-franchised gas utility. Some states, such as Florida, prohibit most sales of retail electricity except by the state s franchised utilities. In other states, such as New Jersey and Pennsylvania, an independent generator may sometimes sell retail electricity power to a co-located or adjacent business customer, and a gas supplier can sometimes make on-premises or adjacent-premises gas deliveries to a single plant or customer. Some states, such as Massachusetts and New York, permit retail power and gas marketers to use the facilities of the state s franchised utilities to sell power and/or gas to retail customers as competitors of the utilities. 
 
 RNG Production and Sale 
 
 Our projects typically convert biogas to RNG for sale as a fuel product. FERC regulates the natural gas pipelines that transport gas in interstate commerce, and specifies or approves a gas pipeline s tariff that sets the rates, terms and conditions, gas quality, and other requirements applicable to transportation of natural gas on the pipelines, including shipping RNG. Our sites are not permitted, and may not be physically able, to deliver RNG to a FERC-regulated pipeline unless the pipeline s receipt of the gas is consistent with the standards adopted in the pipeline s FERC tariff. State regulators determine whether RNG may be purchased by the state s local gas utilities, and whether a site operator may directly sell gas to a retail, or direct end-use, customer. Purely local gas sales not utilizing FERC-regulated or certificated facilities are typically not subject to FERC gas regulation. The local distribution of gas to end-use customers by a state- 
 13 

regulated gas utility is also typically outside the scope of FERC s gas regulatory jurisdiction. The opening and operation of a landfill or dairy farm that is expected to produce gas does not ordinarily require a FERC certificate or the acceptance by FERC of a gas tariff. 
 
 Future Regulations 
 
 The regulations that are applicable to our projects vary according to the type of energy being produced and the jurisdiction of the facility. As part of our growth strategy, we are looking to grow by pursuing development and acquisition opportunities. Such opportunities may exist in jurisdictions where we have no current operations and, as such, we may become exposed to different regulations for which we have no experience. Some states periodically revisit their regulation of electricity and gas sales. Other states, such as South Carolina and Florida, have adhered to traditional exclusive franchise practices, and in these and other states most electricity and gas customers may receive service only from a utility that holds an exclusive geographic franchise to provide service at that customer s location. In some states that have experienced energy price hikes or market volatility, such as New York, Texas and California, investments in expanding facilities or buying or building additional facilities may be subject to changing regulatory requirements that may encourage competitive market entry. 
 
 Effect of Existing or Probable Government Regulations on Our Business 
 
 Our business is affected by numerous laws and regulations on the international, federal, state and local levels, including energy, environmental, conservation, tax and other laws and regulations relating to our industry. Failure to comply with any laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the imposition of injunctive relief or both. Moreover, changes in any of these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business. In view of the many uncertainties with respect to current and future laws and regulations, including their applicability to us, we cannot predict the overall effect of such laws and regulations on our future operations. 
 
 We believe our operations comply in all material respect with applicable laws and regulations and that the existence and enforcement of such laws and regulations have no more restrictive an effect on our operations than on other similar companies in our industry. We do not anticipate any material capital expenditures to comply with international, federal and state environmental requirements. See Business Legal Proceedings. 
 
 Facilities 
 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in White Plains, New York, where we occupy approximately 13,600 square feet of shared office space with an affiliate of Fortistar pursuant to an Administrative Services Agreement. We believe this office space is adequate for our needs for the immediate future and that, should it be necessary, we can lease additional space to accommodate any future growth. 
 
 Our services office and maintenance facility is located in Oronoco, Minnesota, where we own and occupy a 20,000 square foot building of combined office space, maintenance shop and loading dock located on 3.25 acres. The building was acquired in September 2018 and is adequate for our needs for the immediate future. Should it be necessary, we believe we can expand the building to accommodate future growth. 
 
 Our construction office and maintenance facility is located in Rancho Cucamonga, California, where we occupy approximately 29,935 square feet of combined office space, maintenance shop and loading dock. In March, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to the lease which extended the lease term till January 2026. We believe the space that we currently lease is adequate for our needs for the immediate future but we will likely seek additional space during the course of 2023 to accommodate future growth, which we believe will be available to us on satisfactory terms. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, OPAL had approximately 298 full-time employees, all of whom are located in the United States. Our employee work force consists of field operations personnel as well as office-based employees. None of our employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement or a labor union and we believe we have a good relationship with our employees. We value a diverse workforce. We are committed to a culture of integrity, inclusivity, and excellence. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer in our hiring and promoting practices, benefits and wages. 
 14 

Our values 
 
 SAFETY - Passion for safety 
 INTEGRITY - Straightforward, open and honest 
 RELATIONSHIPS - Engaging all stakeholders 
 EXCELLENCE - Quality and creativity 
 
 Talent management and leadership 
 
 We take a systemic approach to hiring, training and developing our employees based on our code of ethics. This includes creating individual goals based on company priorities and providing employees periodic feedback in order to assess individual performance. We have developed internal promoting practices based on objective annual performance evaluations, encouraging employees to develop within their chosen career path and providing necessary professional trainings as needed. 
 
 Human rights, health and safety 
 
 Safety, including the health of our employees is one of our values and we perform all of our operations with safety in mind. We maintain and update our safety manual for all field personnel on an annual basis and conduct safety training sessions to all of our employees on a regular basis. We encourage near miss reporting from all of our employees so that we can take preventative steps before the accidents occur. 
 
 We continuously strive to provide a secure working environment for both our office-based and field operations personnel. During COVID-19, we have taken extraordinary measures to protect the health of our employees by allowing them to work from home. We took measures to adapt all of our office to the new safety precautions to include social distancing guidelines as well as ensuring mask wearing compliance when required. We continued our focus in 2022 on keeping our employees and their families safe from COVID-19 through a variety of workplace health and safety measures, including providing hybrid working schedule, required mask compliance per the local health guidelines, quarantined and contact traced employees, deployed hand sanitizer machines and strongly encouraged all employees to get vaccinated against COVID-19. We offer free COVID-19 test kits to our employees. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Our website can be found at www.opalfuels.com. We make available, free of charge through our website, our Annual Report on Form 10 K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q, Current Reports on Form 8 K, our proxy statement, our Registration Statements and Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed on behalf of directors and executive officers, and amendments to these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the SEC. We are not including the information contained on our website or any other website as a part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10 K or any other filing we make with the SEC. The filings are also available through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Our Board of Directors (the Board has documented its governance practices by adopting several corporate governance policies. These governance policies, including our Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as well as the charter for the Audit Committee of the Board may also be viewed on our website. Copies of such documents will be provided to stockholders without charge upon written request to the corporate secretary at the address shown on the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10 K. 
 15 

Glossary of Terms 
 The following are definitions of terms used in this Form 10-K. 
 
 ArcLight refers to ArcLight Clean Transaction Corp. II, a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempt company, and our previous name prior to the Closing. 
 
 Ares refers to ARRC Beacon LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 
 BCA or Business Combination Agreement refers to the Business Combination Agreement dated as of December 2, 2021 (as the same has been or may be amended, modified, supplemented or waived from time to time), by and among ArcLight, OPAL Fuels and OPAL Holdco. 
 
 Business Combination refers to the transaction contemplated by the BCA. 
 
 Bylaws refers to the bylaws of OPAL. 
 
 Charter refers to certificate of incorporation of OPAL. 
 
 Class A common stock refers to the shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of OPAL. 
 
 Class A Units refers to the Class A Units as defined in the Second A R LLC Agreement. 
 
 Class B common stock refers to the shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of OPAL. 
 
 Class B Units refers to the Class B Units as defined in the Second A R LLC Agreement. 
 
 Class C common stock refers to the shares of Class C common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of OPAL. 
 
 Class D common stock refers to the shares of Class D common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of OPAL. 
 
 Closing refers to the closing of the Business Combination. 
 
 Closing Date refers to July 21, 2022. 
 
 Company , we , our , us or similar terms refers to OPAL Fuels Inc. individually or on a consolidated basis, as the context may require. 
 
 Exchange Act refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 FASB refers to the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
 
 Fortistar refers to Fortistar LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 
 Fueling Stations refers to facilities where (i) natural gas is dispensed into fuel tanks of vehicles for use as transportation fuel, and (ii) transactional data from the dispensing of the fuel is recorded so that Environmental Attributes can be subsequently reported, matched with the dispensed fuel to the extent sourced from RNG, and generated under the federal or state RFS or LCFS programs and other current and potential future programs aimed at providing support for RNG into the transportation market. At the Fueling Stations, the natural gas is pressurized using compressor systems and, in this state, is referred to as CNG. Because Environmental Attributes associated with RNG are nominated/assigned to the physical quantity of CNG dispensed at the Fueling Station, when the CNG is dispensed into to fuel tanks for use as transportation fuel and subsequently reported to the EPA and/or state environmental agency and matched with the production of RNG, the respective RINs and LCFS credits are generated. Some of these stations are designed, developed, constructed, operated and maintained by us while others are third party stations where we may only provide maintenance services. 
 
 Hillman refers to Hillman RNG Investments, LLC, an affiliate of Fortistar, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 16 

Investment Company Act refers to the Investment Company Act of 1940 , as amended. 
 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act refers to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Securities Act refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 Sponsor refers to ArcLight CTC Holdings II, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership. 
 
 Tax Receivable Agreement refers to the Tax Receivable Agreement, dated July 21, 2022, by and among OPAL Fuels Inc, Opal Holdco LLC and the Parties named therein as included in Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 29, 2021, as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented or waived from time to time in accordance with its terms. 
 
 In addition, the following is a glossary of key industry terms used herein: 
 
 ADG refers to anaerobic digester gas. 
 
 Advanced Clean Trucks Regulation refers to the rules adopted by the California Air Resources Board on June 25, 2020 requiring the sale of zero-emission heavy-duty trucks. 
 
 Biogas Conversion Projects refers to projects derived from the recovery and processing of biogas from landfills and other non-fossil fuel sources, such as livestock and dairy farms, for beneficial use as a replacement to fossil fuels. 
 
 Btu refers to British thermal units. 
 
 CARB refers to the California Air Resources Board. 
 
 CI refers to carbon intensity. 
 
 CNG refers to compressed natural gas. 
 
 CO 2 refers to carbon dioxide. 
 
 D3 refers to cellulosic biofuel with a 60 GHG reduction requirement. 
 
 EHS refers to environment, health and safety. 
 
 EISA refers to Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007. 
 
 Environmental Attributes refer to federal, state and local government incentives in the United States, provided in the form of RINs, RECs, LCFS credits, rebates, tax credits and other incentives to end users, distributors, system integrators and manufacturers of renewable energy projects, that promote the use of renewable energy. 
 
 EPA refers to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. 
 
 EPACT 2005 refers to the Energy Policy Act of 2005. 
 
 FERC refers to the U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. 
 
 GHG refers to greenhouse gases. 
 
 ISOs refers to independent system operators. 
 
 LCFS refers to Low Carbon Fuel Standard or similar types of federal and state programs. 
 
 LFG refers to landfill gas. 
 
 MBR Authority refers to (a) authorization by FERC pursuant to the Federal Power Act to sell electric energy, capacity and/or ancillary services at market-based rates, (b) acceptance by FERC of a tariff providing for such sales, and (c) granting by FERC of such regulatory waivers and blanket authorizations as are customarily granted by FERC to holders 
 17 

of market-based rate authority, including blanket authorization under section 204 of the Federal Power Act to issue securities and assume liabilities. 
 
 Obligated Parties means refiners or importers of gasoline or diesel fuel under the RFS program. 
 
 QFs refers to qualifying small power production facilities under the Federal Power Act and the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978, as amended 
 
 RECs refers to renewable energy credits. 
 
 Renewable Power refers to electricity generated from renewable sources. 
 
 RFS refers to the EPA s Renewable Fuel Standard. 
 
 RINs refers to Renewable Identification Numbers. 
 
 RNG refers to renewable natural gas. 
 
 RPS refers to Renewable Portfolio Standards. 
 
 RTOs refers to regional transmission organizations. 
 
 RVOs refers to renewable volume obligations. 
 
 September 2020 Executive Order refers to Executive Order N-79-20 issued by the Governor of the State of California in September 2020. 
 18 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 Risks Related to Our Third Party Relationships and Government Regulation of Our Business 
 
 We are dependent on contractual arrangements with, and the cooperation of, owners and operators of biogas project sites where our Biogas Conversion Projects are located for the underlying biogas rights granted to us in connection with our Biogas Conversion Projects and for access to and operations on the biogas project sites where we utilize those underlying biogas rights. 
 
 We do not own any of the landfill or livestock waste sites, which we sometimes refer to in this report as biogas project sites, from which our Biogas Conversion Projects collect biogas or on which we operate and manage our Biogas Conversion Projects, and therefore we depend on contractual relationships with, and the cooperation of, the biogas conversion project site owners and operators for our operations. The invalidity of, or any default or termination under, any of our gas rights agreements, leases, easements, licenses and rights-of-way may interfere with our rights to the underlying biogas and our ability to use and operate all or a portion of certain of our Biogas Conversion Projects facilities, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We obtain biogas rights to utilize the biogas and the biogas project sites on which our projects operate under contractual arrangements, with the associated biogas rights generally being for fixed terms of 20 years (or more) and certain additional renewal options. The gas rights associated with our 30 projects in operation or under construction, 3 of which include Renewable Power projects that are in construction to be converted to RNG, are due to expire at varying points over the next 25 years. See Business Our Projects. In addition, the biogas rights are typically specific to the right to produce electricity generated from Renewable Power or RNG; and accordingly, when we pursue conversion of a project from the production of Renewable Power to the production of RNG, which has been part of our strategy over recent periods, we must secure the associated biogas rights for the production of RNG. While we have generally been successful in renewing biogas rights and in securing the additional rights necessary in connection with conversion from production of Renewable Power to RNG on specific projects, we cannot guarantee that this success will continue in the future on commercial terms that are attractive to us or at all, and any failure to do so, or any other disruption in the relationship with any of the biogas conversion project site owners and operators from whose biogas project sites our Biogas Conversion Projects obtain biogas or for whom we operate biogas facilities, may have a material adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition and operational results. 
 
 In addition, the ownership interests in the land subject to these licenses, easements, leases and rights-of-way may be subject to mortgages securing loans or other liens (such as tax liens) and other easements, lease rights and rights-of-way of third parties (such as leases of mineral rights). As a result, certain of our Biogas Conversion Projects rights under these licenses, easements, leases or rights-of-way may be subject, and subordinate, to the rights of those third parties in certain instances. We may not be able to protect our operating projects against all risks of loss of our rights to use the land on which our Biogas Conversion Projects are located, and any such loss or curtailment of our rights to use the land on which our projects are located and any increase in rent due on such lands could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The owners and operators of biogas project sites generally make no warranties to us as to the quality or quantity of gas produced. 
 
 The biogas conversion project site owners and operators generally do not make any representation or warranty to us as to the quality or quantity of biogas produced at their sites. Accordingly, we may be affected by operational issues encountered by biogas conversion project site owners and operators in operating their facilities, such as, among other things: (i) their ability to perform in accordance with their commitments to third parties (other than us) under agreements and permits; (ii) transportation of source materials, (iii) herd health and labor issues at the dairy farms generating the manure to be processed at our digester facilities; (iv) gas collection issues at landfill projects such as broken pipes, ground water accumulation, inadequate land cover and labor issues, and (v) the particular character and mix of trash received, at the biogas conversion project site facilities. We cannot guarantee that our production will be free from operational risks, nor can we guarantee the production of a sufficient quantity and quality of biogas from the owners and operators of biogas conversion project sites. However, our facilities are engineered and designed to process varying levels of biogas quantities and varying levels of potential biogas impurities. 
 
 We from time to time face disputes or disagreements with owners and operators of biogas project sites which could materially impact our ability to continue to develop and/or operate an existing Biogas Conversion Project on its 
 19 

current basis, or at all, and could materially delay or eliminate our ability to identify and successfully secure the rights to construct and operate other future Biogas Conversion Projects. 
 
 The success of our business depends, in part, on maintaining good relationships with biogas conversion project site owners and operators. As a result, our business may be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain these relationships. 
 
 Our economic interests in biogas conversion project sites are not always aligned with the economic interests of the site owners and operators. We may disagree with owners and operators about a number of concerns, including, without limitation, the operations of the biogas project sites, easement and access rights, the renewal of gas and manure rights on favorable terms, and temporary shutdowns for routine maintenance or equipment upgrades. Biogas conversion project site owners and operators may make unilateral decisions beneficial to them to address business concerns. They may or may not consult with us, including in circumstances where they have a contractual obligation to do so, and unilateral decisions made by the biogas conversion project site owners and operators regarding the operations or management of their business could impact our ability to produce RNG or Renewable Power, and generate the associated Environmental Attributes. If we have a favorable relationship with site owners and operators, we may be able to mitigate certain risks if given the opportunity to provide input into the owners and operators decision-making process. 
 
 In addition, the financial condition of the biogas conversion project sites may be affected in large part by conditions and events that are beyond our control. Significant deterioration in the financial condition of any biogas conversion project waste site could cause the biogas conversion project site owners and operators to unilaterally decide to shut down or reduce their landfill or livestock waste operations. Any such closure or reduction of operations at a waste site could impact our ability to produce RNG or Renewable Power, and generate the associated Environmental Attributes, and we may not have an opportunity to propose a solution to protect our infrastructure in any existing Biogas Conversion Project. 
 
 If we are unable to maintain good relationships with these site owners and operators, or if they take any actions that disrupt or halt production of RNG or Renewable Power, our business, growth strategy, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 For the U.S. transportation fuel market, we are dependent on the production of vehicles and engines capable of running on natural gas and we have no control over these vehicle and engine manufacturers. We are also dependent on the willingness of owners of truck fleets to adopt natural gas powered vehicles and to contract with us for the provision of CNG to said fleets. 
 
 Vehicle and engine manufacturers control the development, production, quality assurance, cost and sales and marketing of their products, all of which shape the performance, availability and reputation of such vehicles in the marketplace. We are dependent on these vehicle and engine manufacturers to succeed in our target RNG fuel dispensing markets, and we have no influence or control over their activities. 
 
 These vehicle and engine manufacturers may decide not to expand or maintain, or may decide to discontinue or curtail, their product lines for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, as a result of the adoption of governmental policies or programs such as the rules adopted by the California Air Resources Board on June 25, 2020 requiring the sale of zero-emission heavy-duty trucks (the Advanced Clean Trucks Regulation and Executive Order N-79-20 issued by the Governor of the State of California in September 2020 (the September 2020 Executive Order ). The supply of engines or vehicle product lines by these vehicle and engine manufacturers may also be disrupted due to delays, restrictions or other business impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic and supply chain disruptions or crises. The limited production of engines and vehicles that run on natural gas increases their cost and limits availability, which restricts large-scale adoption, and may reduce resale value. These factors may also contribute to operator reluctance to convert their vehicles to be compatible with natural gas fuel. 
 
 Failure of third parties to manufacture quality products or provide reliable services in a timely manner could cause delays in developing, constructing, bringing online and operating our Biogas Conversion Projects and Fueling Stations, which could damage our reputation, adversely affect our partner relationships or adversely affect our growth. 
 
 20 

Our success depends on our ability to design, develop, construct, maintain and operate Biogas Conversion Projects and Fueling Stations in a timely manner, which depends in part on the ability of third parties to provide us with timely and reliable products and services. In developing and operating our Biogas Conversion Projects and Fueling Stations, we rely on products meeting our design specifications and components manufactured and supplied by third parties, and on services performed by our subcontractors. We also rely on subcontractors to perform some of the construction and installation work related to our Biogas Conversion Projects and Fueling Stations, and we sometimes need to engage subcontractors with whom we have no prior experience in connection with these matters. 
 
 If our subcontractors are unable to provide services that meet or exceed our counterparties expectations or satisfy our contractual commitments, our reputation, business and operating results could be harmed. In addition, if we are unable to avail ourselves of warranties and other contractual protections with our suppliers and service providers, we may incur liability to our counterparties or additional costs related to the affected products and services, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, any delays, malfunctions, inefficiencies or interruptions in these products or services could adversely affect our ability to timely bring a project online, the quality and performance of our Biogas Conversion Projects and Fueling Stations, and may require considerable expense to find replacement products and to maintain and repair these facilities. These circumstances could cause us to experience interruption in (i) our production and distribution of RNG and Renewable Power, (ii) generation of related Environmental Attributes, (iii) meeting our obligations to dispense RNG at Fueling Stations, and (iv) maintaining current relationships and attracting new relationships, in each case, potentially harming our brand, reputation and growth prospects. 
 
 Our operations are subject to numerous stringent EHS laws and regulations that may expose us to significant costs and liabilities. From time to time, we have been issued notices of violations from government entities that our operations have failed to comply with such laws and regulations, particularly in regards to the operation of our LFG electric generating facilities. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations may result in the assessment of sanctions, including administrative, civil or criminal penalties, the imposition of investigatory or remedial obligations, and the issuance of orders limiting or prohibiting some or all of our operations. 
 
 Our operations are subject to stringent and complex federal, state and local EHS laws and regulations, including those relating to (i) the release, emission or discharge of materials into the air, water and ground, (ii) the generation, storage, handling, use, transportation and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, and (iii) the health and safety of our employees and other persons. 
 
 These laws and regulations impose numerous obligations applicable to our operations, including (i) the acquisition of permits before construction and operation of our Biogas Conversion Projects and Fueling Stations; (ii) the restriction of types, quantities and concentration of materials that can be released into the environment; (iii) the limitation or prohibition of our activities on certain lands lying within wilderness, wetlands and other protected areas; (iv) the application of specific health and safety criteria addressing worker protection; and (v) the imposition of substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from the operation of our Biogas Conversion Projects and Fueling Stations. In addition, construction and operating permits issued pursuant to environmental laws are necessary to operate our business. Such permits are obtained through applications that require considerable technical documentation and analysis, and sometimes require long time periods to obtain or review. Delays in obtaining or renewing such permits, or denial of such permits and renewals, are possible, and would have a negative effect on our financial performance and prospects for growth. These laws, regulations and permitting requirements can necessitate expensive pollution control equipment or operational changes to limit actual or potential impacts to the environment. 
 
 Our operations inherently risk incurring significant environmental costs and liabilities due to the need to manage waste and emissions from our Biogas Conversion Projects and Fueling Stations. Spills or other releases of regulated substances, including spills and releases that may occur in the future, could expose us to material losses, expenditures and liabilities under applicable environmental laws, rules and regulations. Under certain of such laws, rules and regulations, we could be held strictly liable for the removal or remediation of previously released materials or property contamination, regardless of whether we were responsible for the release or contamination and even if our operations met previous standards in the industry at the time they were conducted. In connection with certain acquisitions of Biogas Conversion Projects and Fueling Stations, we could acquire, or be required to provide indemnification against, environmental liabilities that could expose us to material losses. In addition, claims for damages to persons or property, including natural resources, may result from the EHS impacts of our operations. Our insurance may not cover all environmental risks and costs or may not provide sufficient coverage if an environmental claim is made against us. 
 21 

Environmental laws, rules and regulations have changed rapidly in recent years and generally have become more stringent over time, and we expect this trend to continue. The most material of these changes relate to the control of air emissions from the combustion equipment and turbine engines we use to generate Renewable Power from landfill biogas. Such equipment, including internal combustion engines, are subject to stringent federal and state permitting and air emissions requirements. California has taken an aggressive approach to setting standards for engine emissions, and standards already in place have caused us to not be able to operate some of our electric generating equipment in areas of that state. If other states were to follow California s lead, we could face challenges in maintaining our electric generating operations and possibly, other operations in such jurisdictions. 
 
 Continued governmental and public emphasis on environmental issues can be expected to result in increased future investments for environmental control compliance at our facilities. Present and future environmental laws, rules and regulations, and interpretations of such laws, rules and regulations, applicable to our operations, more vigorous enforcement policies and discovery of currently unknown conditions may require substantial costs or expenditures that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In January 2021, the current US presidential administration signed multiple executive orders related to the climate and environment. These executive orders (i) direct federal agencies to review and reverse more than one hundred actions taken by the previous US presidential administration on or relating to the environment, (ii) instruct the Director of National Intelligence to prepare a national intelligence estimate on the security implications of the climate crisis and direct all agencies to develop strategies for integrating climate considerations into their international work, (iii) establish the National Climate Task Force, which assembles leaders from across twenty one federal agencies and departments, (iv) commit to environmental justice and new, clean infrastructure projects, (v) commence development of emissions reduction targets and (vi) establish the special presidential envoy for climate on the National Security Council. At this time, we cannot predict the outcome of any of these executive orders on our operations. 
 
 Existing, and future changes to, federal, state and local regulations and policies, including permitting requirements applicable to us, and enactment of new regulations and policies, may present technical, regulatory and economic barriers to the generation, purchase and use of Renewable Power and RNG, and may adversely affect the market for the associated Environmental Attributes. A failure on our part to comply with any laws, regulations or rules, applicable to us may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 
 
 The markets for Renewable Power, RNG and the associated Environmental Attributes are influenced by US federal and state governmental regulations and policies concerning such resources. These regulations and policies are frequently modified, which could result in a significant future reduction in the potential demand for Renewable Power, RNG and the associated Environmental Attributes. Any new governmental regulations applicable to our Biogas Conversion Projects or markets for Renewable Power, RNG or the associated Environmental Attributes may result in significant additional expenses or related development costs and, as a result, could cause a significant reduction in demand by our current and future counterparties. Failure to comply with such requirements could result in (i) the disconnection and/or shutdown of the non-complying facility, (ii) our inability to sell Renewable Power or RNG from the non-complying facility, (iii) penalties and defaults arising from contracts that we have that contemplate production from the non-complying facility, (iv) the imposition of liens, fines, refunds and interest, and/or civil or criminal liability, and (v) delay or prevent new Biogas Conversion Projects and Fueling Stations from being developed. 
 
 The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA annually sets proposed and actual RVOs for the Renewable Identification Numbers RIN market in accordance with the mandates established by EISA. The EPA s issuance of timely and sufficient annual RVOs to accommodate the RNG industry s growing production levels may be needed to stabilize the RIN market. There can be no assurance that the EPA will timely set annual RVOs or that the RVOs will continue to increase or be sufficient to satisfy the growing supply of RNG which may be targeted for the US transportation fuel market. The EPA may set RVOs inaccurately or inconsistently, and the manner in which the EPA sets RVOs may change under legislative or regulatory revisions. The current authorization for the EPA s issuance of RVOs will expire beginning in 2023, and the EPA may issue RVOs under a modified system that has yet to be developed, which creates additional uncertainty as to RIN pricing. Uncertainty as to how the Renewable Fuel Standard RFS program will continue to be administered and supported by the EPA under the current US presidential administration can create price volatility in the RIN market. Given this regulatory uncertainty, we cannot assure that (i) we will be able to monetize RINs at the same price levels as we have in the past, (ii) production shortfalls will not impact our ability to monetize RINs at favorable current pricing, and (iii) the price environment for RINs will be favorable to us. 
 22 

On the state level, the economics of RNG are enhanced by low-carbon fuel initiatives, particularly a well-established LCFS program in California and similar developing programs in Oregon and Washington (with several other states also actively considering similar initiatives). In California s case, in 2009, the California Air Resource Board CARB adopted LCFS regulations aimed at reducing the CI of transportation fuel sold and purchased in the state. A CI score is calculated as grams of CO equivalent per megajoule of energy by the fuel. Under the California and California-type LCFS programs, the CI score is dependent upon a full lifecycle analysis that evaluates the GHG emissions associated with producing, transporting, and consuming the fuel. LCFS credits can be generated in three ways: (i) fuel pathway crediting that provides low carbon fuels used in California transportation, (ii) project-based crediting that reduces GHG emissions in the petroleum supply chain, and (iii) zero emission vehicle crediting that supports the build out of infrastructure. CARB awards these credits to RNG projects based on such project s CI score relative to the targeted CI score for both gasoline and diesel fuels. The number of monetizable LCFS credits per unit of fuel increases with a lower CI score. We cannot assure that we will be able to maintain or reduce our CI score to monetize LCFS credits generated from our Biogas Conversion Projects. Moreover, the inability to sell LCFS credits or to sell at unattractive prices could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our ability to generate revenue from sales of RINs and LCFS credits depends on our strict compliance with such federal and state programs, which are complex and can involve a significant degree of judgment. If the agencies that administer and enforce these programs disagree with our judgments, otherwise determine that we are not in compliance, conduct reviews of our activities or make changes to the programs, then our ability to generate or sell these credits could be temporarily restricted pending completion of reviews or as a penalty, permanently limited or lost entirely, and we could also be subject to fines or other sanctions. Moreover, the inability to sell RINs and LCFS credits in general, or at unattractive prices, could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Additionally, our business is influenced by laws, rules and regulations that require reductions in carbon emissions and/or the use of renewable fuels, such as the programs under which we generate environmental credits. These programs and regulations, which have the effect of encouraging the use of RNG as a vehicle fuel, could expire or be repealed or amended for a variety of reasons. For example, parties with an interest in gasoline and diesel, electric or other alternative vehicles or vehicle fuels, including lawmakers, regulators, policymakers, environmental or advocacy organizations, producers of alternative vehicles or vehicle fuels or other powerful groups, may invest significant time and money in efforts to delay, repeal or otherwise negatively influence programs and regulations that promote RNG. Many of these parties have substantial resources and influence. Further, changes in federal, state or local political, social or economic conditions, including a lack of legislative focus on these programs and regulations, could result in their modification, delayed adoption or repeal. Any failure to adopt, delay in implementing, expiration, repeal or modification of these programs and regulations, or the adoption of any programs or regulations that encourage the use of other alternative fuels or alternative vehicles over RNG, could reduce the market demand for RNG as a vehicle fuel and harm our operating results, liquidity, and financial condition. 
 
 For instance, in certain states, including California, lawmakers and regulators have implemented various measures designed to increase the use of electric, hydrogen and other zero-emission vehicles, including establishing firm goals for the number of these vehicles operating on state roads by specified dates and enacting various laws and other programs in support of these goals. Although the influence and applicability of these or similar measures on our business remains uncertain, a focus on zero tailpipe emissions vehicles over vehicles such as those operating on RNG that have an overall net carbon negative emissions profile, but some tailpipe emissions, could adversely affect the market for our fuels. 
 
 New laws, changes to existing laws, new interpretations of existing laws, increased governmental enforcement of environmental laws or other developments could require us to make significant additional expenditures. Continued government and public emphasis on environmental issues can be expected to result in increased future investments for environmental controls at our plants. Present and future environmental laws and regulations, and interpretations of those laws and regulations, applicable to our operations, more vigorous enforcement policies and discovery of currently unknown conditions may require substantial expenditures that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In January 2021, President Biden issued an executive order directing all federal agencies to review and take action to address any federal regulations, orders, guidance documents, policies, and any similar agency actions promulgated during the prior administration that may be inconsistent with the current 
 administration s policies and to address climate change. The federal agencies review of previous agency actions remain ongoing. In January 2021, President Biden also issued an executive order solely targeting climate change. Pursuant to these executive orders, on February 19, 2021 the United States formally rejoined the Paris Climate 
 23 

Agreement, an international treaty that provides for the cutting of carbon emissions every five years, beginning in 2023. In August 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act, which includes incentives for development and production of renewable energy. These incentives include grants, loan guaranties, development funding, investment tax credits, and production tax credits. At this time, we cannot predict the outcome of any of these executive actions on our operations. 
 
 All of our current electric generating facilities are qualifying small power production facilities QFs under the Federal Power Act and the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978, as amended. We are permitted to make wholesale sales (that is, sales for resale) of renewable electricity, capacity, and ancillary services from our QFs with a net generating capacity that does not exceed 20 megawatts or that is an eligible facility as defined by section 3(17)(E) of the Federal Power Act without obtaining (a) authorization by FERC pursuant to the Federal Power Act to sell electric energy, capacity and/or ancillary services at market-based rates, (b) acceptance by FERC of a tariff providing for such sales, and (c) granting by FERC of such regulatory waivers and blanket authorizations as are customarily granted by FERC to holders of market-based rate authority, including blanket authorization under section 204 of the Federal Power Act to issue securities and assume liabilities MBR Authority or any other approval from the U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FERC ). A QF typically may not use any fuel other than a FERC-approved alternative fuel, but for limited use of commercial-grade fuel for certain specified start-up, emergency and reliability purposes. We are required to document the QF status of each of our facilities in applications or self-certifications filed with FERC, which typically requires disclosure of upstream facility ownership, fuel and size characteristics, power sales, interconnection matters, and related technical disclosures Congress could amend the Federal Power Act and eliminate QF status, in which case we would likely have to obtain MBR Authority and sell competitively in the market. If this were to happen, in all likelihood our QFs would not be competitive in the market place. 
 
 We currently do not intend to develop, construct or operate electric generating facilities that would require us to apply for and receive MBR Authority from FERC. Nevertheless, were we to do so, eligibility for MBR Authority is predicated on a variety of factors, primarily including the overall market power that the power seller together with all of its FERC-defined affiliates has in the relevant market. FERC defines affiliates as entities with a common parent that own, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting securities in the two entities. Accordingly, our eligibility and the eligibility of our affiliates to obtain and maintain MBR Authority for additional facilities, were we or such affiliate required to obtain such authority, would require an evaluation of the energy assets owned directly or indirectly by us and each of our affiliates, satisfying market-power limitations established by FERC. If our affiliates invest heavily in generating or other electric facilities in a particular geographic market, their market presence could make it difficult for us or our affiliates to obtain and maintain such MBR Authority, or to secure FERC authorization to acquire additional generating facilities, in that market. 
 
 Our market-based sales are subject to certain market behavior rules established by FERC, and if any of our Biogas Conversion Projects that generate Renewable Power are deemed to have violated such rules, we will be subject to potential disgorgement of profits associated with the violation, penalties, refunds of unlawfully collected amounts with interest, and, if a facility obtains MBR Authority, suspension or revocation of such MBR Authority. If such projects that had MBR Authority were later to lose their MBR Authority, they would be required to obtain FERC s acceptance of a cost-of-service rate schedule and could become subject to the significant accounting, record-keeping, and reporting requirements that are typically imposed on vertically-integrated utilities with cost-based rate schedules. This could have a material adverse effect on the rates we are able to charge for power from our facilities maintaining MBR Authority, if any, that generate Renewable Power. 
 
 The regulatory environment for electric generation has undergone significant changes in the last several years due to federal and state policies affecting wholesale competition and the creation of incentives for the addition of large amounts of new renewable generation and, in some cases, transmission assets. These changes are ongoing, and we cannot predict the future design of the wholesale power markets or the ultimate effect that the changing regulatory environment will have on our business. 
 
 Our biogas conversion project site owners and operators are also subject to extensive federal, state and local regulations and policies, including permitting requirements, on account of their separate operations. Any failure on their part to comply with any laws, regulations, rules or permits, applicable to them may also adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 
 
 The operations of biogas conversion project site owners and operators are also subject to stringent and complex governmental regulations and policies at the federal, state and local level in the United States. Many complex laws, 
 24 

rules, orders and interpretations govern environmental protection, health, safety, land use, zoning, transportation and related matters. At times, such governmental regulations and policies may require biogas conversion project site owners and operators to curtail their operations or close sites temporarily or permanently, which may adversely impact our business, investments and results of operations. 
 
 Certain permits are required to build, operate and expand sites owned by biogas conversion project site owners and operators, and such permits have become more difficult and expensive to obtain and maintain. Permits may often take years to obtain as a result of numerous hearing and compliance requirements with regard to zoning, environmental and other regulations. The permits required to be obtained and maintained by biogas conversion project site owners and operations are commonly subject to resistance from citizen or other groups and other political pressures, including allegations by such persons that a site is in violation of any applicable permits, laws or regulations. Failure by project site owners and operators to obtain or maintain any required permit to operate its site would adversely affect our production of Renewable Power, RNG and generation of the associated Environmental Attributes, as applicable. 
 
 A failure by biogas conversion project site owners and operators to comply with extensive federal, state and local regulations and policies, including permitting requirements, may result in the suspension or cessation of waste site operations, which would reduce or halt Renewable Power or RNG production and generation of the associated Environmental Attributes. Any such disruption could also damage the reputation of our brand. In the event our production of Renewable Power or RNG is disrupted, we may fail to meet the contractual obligations to some of our counterparties to deliver Renewable Power, RNG and the associated Environmental Attributes, in which case we would be subject to financial damage and/or penalty claims from these counterparties. 
 
 The financial performance of our business depends upon tax and other government incentives for the generation of RNG and Renewable Power, any of which could change at any time and such changes may negatively impact our growth strategy. 
 
 Our financial performance and growth strategy depend in part on governmental policies that support renewable generation and enhance the economic viability of owning Biogas Conversion Projects or Fueling Stations. These projects currently benefit from various federal, state and local governmental incentives such as investment tax credits, cash grants in lieu of investment tax credits, loan guarantees, Renewable Portfolio Standards RPS programs, modified accelerated cost-recovery system of depreciation and bonus depreciation. RNG specifically generates meaningful revenue through generation and monetization of Environmental Attributes provided for under several different programs, most commonly, RFS, LCFS and RPS. 
 
 Many states have adopted RPS programs mandating that a specified percentage of electricity sales come from eligible sources of renewable energy. However, the regulations that govern the RPS programs, including pricing incentives for renewable energy, or reasonableness guidelines for pricing that increase valuation compared to conventional power (such as a projected value for carbon reduction or consideration of avoided integration costs), may change. If the RPS requirements are reduced or eliminated, it could lead to fewer future power contracts or lead to lower prices for the sale of power in future power contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on our future prospects. Such material adverse effects may result from decreased revenues, reduced economic returns on Biogas Conversion Projects and other potential future investments or joint ventures, increased financing costs, and/or difficulty obtaining financing. 
 
 If we are unable to utilize various federal, state and local governmental incentives to acquire additional Biogas Conversion Projects or Fueling Stations in the future, or the terms of such incentives are revised in a manner that is less favorable to us, we may suffer a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we face similar risks with respect to the RFS program. Any future changes to, federal, state and local regulations and policies, including permitting requirements applicable to us, and enactment of new regulations and policies, may present technical, regulatory and economic barriers to the generation, purchase and use of Renewable Power and RNG, and may adversely affect the market for the associated Environmental Attributes. A failure on our part to comply with any laws, regulations or rules, applicable to us may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 
 
 We rely on interconnection, transmission and pipeline facilities that we do not own or control and that are subject to constraints within a number of our regions. If these facilities fail to provide us with adequate capacity or have 
 25 

unplanned disruptions, we may be restricted in our ability to deliver Renewable Power and RNG to our counterparties and we may either incur additional costs or forego revenues. 
 
 We depend on electric interconnection and transmission facilities and gas pipelines owned and operated by others to deliver the energy and fuel we generate at our Biogas Conversion Projects to our counterparties. Some of our electric generating Biogas Conversion Projects may need to hold electric transmission rights in order to sell power to purchasers that do not have their own direct access to our generators. Our access to electric interconnection and transmission rights is subject to tariffs developed by transmission owners, ISOs and RTOs, which have been filed with and accepted by FERC or the Public Utility Commission in the jurisdictions in question. These tariffs establish the price for transmission service, and the terms under which transmission service is rendered. Under FERC s open access transmission rules, tariffs developed and implemented by transmission owners, ISOs and RTOs must establish terms and conditions for obtaining interconnection and transmission services that are not unduly discriminatory or preferential. However, as a generator and seller of power, we do not have any automatic right, in any geographic market, to firm, long-term, grid-wide transmission service without first requesting such service, funding the construction of any upgrades necessary to provide such service, and paying a transmission service rate. Physical constraints on the transmission system could limit the ability of our electric generating projects to dispatch their power output and receive revenue from sales of Renewable Power. 
 
 A failure or delay in the operation or development of these distribution channels or a significant increase in the costs charged by their owners and operators could result in the loss of revenues or increased operating expenses. Such failures or delays could limit the amount of Renewable Power our operating facilities deliver or delay the completion of our construction projects, which may also result in adverse consequences under our power purchase agreements and LFG rights agreements. Further, such failures, delays or increased costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our RNG production projects are similarly interconnected with gas distribution and interstate pipeline systems that are necessary to deliver RNG. A failure or delay in the operation or development of these distribution or pipeline facilities could result in a loss of revenues or breach of contract because such a failure or delay could limit the amount of RNG that we are able to produce or delay the completion of our construction projects. In addition, certain of our RNG transportation capacity may be curtailed without compensation due to distribution and pipeline limitations, reducing our revenues and impairing our ability to capitalize fully on a particular project s potential. Such a failure or curtailment at levels above our expectations could impact our ability to satisfy our contractual obligations and adversely affect our business. Additionally, we experience work interruptions from time to time due to federally required maintenance shutdowns of distribution and pipeline facilities. 
 
 We may acquire or develop RNG projects that require their own pipeline interconnections to available interstate pipeline and distribution networks. In some cases, these pipeline and distribution networks to which such projects are connected may cover significant distances. A failure in the construction or operation of these pipeline and distribution networks that causes the RNG project to be out of service, or subject to reduced service, could result in lost revenues because it could limit our production of RNG and the associated Environmental Attributes that we are able to generate. 
 
 We rely on third-party utility companies to provide our Biogas Conversion Projects with adequate utility supplies, including sewer, water, gas and electricity, in order to operate our Biogas Conversion Project facilities. Any failure on the part of such companies to adequately supply our facilities with such utilities, including any prolonged period of loss of electricity, may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 We are dependent on third-party utility companies to provide sufficient utilities including sewer, water, gas and electricity, to sustain our operations and operate our Biogas Conversion Projects. Any major or sustained disruptions in the supply of utilities, such as water, gas or electricity or any fire, flood or other natural calamities, may disrupt our operations or damage our production facilities or inventories and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we consume a significant amount of electricity in connection with our Biogas Conversion Projects and any increases in costs or reduced availability of such utilities could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to risks associated with litigation or administrative proceedings that could materially impact our operations, including proceedings in the future related to our projects we subsequently acquire. 
 
 26 

We are subject to risks and costs, including potential negative publicity, associated with lawsuits, in particular with respect to environmental claims and lawsuits or claims contesting the construction or operation of our Biogas Conversion Projects and Fueling Station projects. The result of and costs associated with defending any such lawsuit or claim, regardless of the merits and eventual outcome, may be material and could have a material adverse effect on our operations. In the future, we may be involved in legal proceedings, disputes, administrative proceedings, claims and other litigation that arise in the ordinary course of our business related to Biogas Conversion Projects or Fueling Stations. For example, individuals and interest groups may sue to challenge the issuance of a permit for a Biogas Conversion Project or a Fueling Station project, or seek to enjoin construction or operation of that facility. We may also become subject to claims from individuals who live in the proximity of our Biogas Conversion Projects and Fueling Stations based on alleged negative health effects related to our operations. In addition, we have been and may subsequently become subject to legal proceedings or claims contesting the construction or operation of our Biogas Conversion Projects and Fueling Stations. 
 
 Any such legal proceedings or disputes could delay our ability to complete construction of a Biogas Conversion Project or Fueling Station in a timely manner or at all, or materially increase the costs associated with commencing or continuing commercial operations of such projects. Settlement of claims and unfavorable outcomes or developments relating to such proceedings or disputes, such as judgments for monetary damages, injunctions or denial or revocation of permits, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to implement our growth strategy and, ultimately, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We currently own, and in the future may acquire, certain assets in which we have limited control over management decisions, including through joint ventures, and our interests in such assets may be subject to transfer or other related restrictions. 
 
 We own, and in the future may acquire, certain Biogas Conversion Projects and Fueling Stations through joint ventures. In the future, we may invest in other projects with a joint venture or strategic partner. Joint ventures inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, which could result in an increase in the financial, legal, operational or compliance risks associated with a Biogas Conversion Project or Fueling Station, including, but not limited to, variances in accounting internal control requirements. Our co-venture partners may not have the level of experience, technical expertise, human resources management and other attributes necessary to operate these assets optimally. To the extent we do not have a controlling interest in a Biogas Conversion Project or Fueling Station, our joint venture partners could take actions that decrease the value of our investment and lower our overall return. In addition, conflicts of interest may arise in the future with our joint venture partners, where our joint venture partners business interests are inconsistent with our and our stockholders interests. Further, disagreements or disputes with our joint venture partners could result in litigation, resulting in increase of expenses incurred and potentially limit the time and effort our officers and directors are able to devote to remaining aspects of our business, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The approval of our joint venture partners also may be required for us to receive distributions of funds from assets or to sell, pledge, transfer, assign or otherwise convey our interest in such assets. Alternatively, our joint venture partners may have rights of first refusal, rights of first offer or other similar rights in the event of a proposed sale or transfer of our interests in such assets. In addition, we may have, and correspondingly our joint venture partners may have, rights to force the sale of the joint venture upon the occurrence of certain defaults or breaches by the other partner or other circumstances, and there may be circumstances in which our joint venture partner can replace our affiliated entities that provide operation and maintenance and asset management services if they default in the performance of their obligations to the joint venture. These restrictions and other provisions may limit the price or interest level for our interests in such assets, in the event we want to sell such interests. 
 
 Our gas rights agreements, power purchase agreements, fuel-supply agreements, interconnection agreements, RNG dispensing agreements and other agreements, including contracts with owners and operators of biogas conversion project sites, often contain complex provisions, including those relating to price adjustments, calculations and other terms based on gas price indices and other metrics, as well as other terms and provisions, the interpretation of which could result in disputes with counterparties that could materially affect our results of operations and customer or other business relationships. 
 
 Certain of our gas rights agreements, power purchase agreements, fuel supply agreements, interconnection agreements, RNG dispensing agreements and other agreements, including contracts with owners and operators of biogas conversion project sites, require us to make payments or adjust prices to counterparties based on past or current changes in natural gas price indices, project productivity or other metrics and involve complex calculations. 
 27 

Moreover, the underlying indices governing payments under such agreements are subject to change, may be discontinued or replaced. The interpretation of these price adjustments and calculations and the potential discontinuation or replacement of relevant indices or metrics could result in disputes with the counterparties with respect to such agreements. Any such disputes could adversely affect Biogas Conversion Project revenues, including revenue from associated Environmental Attributes, profit margins, customer or supplier relationships, or lead to costly litigation, the outcome of which we would be unable to predict. 
 
 Market Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 A reduction in the prices we can obtain for the Environmental Attributes generated from RNG, which include RINs, LCFS credits, and other incentives, could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations . 
 
 A significant portion of our revenues comes from the sale of RINs and LCFS credits, which exist because of legal and governmental regulatory requirements. A change in law or in governmental policies concerning renewable fuels, landfill or animal waste site biogas or the sale of RINs and LCFS could be expected to affect the market for, and the pricing of, the RINs and LCFS credits that we can generate through production at our Biogas Conversion Projects. A reduction in the prices we receive for RINs and LCFS credits, or a reduction in demand for RINs or LCFS credits, whether through market forces generally, through the actions of market participants generally, or through the consolidation or elimination of participants competing in the market for the purchase and retirement of RINs or LCFS credits, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 The volatility in the price of oil, gasoline, diesel, natural gas, RNG, or Environmental Attribute prices could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Historically, the prices of Environmental Attributes, RNG, natural gas, crude oil, gasoline and diesel have been volatile and this volatility may continue to increase in future. Factors that may cause volatility in the prices of Environmental Attributes, RNG, natural gas, crude oil, gasoline and diesel include, among others, (i) changes in supply and availability of crude oil, RNG and natural gas; (ii) governmental regulations; (iii) inventory levels; (iv) consumer demand; (v) price and availability of alternatives; (vi) weather conditions; (vii) negative publicity about crude oil or natural gas drilling; (viii) production or transportation techniques and methods; (ix) macro-economic environment and political conditions; (x) transportation costs; and (xi) the price of foreign imports. Specifically, prices for crude oil, which is the commodity used to make gasoline and diesel, have been lower in recent years, due in part to over-production and increased supply without a corresponding increase in demand, and oil prices decreased further in 2020, hitting an all-time low due to the COVID-19 pandemic. More recently, that trend has reversed with oil prices rebounding substantially. Nevertheless, if the prices of crude oil, gasoline and diesel decline again, or if the price of RNG or natural gas increases without corresponding increases in the prices of crude oil, gasoline and diesel or Environmental Attributes, we may not be able to offer our counterparties an attractive price advantage for our vehicle fuels. The market adoption of our vehicle fuels could be slowed or limited, and/or we may be forced to reduce the prices at which we sell our vehicle fuels in order to try and attract new counterparties or prevent the loss of demand from existing counterparties. In addition, we expect that natural gas and crude oil prices will remain volatile for the near future because of market uncertainties over supply and demand, including but not limited to the current state of the world economies, energy infrastructure and other factors. Fluctuations in natural gas prices affect the cost to us of the natural gas commodity. High natural gas prices adversely affect our operating margins when we cannot pass the increased costs to our counterparties. Conversely, lower natural gas prices reduce our revenue when the commodity cost is passed to our counterparties. 
 
 Pricing conditions may also exacerbate the cost differential between vehicles that use our vehicle fuels and gasoline or diesel-powered vehicles, which may lead operators to delay or refrain from purchasing or converting to vehicles running on our fuels. Generally, vehicles that use our fuels cost more initially than gasoline or diesel-powered vehicles because the components needed for a vehicle to use our vehicle fuels add to the vehicle s base cost. Operators then seek to recover the additional base cost over time through a lower cost to use alternative vehicle fuels. Operators may, however, perceive an inability to timely recover these additional initial costs if alternative vehicle fuels are not available at prices sufficiently lower than gasoline and diesel. Such an outcome could decrease our potential customer base and harm our business prospects. 
 
 28 

We face significant upward pricing pressure in the market with respect to our securing the biogas rights necessary for proposed new Biogas Conversion Projects and our conversion of existing Renewable Power rights to RNG rights on existing Biogas Conversion Projects that we plan to convert. 
 
 We must reach agreement with the prospective biogas project site owner or developer in order to secure the biogas rights necessary for each proposed Biogas Conversion Project. Additionally, each project typically requires a site lease, access easements, permits, licenses, rights of way or other similar agreements. Historically, in exchange for the biogas rights and additional agreements, we have paid the site owner and/or developer a royalty or other similar payment based on revenue generated by the project or volume of biogas used by the project. Over recent years, as competition for development of biogas conversion project sites has increased and biogas project site owners and developers have become more sophisticated, it has become increasingly common for the prospective biogas project site owners and developers to ask for or require larger royalties or similar payments in order to secure the biogas rights. In addition, it is becoming increasingly common for some prospective biogas project site owners or developers to ask for or require equity participation in the prospective project. 
 
 In addition, we face similar pricing pressures when we attempt to renew our biogas rights on existing Biogas Conversion Projects at the end of their contractual periods and in situations where we plan to convert existing Renewable Power projects to RNG projects. 
 
 These pricing pressures could lead us to decide not to pursue certain prospective Biogas Conversion Projects or not to pursue the renewal or conversion of one or more existing Renewable Power projects and, accordingly, negatively impact our overall financial condition, results of operations and prospects. These pricing pressures could also impact the profitability of prospective Biogas Conversion Projects, and, accordingly, negatively impact our overall financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 We currently face declining market prices for LCFS credits specifically within California as well as significant upward pressure on the costs associated with dispensing RNG specifically within California to generate the LCFS credits. 
 
 The market prices for LCFS credits specifically within California have declined over the past year, and the market for dispensing RNG with relatively low CI scores in California has become increasingly competitive because of increasing supply of RNG with these relatively low CI scores. As such, fleet operators using vehicles fueled by natural gas have been able to demand RNG marketers like us provide them with greater economic incentives for allowing us to dispense the fuel at the Fueling Stations, typically in the form of a greater share of our marketing fee or a greater share in the monetary value of the Environmental Attributes we generate when dispensing the fuel. The persistence of the current California dynamic is dependent upon future market developments, and as such the LCFS credits that we generate and sell may or may not produce future revenue that is comparable to historical LCFS revenue. 
 
 A prolonged environment of low prices or reduced demand for Renewable Power could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations . 
 
 Long-term Renewable Power and RNG prices may fluctuate substantially due to factors outside of our control. The price of Renewable Power and RNG can vary significantly for many reasons, including: (i) increases and decreases in generation capacity in our markets; (ii) changes in power transmission or fuel transportation capacity constraints or inefficiencies; (iii) power supply disruptions; (iv) weather conditions; (v) seasonal fluctuations; (vi) changes in the demand for power or in patterns of power usage, including the potential development of demand-side management tools and practices; (vii) development of new fuels or new technologies for the production of power; (viii) federal and state regulations; and (ix) actions of the Independent System Operators ISOs and regional transmission organizations RTOs that control and administer regional power markets. 
 
 Increased rates of recycling and legislation encouraging recycling, increased use of waste incineration, advances in waste disposal technology, decreased demand for meat and livestock products could decrease the availability or change the composition of waste for biogas conversion project gas. 
 
 The volume and composition of LFG produced at open landfill sites depends in large part on the volume and composition of waste sent to such landfill sites, which could be affected by a number of factors. For example, increased rates of recycling or increased use of waste incineration could decrease the volume of waste sent to 
 29 

landfills, while organics diversion strategies such as composting can reduce the amount of organic waste sent to landfills. There have been numerous federal and state regulations and initiatives over the recent years that have led to higher levels of recycling of paper, glass, plastics, metal and other recyclables, and there are growing discussions at various levels of government about developing new strategies to minimize the negative environmental impacts of landfills and related emissions, including diversion of biodegradable waste from landfills. Although many recyclable materials other than paper do not decompose and therefore do not ultimately contribute to the amount of LFG produced at a landfill site, recycling and other similar efforts may have negative effects on the volume and proportion of biodegradable waste sent to landfill sites across the United States. As a consequence, the volume and composition of waste sent to landfill sites from which our Biogas Conversion Projects collect LFG could change, which could adversely affect our business operations, prospects, financial condition and operational results. 
 
 In addition, research and development activities are currently ongoing to provide alternative and more efficient technologies to dispose of waste, to produce by-products from waste and to produce energy, and an increasing amount of capital is being invested to find new approaches to waste disposal, waste treatment and energy generation. 
 
 It is possible that this deployment of capital may lead to advances which could adversely affect our sources of LFG or provide new or alternative methods of waste disposal or energy generation that become more accepted, or more attractive, than landfills. 
 
 We currently use, and may continue in the future to use, forward-sale and hedging arrangements, to mitigate certain risks, but the use of such arrangements could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 We currently use, and may continue in the future to use, forward sales transactions to sell Environmental Attributes and Renewable Power before they are generated. In addition, we use interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk. We may use other types of hedging contracts, including foreign currency hedges if we expand into other countries. If we elect to enter into such hedges, the related asset could recognize financial losses on these arrangements as a result of volatility in the market values of the underlying asset or if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract. If actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources are not available, the valuation of such contracts would involve judgment or the use of estimates. As a result, changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair value of such contracts. If the values of such contracts change in a manner that we do not anticipate, or if a counterparty fails to perform under such a contract, it could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 
 Additional Risk Factors Relating to Our Biogas Capture Business 
 
 Our ability to acquire, convert, develop and operate Biogas Conversion Projects, as well as expand production at current Biogas Conversion Projects, is subject to many risks. 
 
 Our business strategy includes (i) the conversion of LFG projects from Renewable Power to RNG production where we already controls biogas gas rights, (ii) growth through the procurement of LFG rights and manure rights to develop new RNG projects, (iii) the acquisition and expansion of existing Biogas Conversion Projects, and (iv) growth through the procurement of rights to other sources of biogas for production of additional transportation fuels and generation of associated Environmental Attributes. This strategy depends on our ability to successfully convert existing LFG projects and identify and evaluate acquisition opportunities and complete new Biogas Conversion Projects or acquisitions on favorable terms. However, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully identify new opportunities, acquire additional biogas rights and develop new RNG projects or convert existing projects on favorable terms or at all. In addition, we may compete with other companies for these development and acquisition opportunities, which may increase our costs or cause us to refrain from making acquisitions at all. 
 
 We may also achieve growth through the expansion of production at certain of our current Biogas Conversion Projects as the related landfills and dairy farms are expanded or otherwise begin to produce more gas or manure, respectively, but we cannot guarantee that we will be able to reach or renew the necessary agreements with site owners on economically favorable terms or at all. If we are unable to successfully identify and consummate future Biogas Conversion Project opportunities or acquisitions of Biogas Conversion Projects, or expand RNG production at our current Biogas Conversion Projects, it will impede our ability to execute our growth strategy. Further, we may also experience delays and cost overruns in converting existing facilities from Renewable Power to RNG production. During the conversion of existing projects, there may be a gap in revenue while the electricity project is offline until 
 30 

the conversion is completed and the new RNG facility commences operations, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to acquire, convert, develop and operate Biogas Conversion Projects, as well as expand production at current Biogas Conversion Projects, is subject to several additional risks, including: 
 
 regulatory changes that affect the value of RNG and the associated Environmental Attributes, which could have a significant effect on the financial performance of our Biogas Conversion Projects and the number of potential Biogas Conversion Projects with attractive economics; 
 changes in energy commodity prices, such as natural gas and wholesale electricity prices, which could have a significant effect on our revenues and expenses; 
 changes in pipeline gas quality standards or other regulatory changes that may limit our ability to transport RNG on pipelines for delivery to third parties or increase the costs of processing RNG to allow for such deliveries; 
 changes in the broader waste collection industry, including changes affecting the waste collection and biogas potential of the landfill industry, which could limit the LFG resource that we currently target for our Biogas Conversion Projects; 
 substantial construction risks, including the risk of delay, that may arise due to forces outside of our control, such as those related to engineering and environmental problems, inclement weather, inflationary pressures on materials and labor, and supply chain and labor disruptions; 
 operating risks and the effect of disruptions on our business, including the effects of global health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, weather conditions, catastrophic events, such as fires, explosions, earthquakes, droughts and acts of terrorism, and other force majeure events that impact us, our counterparties, suppliers, distributors and subcontractors; 
 accidents involving personal injury or the loss of life; 
 entering into markets where we have less experience, such as our Biogas Conversion Projects for biogas recovery at livestock farms; 
 the ability to obtain financing for a Biogas Conversion Project on acceptable terms or at all and the need for substantially more capital than initially budgeted to complete Biogas Conversion Projects and exposure to liabilities as a result of unforeseen environmental, construction, technological or other complications; 
 failures or delays in obtaining desired or necessary land rights, including ownership, leases, easements, zoning rights and building permits; 
 a decrease in the availability, increased pricing on, and a delay in the timeliness of delivery of raw materials and components, necessary for the Biogas Conversion Projects to function or necessary for the conversion of a Biogas Conversion Projects from Renewable Power to RNG production; 
 obtaining and keeping in good standing permits, authorizations and consents from local city, county, state and US federal government agencies and organizations; 
 penalties, including potential termination, under short-term and long-term contracts for failing to produce or deliver a sufficient quantity and acceptable quality of RNG in accordance with our contractual obligations; 
 unknown regulatory changes related to the transportation of RNG, which may increase the transportation cost for delivering under our contracts then in effect; 
 the consent and authorization of local utilities or other energy development off-takers to ensure successful interconnection to energy grids to enable power and gas sales; and 
 difficulties in identifying, obtaining and permitting suitable sites for new Biogas Conversion Projects. 
 
 Any of these factors could prevent us from acquiring, developing, converting, operating or expanding our Biogas Conversion Projects, or otherwise adversely affect our business, growth potential, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 31 

Multiple factors, including lower levels of gas collection and delays in commencement and completion of construction, have negatively impacted our business during the year ended December 31, 2022. While we continue to execute on our business plan, we expect these factors to continue during 2023. 
 
 Acquiring Biogas Conversion Projects involves numerous risks, including potential exposure to pre-existing liabilities, unanticipated costs in acquiring and implementing the project, and lack of or limited experience in new geographic markets. 
 
 The acquisition of existing Biogas Conversion Projects involves numerous risks, many of which may be indiscoverable through the due diligence process, including exposure to previously existing liabilities and unanticipated costs associated with the pre-acquisition period; difficulty in integrating the acquired projects into our existing business; and, if the projects are in new markets, the risks of entering markets where we have limited experience, less knowledge of differences in market terms for gas rights agreements and dispensing agreements, and, for international projects, possible exposure to exchange-rate risk to the extent we need to finance development and operations of foreign projects to repatriate earnings generated by such projects. While we perform due diligence on prospective acquisitions, we may not be able to discover all potential operational deficiencies in such projects. A failure to achieve the financial returns we expect when we acquire Biogas Conversion Projects could have a material adverse effect on our ability to implement our growth strategy and, ultimately, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Additional risks related to acquiring existing projects, include: 

the purchase price we pay could significantly deplete our cash reserves or result in dilution to our existing stockholders; 
 the acquired companies or assets may not improve our customer offerings or market position as planned; 
 we may have difficulty integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired companies; 
 key personnel and counterparties of the acquired companies may terminate their relationships with the acquired companies as a result of or following the acquisition; 
 we may experience additional financial and accounting challenges and complexities in certain areas, such as tax planning and financial reporting; 
 we may incur additional costs and expenses related to complying with additional laws, rules or regulations in new jurisdictions; 
 we may assume or be held liable for risks and liabilities (including for environmental-related costs) as a result of our acquisitions, some of which we may not discover during our due diligence or adequately adjust for in our acquisition arrangements; 
 our ongoing business and management s attention may be disrupted or diverted by transition or integration issues and the complexity of managing geographically diverse enterprises; 
 we may incur one-time write-offs or restructuring charges in connection with an acquisition; 
 we may acquire goodwill and other intangible assets that are subject to amortization or impairment tests, which could result in future charges to earnings; 
 we may acquire goodwill and other intangible assets that are subject to amortization or impairment tests, which could result in future charges to earnings; and 
 we may not be able to realize the cost savings or other financial benefits we anticipated. 
 
 Our Biogas Conversion Projects face operational challenges, including among other things the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes or performance below expected levels of output or efficiency due to wear and tear of our equipment, latent defects, design or operator errors, force majeure events, or lack of transmission capacity or other problems with third party interconnection and transmission facilities. 
 
 The ongoing operation of our Biogas Conversion Projects involves risks that include the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes or performance below expected levels of output or efficiency due to wear and tear of our equipment, latent defects, design or operator errors or force majeure events, among other factors. Operation of our 
 32 

Biogas Conversion Projects also involves risks that we will be unable to transport our product to our counterparties in an efficient manner due to a lack of capacity or other problems with third party interconnection and transmission facilities. Unplanned outages of equipment, including extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other problems, occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of our business. Unplanned outages typically increase our operation and maintenance expenses and may reduce our revenue. Biogas conversion project site owners and operators can also impact our production if, in the course of ongoing operations, they damage the site s biogas collection systems. Our inability to operate our facilities efficiently, manage capital expenditures and costs and generate earnings and cash flow could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We are generally also required under many of our agreements to deliver a minimum quantity of Renewable Power, RNG and/or the associated Environmental Attributes to the counterparty. Unless we can rely on a force majeure or other provisions in the related agreements, falling below such a threshold could subject us to financial expenses and penalties, as well as possible termination of key agreements and potential violations of certain permits, which could further impede our ability to satisfy production requirements. Therefore, any unexpected reduction in output at any of our Biogas Conversion Projects that leads to any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 An unexpected reduction in RNG production by third-party producers of RNG with whom we maintain marketing agreements to purchase RNG and/or the associated Environmental Attributes, or their inability or refusal to deliver such RNG or Environmental Attributes as provided under such agreements, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and could adversely affect or performance under associated dispensing agreements. 
 
 The success of our RNG business depends, in large part, on our ability to (i) secure, on acceptable terms, an adequate supply of RNG and/or Environmental Attributes from third-party producers, (ii) sell RNG in sufficient volumes and at prices that are attractive to counterparties and produce acceptable margins for us, and (iii) generate and monetize Environmental Attributes under applicable federal or state programs at favorable prices. If we fail to maintain and build new relationships with third party producers of RNG, we may be unable to supply RNG and the associated Environmental Attributes to meet the demand of our counterparties, which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our ability to dispense an adequate amount of RNG is subject to risks affecting RNG production. Biogas Conversion Projects that produce RNG often experience unpredictable production levels or other difficulties due to a variety of factors, including, among others, (i) problems with equipment, (ii) severe weather, pandemics, or other health crises, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, (iii) construction delays, (iv) technical difficulties, (v) high operating costs, (vi) limited availability, or unfavorable composition of collected feedstock gas, and (vii) plant shutdowns caused by upgrades, expansion or required maintenance. In addition, increasing demand for RNG will result in more robust competition for supplies of RNG, including from other vehicle fuel providers, gas utilities (which may have distinct advantages in accessing RNG supply including potential use of ratepayer funds to fund RNG purchases if approved by a utility s regulatory commission) and other users and providers. If we or any of our third party RNG suppliers experience these or other difficulties in RNG production processes, or if competition for RNG development projects and supply increases, then our supply of RNG and our ability to resell it as a vehicle fuel and generate the associated Environmental Attributes could be jeopardized. 
 
 Construction, development and operation of our Biogas Conversion Projects involves significant risks and hazards. 
 
 Biogas Conversion Projects as well as construction and operation of Fueling Stations involve hazardous activities, including acquiring and transporting fuel, operating large pieces of rotating equipment and delivering our renewable electricity and RNG to interconnection and transmission systems, including gas pipelines. Hazards such as fire, explosion, structural collapse and machinery failure are inherent risks in our operations. These and other hazards can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment and contamination of, or damage to, the environment. The occurrence of any one of these hazards may result in curtailment or termination of our operations or liability to third parties for damages, environmental cleanup costs, personal injury, property damage and fines and/or penalties, any of which could be substantial. 
 
 33 

Our Biogas Conversion Projects facilities and Fueling Stations or those that we otherwise acquire, construct or operate may be targets of terrorist activities, as well as events occurring in response to or in connection with them, that could result in full or partial disruption of our facilities ability to generate, transmit, transport or distribute electricity or RNG. Strategic targets, such as energy-related facilities, may be at greater risk of future terrorist activities than other domestic targets. Hostile cyber intrusions, including those targeting information systems, as well as electronic control systems used at the generating plants and for the related distribution systems, could severely disrupt our business operations and result in loss of service to our counterparties, as well as create significant expense to repair security breaches or system damage. In the past we have experienced cyber security breaches, which we believe have not had a significant impact on the integrity of our systems or the security of data, including personal information maintained by us, but there can be no assurance that any future breach or disruption will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operations. 
 
 Furthermore, some of our facilities are located in areas prone to extreme weather conditions, most notably extreme cold such as has recently occurred in California, Texas, Oklahoma, Michigan and Minnesota. Certain of our other Biogas Conversion Projects and Fueling Stations as well as certain key vendors conduct their operations in other locations, such as California and Florida, that are susceptible to natural disasters. The frequency of weather-related natural disasters may be increasing due to the effects of greenhouse gas emissions or related climate change effects. The occurrence of natural disasters such as tornados, earthquakes, droughts, floods, wildfires or localized extended outages of critical utilities or transportation systems, or any critical resource shortages, affecting us could cause a significant interruption in our business or damage or destroy our facilities. 
 
 We rely on warranties from vendors and obligate contractors to meet certain performance levels, but the proceeds from such warranties or performance guarantees may not cover lost revenues, increased expenses or liquidated damages payments, should we experience equipment breakdown or non-performance by our contractors or vendors. We also maintain an amount of insurance protection that we consider adequate to protect against these and other risks, but we cannot provide any assurance that our insurance will be sufficient or effective under any or all circumstances and against any or all hazards or liabilities to which we may be subject. Also, our insurance coverage is subject to deductibles, caps, exclusions and other limitations. A loss for which we are not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Because of rising insurance costs and changes in the insurance markets, we cannot provide any assurance that our insurance coverage will continue to be available at all or at rates or on terms similar to those presently available. Our insurance policies are subject to annual review by our insurers and may not be renewed on similar or favorable terms or at all. Any losses not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our failure to dispense a specified quality or quantity of RNG could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, by subjecting us to, among other things, possible penalties or terminations under the various contractual arrangements under which we operate, including pursuant to a purchase and sale agreement related to the sale of our Environmental Attributes. 
 
 Our RNG business consists of producing RNG from Biogas Conversion Projects, procuring RNG from third party producers, and dispensing this RNG to counterparties through Fueling Stations and other potential end markets to generate and monetize the associated Environmental Attributes. If we fail to produce and dispense a specified quality or quantity of RNG, our business may be adversely impacted. 
 
 As an RNG supplier the quality and quantity of RNG we produce at our Biogas Conversion Projects may be negatively affected by, among other things, lack of feedstock or the relative mix in the components of the feedstock, mechanical breakdowns, faulty technology, competitive markets or changes to the laws and regulations that mandate the use of renewable energy sources. In addition, we rely in part on third party suppliers to provide us with certain amounts of the specified quality and quantity of RNG that we are obligated to deliver under contractual commitments to our distribution counterparties but that we have not otherwise produced at our Biogas Conversion Projects. 
 
 If we are unable to obtain an adequate supply of RNG through a combination of Biogas Conversion Project production and supplies from third party RNG producers, we may be forced to pay a financial penalty under such contracts, including under a purchase and sale agreement under which we market a substantial majority of our Environmental Attributes through NextEra. Even if we are able to produce and obtain an adequate supply of RNG to satisfy the quantity requirements of our counterparties, RNG and the associated Environmental Attributes must also meet or exceed quality standards. If we and our third party suppliers are unable to meet applicable quality standards, 
 34 

through one or more of the factors discussed above or otherwise, we could be subject to financial penalties under such contracts. 
 
 In connection with the marketing of the Environmental Attributes generated from our activities, in November 2021, we signed a purchase and sale agreement with NextEra providing for the exclusive purchase by NextEra of 90 of our Environmental Attributes (RINs and LCFS credits), including those generated by our owned Biogas Conversion Projects and those granted to us in connection with dispensing of RNG on behalf of third-party projects. Under the agreement, we are to receive the net proceeds paid to NextEra by NextEra customers for the purchase of such Environmental Attributes (or in certain circumstances an index-based price or pre-negotiated price) less a specified discount. The agreement provides for an initial five year term, followed by automatic one-year renewals unless terminated by either party at least 90 days prior to the last day of the initial term or then-current renewal term. 
 
 Under the agreement, we have committed to sell a minimum quarterly volume of Environmental Attributes to NextEra, which if not satisfied on a cumulative basis (giving credit for certain excess volume sold to NextEra during the contract term) as of the end of the contract term (or upon an early termination of the agreement) would result in our paying NextEra a shortfall payment calculated by (i) multiplying the amount of the volume shortfall by a fraction of the then-current index price of the Environmental Attribute and (ii) adding a specified premium (the Shortfall Amount ). Similarly, if the agreement is terminated by NextEra due to an event of default (generally defined as a failure by us to pay any undisputed amounts under the agreement, a material uncured breach of our representations or warranties or other obligations under the agreement, or the dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency of us or certain of our affiliates), NextEra would be entitled to receive, without any duplication, any then-current Shortfall Amount plus an accelerated payment calculated based off of the remaining minimum quarterly volume commitments for the balance of the initial term (or for the next four quarters of the next renewal term, if neither party had provided notice of non-renewal as described above prior to the commencement of such renewal term), which accelerated payment would be similarly calculated by (i) multiplying such remaining minimum quarterly volume commitments by a fraction of the then-current index price of the Environmental Attribute and (ii) adding a specified premium. The amount of such potential payments declines over the course of the contract term as we deliver Environmental Attribute volume under the contract. However, if the agreement was to be terminated as of the date of this report and we were not to deliver any further Environmental Attribute volume to NextEra under the agreement, the maximum potential payment to NextEra under these provisions would be approximately 10.6 million based on current market prices for such Environmental Attributes. 
 
 The success of our RNG projects depends on our ability to timely generate and ultimately receive certification of the Environmental Attributes associated with our RNG production and sale. A delay or failure in the certification of such Environmental Attributes could have a material adverse effect on the financial performance of our Biogas Conversion Projects. 
 
 We are required to register our RNG projects with the EPA and relevant state regulatory agencies. Further, we qualify our RINs through a voluntary Quality Assurance Plan, which typically takes from three to five months from first injection of RNG into the commercial pipeline system. Although no similar qualification process currently exists for LCFS credits, we expect such a process to be implemented and would expect to seek qualification on a state-by-state basis under such future programs. Delays in obtaining registration, RIN qualification, and any future LCFS credit qualification of a new project could delay future revenues from the project and could adversely affect our cash flow. Further, we typically make a large investment in the project prior to receiving the regulatory approval and RIN qualification. By registering each RNG project with the EPA s voluntary Quality Assurance Plan, we are subject to quarterly third-party audits and semi-annual on-site visits of our projects to validate generated RINs and overall compliance with the RFS program. We are also subject to a separate third party s annual attestation review. The Quality Assurance Plan provides a process for RIN owners to follow, for an affirmative defense to civil liability, if used or transferred Quality Assurance Plan verified RINs were invalidly generated. A project s failure to comply could result in remedial action by the EPA, including penalties, fines, retirement of RINs, or termination of the project s registration, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Maintenance, expansion and refurbishment of our Biogas Conversion Projects involve the risk of unplanned outages or reduced output, resulting from among other things periodic upgrading and improvement, unplanned breakdowns in equipment, and forced outages. 
 
 Our Biogas Conversion Project facilities may require periodic upgrading and improvement. Any unexpected operational or mechanical failure, including failure associated with breakdowns and forced outages, could reduce our 
 35 

facilities generating capacity below expected levels, reducing our revenues and jeopardizing our ability to earn profits and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we make major modifications to our facilities, such modifications may result in material additional capital expenditures. We may also choose to repower, refurbish or upgrade our facilities based on our assessment that such expenditures will provide adequate financial returns. Such facility modifications require time before commencement of commercial operations, and key assumptions underpinning a decision to make such an investment may prove incorrect, including assumptions regarding construction costs, timing, available financing and future power and renewable natural gas prices. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 In order to secure development, operational, dispensing and other necessary contract rights for our Biogas Conversion Projects, we typically face a long and variable development cycle that requires significant resource commitments and a long lead time before we realize revenues. 
 
 The development, design and construction process for our Biogas Conversion Projects generally lasts from 20 to 48 months, on average. Prior to signing a development agreement, we typically conduct a preliminary audit of the site host s needs and assess whether the site is commercially viable based on our expected return on investment, investment payback period and other operating metrics, as well as the necessary permits to develop a Biogas Conversion Project on that site. This extended development process requires the dedication of significant time and resources from our sales and management personnel, with no certainty of success or recovery of our expenses. A potential site host may go through the entire sales process and not accept our proposal. Further, upon commencement of operations, it typically takes 4 to 12 months or longer for the Biogas Conversion Project to ramp up to our expected production level. All of these factors, and in particular, increased spending that is not offset by increased revenues, can contribute to fluctuations in our quarterly financial performance and increase the likelihood that our operating results in a particular period will fall below investor expectations. 
 
 Our Biogas Conversion Projects may not produce expected levels of output, and the amount of Renewable Power or RNG actually produced at each of our respective projects will vary over time, and, therefore so will generation of associated Environmental Attributes. 
 
 Our Biogas Conversion Projects rely on organic material, the decomposition of which causes the generation of gas consisting primarily of methane. The Biogas Conversion Projects use such methane gas to generate Renewable Power or RNG. The estimation of biogas production volume is an inexact process and dependent on many site-specific conditions, including the estimated annual waste volume, composition of waste, regional climate and the capacity and construction of the site. Production levels are subject to a number of additional risks, including (i) a failure or wearing out of our or our landfill operators , counterparties or utilities equipment; (ii) an inability to find suitable replacement equipment or parts; (iii) less than expected supply or quality of the project s source of biogas and faster than expected diminishment of such biogas supply; or (iv) volume disruption in our fuel supply collection system. As a result, the volume of Renewable Power or RNG generated from such sites may in the future vary from our initial estimates, and those variations may be material. In addition, we have in the past incurred, and may in the future incur, material asset impairment charges if any of our Biogas Conversion Projects incur operational issues that indicate our expected future cash flows from the relevant project are less than the project s carrying value. Any such impairment charge could adversely affect our operating results in the period in which the charge is recorded. 
 
 In addition, in order to maximize collection of LFG, we may need to take various measures, such as drilling additional gas wells in the landfill sites to increase LFG collection, balancing the pressure on the gas field based on the data collected by the landfill site operator from the gas wells to ensure optimum LFG utilization and ensuring that we match availability of engines and related equipment to availability of LFG. There can be no guarantee that we will be able to take all necessary measures to maximize collection. In addition, the LFG available to our LFG projects is dependent in part on the actions of the landfill site owners and operators. We may not be able to ensure the responsible management of the landfill site by owners and operators, which may result in less than optimal gas generation or increase the likelihood of hot spots occurring. Hot spots can temporarily reduce the volume of gas that may be collected from a landfill site, resulting in a lower gas yield. 
 
 Biogas projects utilizing other types of feedstock, specifically livestock waste and dairy farm projects, typically produce significantly less RNG than landfill facilities. As a result, the commercial viability of such projects is more dependent on various factors and market forces outside of our control, such as changes to law or regulations that could affect the value of such projects or the incentives available to them. In addition, there are other factors currently 
 36 

unknown to us that may affect the commercial viability of other types of feedstock. Moreover, fluctuations in manure supply, the end use markets and the spread of diseases among herds could have a material impact on the success and completion of our Biogas Conversion Projects. As such, continued expansion into other types of feedstock could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Our business plans include expanding from Renewable Power and RNG production projects into additional transportation-related infrastructure, including production and development of hydrogen vehicle Fueling Stations. Any such expansions may present unforeseen challenges and result in a competitive disadvantage relative to our more-established competitors in the markets into which we wish to expand. 
 
 We currently operate Biogas Conversion Projects that convert primarily landfill biogas into Renewable Power and RNG. However, we are actively developing projects that use anaerobic digesters to capture and convert emissions into low-carbon RNG, electricity and green hydrogen, and may expand into additional feedstocks in the future. We are also actively developing hydrogen fueling infrastructure. In addition, we are actively considering expansion into other lines of business, including carbon sequestration and Renewable Power for our projects, and the production of green hydrogen. These initiatives could expose us to increased operating costs, unforeseen liabilities or risks, and regulatory and environmental concerns associated with entering new sectors of the energy industry, including requiring a disproportionate amount of our management s attention and resources, which could have an adverse impact on our business as well as place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to more established non-LFG market participants. 
 
 Sequestering CO 2 is subject to numerous laws and regulations with uncertain permitting timelines and costs. We also intend to explore the production of renewable hydrogen sourced from a number of our projects RNG, and we may enter into long-term fixed price off-take contracts for green hydrogen that we may produce at our projects. 
 We are currently working with a leading developer of on-site hydrogen generators to put in place construction design and services agreements in order to develop hydrogen gas-as-a-service offerings at Fueling Stations. We do not have an operating history in the green hydrogen market and our forecasts are based on uncertain operations in the future. 
 
 Some LFG projects in which we might invest in the future may be subject to cost-of-service rate regulation, which would limit our potential revenue from such LFG projects. If we invest, directly or indirectly, in an electric transmitting LFG project that allows us to exercise transmission market power, FERC could require our affiliates with MBR Authority to implement mitigation measures as a condition of maintaining our or our affiliates MBR Authority. FERC regulations limit using a transmission project for proprietary purposes, and we may be required to offer others (including competitors) open-access to our transmission asset, should we acquire one. Such acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our gas and manure rights agreements for Biogas Conversion Projects are subject to certain conditions. A failure to satisfy such conditions could result in the loss of such rights. 
 
 Our gas and manure rights agreements for Biogas Conversion Projects generally require that we achieve commercial operations for a project as of a specified date. If we do not satisfy such a deadline, the agreement may be terminated at the option of the biogas conversion project site owner without any reimbursement of any portion of the purchase price paid for the gas or manure rights or any other amounts we have invested in the project. Delays in construction or delivery of equipment may result in our failing to meet the commercial operations deadline in a gas or manure rights agreement. The denial or loss of a permit essential to a Biogas Conversion Project could impair our ability to construct or operate a project as required under the relevant agreement. Delays in the review and permitting process for a project can also impair or delay our ability to construct or acquire a project and satisfy any commercial operations deadlines, or increase the cost such that the project is no longer attractive to us. 
 
 Furthermore, certain of our gas and manure rights agreements for Biogas Conversion Projects require us to purchase a certain amount of LFG and manure, respectively. Any issues with our production at the corresponding projects, including due to weather, unplanned outages or transmission problems, to the extent not caused by the landfill or dairy farm, or covered by force majeure provisions in the relevant agreement, could result in failure to purchase the required amount of LFG or manure and the loss of these gas rights. Our gas and manure rights agreements often grant us the right to build additional generation capacity in the event of increased supply, but failure to use such increased supply after a prescribed period of time can result in the loss of these rights. In addition, we typically need approval from landfill owners in order to implement Renewable Power-to-RNG conversion projects, 
 37 

and we are also dependent on landfill owners for additional gas rights as well as land leases and easements for these conversion projects. 
 
 Additional Risk Factors Relating to Our Dispensing Business 
 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to identify, acquire, develop and operate public and private Fueling Stations for public and commercial fleet vehicles in order to dispense RNG for use as vehicle fuel and generate the associated Environmental Attributes. 
 
 Our specific focus on RNG to be used as a transportation fuel in the United States exposes us to risks related to the supply of and demand for RNG and the associated Environmental Attributes, the cost of capital expenditures, governmental regulation, and economic conditions, among other factors. As an RNG dispenser we may also be negatively affected by lower RNG production resulting from lack of feedstock, mechanical breakdowns, faulty technology, competitive markets or changes to the laws and regulations that mandate the use of renewable energy sources. 
 
 In addition, other factors related to the development and operation of renewable energy projects could adversely affect our business, including: (i) changes in pipeline gas quality standards or other regulatory changes that may limit our ability to transport RNG on pipelines or increase the costs of processing RNG; (ii) construction risks, including the risk of delay, that may arise because of inclement weather or labor disruptions; (iii) operating risks and the effect of disruptions on our business; (iv) budget overruns and exposure to liabilities because of unforeseen environmental, construction, technological or other complications; (v) failures or delays in obtaining desired or necessary rights, including leases and feedstock agreements; and (vi) failures or delays in obtaining and keeping in good standing permits, authorizations and consents from local city, county, state and US federal government agencies and organizations. Any of these factors could prevent completion or operation of projects, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Our success is dependent on the willingness of commercial fleets and other counterparties to adopt, and continue use of RNG, which may not occur in a timely manner, at expected levels or at all. Our vehicle fleet counterparties may choose to invest in renewable vehicle fuels other than RNG. 
 
 Our success is highly dependent on the adoption by commercial fleets and other consumers of natural gas vehicle fuels, which has been slow, volatile and unpredictable in many sectors. For example, adoption and deployment of natural gas in heavy and medium-duty trucking has been slower and more limited than we anticipated. If the market for natural gas vehicle fuels does not develop at improved rates or levels, or if a market develops but we are not able to capture a significant share of the market or the market subsequently declines, our business, growth potential, financial condition, and operating results would be harmed. 
 
 Additional factors that may influence the adoption of natural gas vehicle fuels, many of which are beyond our control, include, among others: 
 
 Lack of demand for trucks that use natural gas vehicle fuels due to business disruptions and depressed oil prices; 
 Adoption of governmental policies or programs or increased publicity or popular sentiment in favor of vehicles or fuels other than natural gas, including long-standing support for gasoline and diesel-powered vehicles, changes to emissions requirements applicable to vehicles powered by gasoline, diesel, natural gas, or other vehicle fuels and/or growing support for electric and hydrogen-powered vehicles; 
 Perceptions about the benefits of natural gas vehicle fuels relative to gasoline, diesel and other alternative vehicle fuels, including with respect to factors such as supply, cost savings, environmental benefits and safety; 
 Perceptions about the benefits of natural gas vehicle fuels relative to gasoline, diesel and other alternative vehicle fuels, including with respect to factors such as supply, cost savings, environmental benefits and safety; 
 The volatility in the supply, demand, use and prices of crude oil, gasoline, diesel, RNG, natural gas and other vehicle fuels, such as electricity, hydrogen, renewable diesel, biodiesel and ethanol; 
 38 

Inertia among fleets and fleet vehicle operators, who may be unable or unwilling to prioritize converting a fleet to our vehicle fuels over an operator s other general business concerns, particularly if the operator is not sufficiently incentivized by emissions regulations or other requirements or lacks demand for the conversion from its counterparties or drivers; 
 Vehicle cost, fuel efficiency, availability, quality, safety, convenience (to fuel and service), design, performance and residual value, as well as operator perception with respect to these factors, generally and in our key customer markets and relative to comparable vehicles powered by other fuels; 
 The development, production, cost, availability, performance, sales and marketing and reputation of engines that are well-suited for the vehicles used in our key customer markets, including heavy and medium-duty trucks and other fleets; 
 Increasing competition in the market for vehicle fuels generally, and the nature and effect of competitive developments in such market, including improvements in or perceived advantages of other vehicle fuels and engines powered by such fuels; 
 The availability and effect of environmental, tax or other governmental regulations, programs or incentives that promote our products or other alternatives as a vehicle fuel, including certain programs under which we generate Environmental Attributes by selling RNG as a vehicle fuel, as well as the market prices for such credits; and 
 Emissions and other environmental regulations and pressures on producing, transporting, and dispensing our fuels. 
 
 In June 2020, CARB adopted the Advanced Clean Trucks Regulation, which requires manufacturers to sell a gradually increasing proportion of zero-emission electric trucks, vans and pickup trucks from 2024 onwards. By the year 2045, the Advanced Clean Trucks Regulation seeks to have every new commercial vehicle sold in California be zero-emissions. Further, in September 2020, the Governor of the State of California issued the September 2020 Executive Order providing that it shall be the goal of California that (i) 100 of in-state sales of new passenger cars and trucks will be zero-emission by 2035, (ii) 100 of medium- and heavy-duty vehicles in California will be zero-emission by 2045 for all operations, where feasible, and by 2035 for drayage trucks, and (iii) the state will transition to 100 zero-emission off-road vehicles and equipment by 2035 where feasible. The September 2020 Executive Order also directed CARB to develop and propose regulations and strategies aimed at achieving the foregoing goals. Among other things, we believe the intent of the Advanced Clean Trucks Regulation and the September 2020 Executive Order is to limit and ultimately discontinue the production and use of internal combustion engines because such engines have tailpipe emissions. If either the Advanced Clean Trucks Regulation or any additional regulations adopted by CARB, including because of the September 2020 Executive Order, is permitted to take effect, it may slow, delay or prevent the adoption by fleets and other commercial consumers of our vehicle fuels, particularly in California. Moreover, because of the adoption of the Advanced Clean Trucks Regulation and the issuance of the September 2020 Executive Order, other states have taken steps to enact similar regulations, which actions may accelerate if either regulation is permitted to take effect, thereby slowing, delaying or preventing the adoption of our vehicle fuels in those states as well. 
 
 Acquisition, financing, construction, and development of Fueling Station projects by us or our partners that own projects may not commence on anticipated timelines or at all. 
 
 Our strategy is to continue to expand, including through the acquisition of additional Fueling Station projects and by signing additional supply agreements with third party project owner partners. From time to time we and our partners enter into nonbinding letters of intent for projects. Until the negotiations are final, however, and the parties have executed definitive documentation, we or our partners may not be able to consummate any development or acquisition transactions, or any other similar arrangements, on the terms set forth in the applicable letter of intent or at all. 
 The acquisition, financing, construction and development of projects involves numerous risks, including: 
 difficulties in identifying, obtaining, and permitting suitable sites for new projects; 
 failure to obtain all necessary rights to land access and use; 
 inaccuracy of assumptions with respect to the cost and schedule for completing construction; 
 inaccuracy of assumptions with respect to the biogas potential, including quality, volume, and asset life; 
 the ability to obtain financing for a project on acceptable terms or at all; 
 39 

delays in deliveries or increases in the price of equipment or other materials; 
 permitting and other regulatory issues, license revocation and changes in legal requirements; 
 increases in the cost of labor, labor disputes and work stoppages or the inability to find an adequate supply of workers; 
 failure to receive quality and timely performance of third-party services; 
 unforeseen engineering and environmental problems; 
 cost overruns or supply chain disruptions; 
 accidents involving personal injury or the loss of life 
 weather conditions, health crises, pandemics, catastrophic events, including fires, explosions, earthquakes, droughts and acts of terrorism, and other force majeure events; and 
 interconnection and access to utilities. 
 
 In addition, new projects have no operating history. A new project may be unable to fund principal and interest payments under its debt service obligations or may operate at a loss. 
 
 Our Fueling Station construction activities for commercial fleets and other counterparties are subject to business and operational risks, including predicting demand in a particular market or markets, land use, permitting or zoning difficulties, responsibility for actions of sub-contractors on jobs in which we serve as general contractor, potential labor shortages due to the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, and cost overruns. 
 
 As part of our business activities, we design and construct Fueling Stations that we either own and operate ourselves or provide these services for our counterparties. These activities require a significant amount of judgment in determining where to build and open Fueling Stations, including predictions about fuel demand that may not be accurate for any of the locations we target. As a result, we may build Fueling Stations that we may not open for fueling operations, and we may open Fueling Stations that fail to generate the volume or profitability levels we anticipate, either or both of which could occur due to a lack of sufficient customer demand at the specific locations or for other reasons. For any Fueling Stations that are completed but unopened, we would have substantial investments in assets that do not produce revenue, and for Fueling Stations that are open and underperforming, we may decide to close them. 
 
 We also face many operational challenges in connection with our Fueling Station design and construction activities. For example, we may not be able to identify suitable locations for the Fueling Stations we or our counterparties seek to build. Additionally, even if preferred sites can be located, we may encounter land use or zoning difficulties, problems with utility services, challenges obtaining and retaining required permits and approvals or local resistance, including due to reduced operations of permitting agencies because of the COVID-19 pandemic, any of which could prevent us or our counterparties from building new stations on such sites or limit or restrict the use of new or existing stations. Any such difficulties, resistance or limitations or any failure to comply with local permit, land use or zoning requirements could restrict our activities or expose us to fines, reputational damage or other liabilities, which would harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, we act as the general contractor and construction manager for new Fueling Station construction and facility modification projects, and we typically rely on licensed subcontractors to perform the construction work. We may be liable for any damage we or our subcontractors cause or for injuries suffered by our employees or our subcontractors employees during the course of work on our projects. Additionally, shortages of skilled subcontractor labor and any supply chain disruptions affecting access to and cost of construction materials could significantly delay a project or otherwise increase our costs. Further, our expected profit from a project is based in part on assumptions about the cost of the project, and cost overruns, delays or other execution issues may, in the case of projects we complete and sell to counterparties, result in our failure to achieve our expected margins or cover our costs, and in the case of projects we build and own, result in our failure to achieve an acceptable rate of return. If any of these events occur, our business, operating results and cash flows could be negatively affected. 
 
 Additional Risk Factors Relating to Our Business in General 
 
 Certain of our Biogas Conversion Projects and Fueling Stations are newly constructed or are under construction and may not perform as we expect. 
 
 We have a number of Biogas Conversion Projects under construction that will begin production over the next 18-24 months. Therefore, our expectations of the operating performance of these facilities are based on assumptions 
 40 

and estimates made without the benefit of operating history. Our forecasts with respect to our new and developing projects, and related estimates and assumptions, are based on limited operating history or expected operating results. These facilities also include digesters under development for which we have no operating history. The ability of these facilities to meet our performance expectations is subject to the risks inherent in newly constructed energy generation and RNG production facilities and the construction of such facilities, including delays or problems in construction, degradation of equipment in excess of our expectations, system failures, and outages. The failure of these facilities to perform as we expect could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our contracts with government entities may be subject to unique risks, including possible termination of or reduction in the governmental programs under which we operate, instances in which our contract provisions allow the government entity to terminate, amend or change terms at their convenience, and competitive bidding processes for the award of contracts. 
 
 We have, and expect to continue to seek, long-term Fueling Station construction, maintenance and fuel sale contracts with various government entities. In addition to normal business risks, including the other risks discussed in these risk factors, our contracts with government entities are often subject to unique risks, some of which are beyond our control. For example, long-term government contracts and related orders are subject to cancellation if adequate appropriations for subsequent performance periods are not made. Further, the termination of funding for a government program supporting any of our government contracts could result in the loss of anticipated future revenue attributable to such contract. Moreover, government entities with which we contract are often able to modify, curtail or terminate contracts with us at their convenience and without prior notice, and would only be required to pay for work completed and commitments made at or prior to the time of termination. 
 
 In addition, government contracts are frequently awarded only after competitive bidding processes, which are often protracted. In many cases, unsuccessful bidders for government contracts are provided the opportunity to formally protest the contract awards through various agencies or other administrative and judicial channels. The protest process may substantially delay a successful bidder s contract performance, result in cancellation of the contract award entirely and distract management. As a result, we may not be awarded contracts for which we bid, and substantial delays or cancellation of government contracts may follow any successful bids as a result of any protests by other bidders. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our level of indebtedness and our redeemable preferred non-controlling interests' redemption obligations could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations and acquisitions. It could also expose us to the risk of increased interest rates and limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to fund our operations or growth. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total indebtedness was 170 million, excluding deferred financing costs. Additionally, on November 29, 2021, we entered into an Exchange Agreement with Hillman pursuant to which OPAL Fuels issued to Hillman Series A-1 Preferred Units of OPAL Fuels, which are redeemable after four years at the option of Hillman for an aggregate redemption price of 30.0 million plus accrued and unpaid dividends thereon. In addition, we have drawn down the NextEra 100.0 million subscription commitment and issued to NextEra 1,000,000 Series A Preferred Units of OPAL Fuels, which are redeemable after four years at the option of NextEra for an aggregate redemption price of 100.0 million plus accrued and unpaid dividends thereon. 
 
 Our substantial indebtedness and preferred units redemption obligations could have important consequences, including, for example: 
 
 being required to accept then-prevailing market terms in connection with any required refinancing of such indebtedness or redemption obligations, which may be less favorable than existing terms; 
 being required to accept then-prevailing market terms in connection with any required refinancing of such indebtedness or redemption obligations, which may be less favorable than existing terms; 
 failure to refinance, or to comply with the covenants in the agreements governing, these obligations could result in an event of default under those agreements, which could be difficult to cure or result in our bankruptcy; 
 41 

our debt service and dividend obligations require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt and dividends on our preferred units, thereby reducing the funds available to us and our ability to borrow to operate and grow our business; 
 Increase in interest rates on our existing debt facilities or a reduction in the supply of project debt financing could reduce our ability to construct and operate new RNG projects or fueling stations; 
 our limited financial flexibility could reduce our ability to plan for and react to unexpected opportunities; and 
 our substantial debt service obligations make us vulnerable to adverse changes in general economic, credit and capital markets, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation and place us at a disadvantage compared with competitors with less debt or mandatory redeemable preferred units. 
 
 Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we do not comply with our obligations under our debt instruments or with respect to our preferred units, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt and preferred units, borrow additional amounts or sell securities, which we may not be able to do on favorable terms or at all. In addition, increases in interest and dividend rates and changes in debt and preferred equity covenants may reduce the amounts that we can borrow or otherwise finance, reduce our cash flows and increase the equity investment we may be required to make to complete construction of our Biogas Conversion Projects and Fueling Stations. These increases could cause some of our projects to become economically unattractive. If we are unable to raise additional capital or generate sufficient operating cash flow to repay our indebtedness and preferred unit obligations, we could be in default under our lending agreements and preferred unit designations and could be required to delay construction of new projects, reduce overhead costs, reduce the scope of our projects or abandon or sell some or all of our projects, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our existing credit facilities contain financial covenants and our credit facilities and preferred stock designations contain other restrictive covenants that limit our ability to return capital to equity holders or otherwise engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interests. Our inability to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default or material breach which, if not cured or waived, may entitle the related lenders or preferred unit holders to higher interest or dividend payment to demand repayment or enforce their security interests (in the case of indebtedness) and other remedies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, failure to comply with such covenants may entitle the related lenders to demand repayment and accelerate all such indebtedness. Further, in certain circumstances following a failure to timely redeem our Preferred Stock, holders of such Preferred Stock have the right to designate a director to our board of directors. 
 
 In connection with certain project development opportunities, we have utilized project-level financing in the past and may need to do so again in the future; however, we may not be able to obtain such financing on commercially reasonable terms or at all. The agreements governing such financings typically contain financial and other restrictive covenants that limit a project subsidiary s ability to make distributions to its parent or otherwise engage in activities that may be in its long-term best interests. Project-level financing agreements generally prohibit distributions from the project entities to us unless certain specific conditions are met, including the satisfaction of certain financial ratios or a facility achieving commercial operations. Our inability to comply with such covenants may prevent cash distributions by the particular project or projects to us and could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, may entitle the related lenders to demand repayment or enforce their security interests, which could result in a loss of project assets and/or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our cash could be adversely affected if the financial institutions in which we hold our cash fail. 
 
 The Company maintains domestic cash deposits in Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insured banks. The domestic bank deposit balances may exceed the FDIC insurance limits. These balances could be impacted if one or more of the financial institutions in which we deposit monies fails or is subject to other adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets. 
 
 42 

Liabilities and costs associated with hazardous materials and contamination and other environmental conditions may require us to conduct investigations or remediation at the properties underlying our projects, may adversely impact the value of our projects or the underlying properties, and may expose us to liabilities to third parties. 
 
 We may incur liabilities for the investigation and cleanup of any environmental contamination at the properties underlying or adjacent to our projects, or at off-site locations where we arrange for the disposal of hazardous substances or wastes. Under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 and other federal, state and local laws, an owner or operator of a property may become liable for costs of investigation and remediation, and for damages to natural resources. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the release of such hazardous substances or whether the conduct giving rise to the release was legal at the time when it occurred. In addition, liability under certain of these laws is joint and several, which means that we may be assigned liabilities for hazardous substance conditions that exceed our action contributions to the contamination conditions. We also may be subject to related claims by private parties alleging property damage and personal injury due to exposure to hazardous or other materials at or from those properties. We may incur substantial investigation costs, remediation costs or other damages, thus harming our business, financial condition and results of operations, as a result of the presence or release of hazardous substances at locations where we operate or as a result of our own operations. 
 
 The presence of environmental contamination at a project may adversely affect an owner s ability to sell such project or borrow funds using the project as collateral. To the extent that an owner of the real property underlying one of our projects becomes liable with respect to contamination at the real property, the ability of the owner to make payments to us may be adversely affected. 
 
 We may also face liabilities in cases of exposure to hazardous materials, and claims for such exposure can be brought by any third party, including workers, employees, contractors and the general public. Claims can be asserted by such persons relating to personal injury or property damage, and resolving such claims can be expensive and time consuming, even if there is little or no basis for the claim. 
 
 We have a history of accounting losses and may incur additional losses in the future. 
 
 The Company has incurred net losses historically. We may incur losses in future periods, and we may never sustain profitability, either of which would adversely affect our business, prospects and financial condition and may cause the price of common stock to fall. Furthermore, historical losses may not be indicative of future losses due to many factors outside of our control including but not limited to the unpredictability of the COVID-19 pandemic, and our future losses may be greater than our past losses. In addition, to try to achieve or sustain profitability, we may choose or be forced to take actions that result in material costs or material asset or goodwill impairments. We review our assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable, and we perform a goodwill impairment test on an annual basis and between annual tests in certain circumstances, in each case in accordance with applicable accounting guidance and as described in the financial statements and notes to the financial statements included in this report. Changes to the use of our assets, divestitures, changes to the structure of our business, significant negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to our operations, inability to effectively integrate any acquired businesses, further market capitalization declines, or other similar actions or conditions could result in additional asset impairment or goodwill impairment charges or other adverse consequences, any of which could have material adverse effects on our financial condition, our results of operations and the trading price of common stock. 
 
 Loss of our key management could adversely affect our business performance. Our management team has limited experience in operating a public company such as us. 
 
 We are dependent on the efforts of our key management. Although we believe qualified replacements could be found for any departures of key executives, the loss of their services could adversely affect our performance and the value of our Class A common stock. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and measures intended to reduce its spread have, and may continue to, adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Beginning in late 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) spread throughout the world, including the United States, ultimately being declared a pandemic. Global health concerns and increased efforts to reduce the 
 43 

spread of the COVID-19 pandemic prompted federal, state and local governments to restrict normal daily activities, which resulted in lockdowns, travel bans, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders requiring individuals to remain in their homes other than to conduct essential services or activities, business limitations and shutdowns (subject to exceptions for certain essential operations and businesses, including our business). Some of these governmental restrictions have since been scaled back or lifted, although an increase in the prevalence of COVID-19 cases and the spread of new variants may result in the re-imposition of certain restrictions and may lead to other restrictions being implemented in response to efforts to reduce the spread of COVID-19. Given the dynamic nature of these circumstances and the related adverse impact these restrictions have had, and may continue to have, on the economy generally, our business and financial results may continue to be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Our operations have been designated essential critical infrastructure work in the energy sector by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, meaning that we have been able to continue full operations. Despite our essential designation and our continued operations, however, we are subject to various risk and uncertainties because of the COVID-19 pandemic that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including the following: 
 
 a further delay in the adoption of natural gas vehicle fuels by heavy-duty trucks and/or a delay in increasing the use of our vehicle fuels; 
 a continued or further decrease in the volume of truck and fleet operations, including shuttle busses at airports, and lower-than-normal levels of public transportation generally, which have resulted in, and may continue to result in, decreased demand for our vehicle fuels; 
 a further delay in the adoption of natural gas vehicle fuels by heavy-duty trucks and/or a delay in increasing the use of our vehicle fuels; 
 a continued or further decrease in the volume of truck and fleet operations, including shuttle busses at airports, and lower-than-normal levels of public transportation generally, which have resulted in, and may continue to result in, decreased demand for our vehicle fuels; 
 the impact of business disruptions on the production of vehicles and engines that use our fuels, which has resulted in, and may continue to result in, plant closures, decreased manufacturing capacity, and delays in deliveries; and 
 depressed oil and diesel prices, especially relative to natural gas prices and for a prolonged period, which may decrease the price-related incentive for operators to adopt trucks that use our vehicle fuels. 
 
 The duration and extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and financial results will depend on future developments, including the duration, severity and spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, actions taken to contain its spread, any further resurgence of COVID-19, the severity and transmission rates of new variants of COVID-19, the availability, distribution and efficacy of vaccines and therapeutics for COVID-19 and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can (and will) resume within the markets in which we operate, each of which are highly uncertain at this time and are outside of our control. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic subsides, we may continue to experience adverse effects to our business and financial results because of its global economic impact, including any economic downturn or recession that has occurred or may occur. The adverse effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations and financial condition could be material. 
 
 Some relationships with our counterparties and suppliers may experience disruptions as a result of the Business Combination, which may limit our business. 
 
 Parties with which OPAL Fuels did business prior to the Business Combination or with which we may do business in the future, including our counterparties and suppliers, may experience uncertainty as a result of the Business Combination, including with respect to current or future business relationships with us. As a result, our business relationships may be subject to disruptions if our counterparties and suppliers or others attempt to negotiate changes in existing business relationships or consider entering into business relationships with parties other than us. For example, certain of our counterparties, suppliers and third-party providers may have had contractual consent rights or termination rights that were triggered by a change of control or assignment of the rights and obligations of contracts that was transferred in connection with the Business Combination. These disruptions could harm relationships with our existing third parties with whom we have relationships and preclude us from attracting new 
 44 

third parties, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, cash flows, and/or share price. 
 
 We have identified material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate these material weaknesses, or if we identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fails to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately or timely report its financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect our business and stock price. 
 
 In connection with the preparation and audit of our consolidated financial statements for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we identified material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of its annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected, on a timely basis. 
 
 These material weaknesses identified were as follows: 
 
 A lack of an adequate control environment, including internal communications, to allow for timeliness of reviews for the accounting and disclosures of significant and unusual transactions and contracts; 
 
 We did not have timely and effective reviews over standard account reconciliations and related accounting analysis which resulted in various audit adjustments that we corrected; and 
 
 Our review controls over application of Accounting Standards Codification ('ASC")-606 were not designed and implemented appropriately during the current year. 
 
 These material weaknesses could result in a misstatement of substantially all of our accounts or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement to our annual or interim financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 
 
 We have developed and begun executing on a plan to remediate these material weaknesses. Our remediation plans include measures such as: designing and implementing formal processes, policies and procedures supporting our financial close process, creating standard balance sheet reconciliation templates and journal entry controls; and designing and implementing controls to formalize roles and review responsibilities to align with our team s skills. 
 
 While we believe these efforts are likely to remediate the material weaknesses identified, we may not be able to complete our evaluation, testing or any required remediation in a timely fashion, or at all. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting is subject to various inherent limitations, including cost limitations, judgments used in decision making, assumptions about the likelihood of future events, the possibility of human error and the risk of fraud. If we are unable to remediate the material weaknesses identified, our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately, and to prepare financial statements within the time periods specified by the forms of the SEC, could be adversely affected which, in turn, may adversely affect our reputation and business and the market price of our securities, including the Class A common stock. In addition, any such failures could result in litigation or regulatory actions by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, loss of investor confidence, delisting of our securities and harm to our reputation and financial condition, or diversion of financial and management resources from the operation of our business. 
 
 Our failure to timely and effectively implement controls and procedures required by Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on its business. 
 
 We are currently not subject to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. However, we are required to provide management s attestation on internal controls commencing with our annual report for the year ending December 31, 2022 in accordance with applicable SEC guidance. The standards required for a public company under Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act are significantly more stringent than those required of OPAL Fuels historically as a privately-held company or by ArcLight prior to the Closing. Our management team may not be able to effectively and timely implement controls and procedures that adequately respond to the increased regulatory compliance and reporting requirements as a result of the Business Combination. If we are not able to implement the additional 
 45 

requirements of Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner or with adequate compliance, we may not be able to assess whether its internal controls over financial reporting are effective, which may subject it to adverse regulatory consequences and could harm investor confidence and the market price of our securities. 

Risks Related to the Company 
 
 Future sales and issuances of our Class A common stock could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our shareholders and could cause our share price to fall. 
 
 We expect that significant additional capital will be needed in the future to pursue our growth plan. To raise capital, we may sell shares of our Class A common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell shares of our Class A common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. Such sales may also result in material dilution to our existing shareholders, and new investors could gain rights, preferences, and privileges senior to existing holders of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Future sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares of Class A common stock intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock in the public market, including the resale of the shares of held by our stockholders, could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares of Class A common stock intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Approximately 155,237,646 of these shares of Class A common stock were subject to restrictions on transfer under a 180-day lock-up agreement entered into between us and the holders of those shares. These restrictions expired on January 17, 2023, resulting in these shares becoming eligible for public sale on January 18, 2023. Sales of such shares may be made under the registration statement filed under the Securities Act, or in reliance upon an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. Pursuant to that certain Investor Rights Agreement, dated July 21, 2022, by and among OPAL Fuels Inc., each of the sellers named therein, the Sponsor and the sponsor principals, those stockholders are entitled to have the registration statement under the Securities Act kept effective for a prolonged period of time such that registered resales of their shares of Class A common stock can be made. 
 
 Until such time that such registration statement is no longer effective, the registration statement registering such securities will permit the resale of these shares. The resale, or expected or potential resale, of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock in the public market could adversely affect the market price for our Class A common stock and make it more difficult for you to sell your holdings at times and prices that you determine are appropriate. Furthermore, we expect that, because a large number of shares were registered pursuant to such registration statement, the Selling Holders thereunder will continue to offer the securities covered thereby for a significant period of time, the precise duration of which cannot be predicted. Accordingly, the adverse market and price pressures resulting from an offering pursuant to the registration statement may continue for an extended period of time. 
 
 If certain holders of our Class A common stock sell a significant portion of their securities, it may negatively impact the market price of the shares of our Class A common stock and such holders still may receive significant proceeds. 
 
 As of the date of this report, the market price of our Class A common stock is below 10.00 per share, which was the price per unit sold in the initial public offering of our predecessor, ArcLight, the per-share price of the 11,080,600 shares of our Class A common stock sold to the PIPE Investors and also the per share value of the consideration issued to OPAL Fuels Common equity holders upon consummation of our Business Combination. However, certain of our shareholders who hold shares of our Class A common stock that were originally purchased by Arclight s Sponsor in a private placement prior to Arclight s initial public offering (the Founder Shares ), may nonetheless be inclined to sell such Founder Shares as they were originally purchased at an effective price significantly less than 10.00 per share. The currently outstanding Founder Shares were purchased at an effective price of 0.003 per share. Accordingly, holders of the Founder Shares could sell their securities at a per-share price 
 46 

that is less than 10.00 and still realize a significant profit from the sale of those securities that could not be realized by our other shareholders. 
 
 Litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and have a negative impact on our reputations or business. 
 
 We may become subject to claims, litigation, disputes and other legal proceedings from time to time. We evaluate these claims, litigation, disputes and other legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates, we may establish reserves, as appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on the information available to each management team at the time of its respective assessment and involve a significant amount of management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from our assessments and estimates. 
 
 Under the terms of ArcLight s placement agent agreements with BofA Securities, Inc. BofA ), Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC CS ), Barclays Capital Inc. Barclays and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Citi and together with BofA, CS and Barclays, the Advisors entered into in connection with the PIPE Investment, its financial advisory agreement with Citi entered into in connection with the Business Combination, and its Underwriting Agreement with Citi and Barclays entered in connection with ArcLight s IPO, ArcLight agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each of the respective Advisors, their affiliates and each of their respective directors, officers, agents and employees from and against any losses and claims arising in any manner out of or in connection with the services provided to ArcLight thereunder. Under the terms of OPAL Fuels s financial advisory agreements with BofA and CS, OPAL Fuels agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each of BofA and CS, their affiliates and each of their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any losses and claims arising in any manner out of or in connection with the services provided to OPAL Fuels thereunder. Accordingly, if any claims, litigation, disputes or other legal proceedings are brought by third parties against any of the Advisors in relation to the services it provided to ArcLight or OPAL Fuels under any of these agreements, then we may be liable to pay for or reimburse such Advisor or Advisors for the losses and costs it incurs unless the losses and costs are finally judicially determined to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Advisor or Advisors or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents. Additionally, each of the agreements described above contains a contribution provision in the event that such indemnification is unavailable or otherwise prohibited by law, however, the contribution obligations of each Advisor are limited to the amount of compensation or fees actually paid to such party in respect of the engagement. As a result, the contribution obligations of Barclays and Citi under the Underwriting Agreement are limited to the initial underwriting commission paid at the time of ArcLight s IPO and the Advisors otherwise have no further contribution liability under the other agreements (including the Underwriting Agreement) because they waived their rights to any fees or deferred underwriting commissions in connection with their resignations. Therefore, as a result of the Advisors resignations, and in contrast to other transactions where the underwriters and financial advisors did not resign and waive rights to fees or deferred underwriting commissions, as the case may be, our potential financial liability with respect to an indemnified loss where such indemnification is otherwise unavailable to the indemnified party may be higher under the respective agreements than it would have been had such underwriters and financial advisors not resigned and waived their rights to any fees or deferred underwriting commissions. 
 
 Even when not merited or whether or not we ultimately prevail, the defense of these lawsuits may divert management s attention, and we may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits. The results of litigation and other legal proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse judgments or settlements in some of these legal disputes may result in adverse monetary damages, penalties or injunctive relief against us which could negatively impact any of our financial positions, cash flows or results of operations. Further, any liability or negligence claim against us in US courts may, if successful, result in damages being awarded that contain punitive elements and therefore may significantly exceed the loss or damage suffered by the successful claimant. Any claims or litigation, even if fully indemnified or insured, could damage our reputation and make it more difficult to compete effectively or to obtain adequate insurance in the future. A settlement or an unfavorable outcome in a legal dispute could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects. 
 
 Furthermore, while we maintain insurance for certain potential liabilities, such insurance does not cover all types and amounts of potential liabilities and is subject to various exclusions as well as caps on amounts recoverable. Even if we believe a claim is covered by insurance, insurers may dispute its entitlement to recovery for a variety of potential reasons, which may affect the timing and, if the insurers prevail, the amount of our recovery. 
 
 47 

Our business and operations could be negatively affected if we become subject to any securities litigation or shareholder activism, which could cause us to incur significant expense, hinder execution of business and growth strategy and impact its stock price. 
 
 In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. Shareholder activism, which could take many forms or arise in a variety of situations, has been increasing recently. Volatility in the stock price of our Class A common stock or other reasons may in the future cause it to become the target of securities litigation or shareholder activism. Securities litigation and shareholder activism, including potential proxy contests, could result in substantial costs and divert management s and our board s attention and resources from our business. Additionally, such securities litigation and shareholder activism could give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future, adversely affect our relationships with service providers and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel. Also, we may be required to incur significant legal fees and other expenses related to any securities litigation and activist shareholder matters. Further, our stock price could be subject to significant fluctuation or otherwise be adversely affected by the events, risks and uncertainties of any securities litigation and shareholder activism. 
 
 We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that will increase both our costs and the risk of noncompliance. 
 
 We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations has resulted in increased general and administrative expenses. 
 
 Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company, and our election to comply with the reduced disclosure requirements as a public company may make our Class A common stock less attractive to investors. 
 
 For so long as we remain an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various requirements that are applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including not being required to comply with the independent auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, being required to provide fewer years of audited financial statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 
 
 We may lose our emerging growth company status and become subject to the SEC s internal control over financial reporting auditor attestation requirements. If we are unable to certify the effectiveness of our internal controls, or if our internal controls have a material weakness, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny and a loss of confidence by stockholders, which could harm our business and adversely affect the market price of the common stock. We will cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have more than 1.235 billion in annual revenue; (ii) the date we qualify as a large accelerated filer, with at least 700.0 million of equity securities held by non-affiliates; (iii) the date on which we have, in any three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities; and (iv) December 31, 2026 (the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of ArcLight becoming a public company). 
 
 As an emerging growth company, we may choose to take advantage of some but not all of these reduced reporting burdens. Accordingly, the information we provide to our stockholders may be different than the information you receive from other public companies in which you hold stock. In addition, the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. We have elected to take advantage of this extended transition period under the JOBS Act. As a result, our operating results and financial statements may not be comparable to the operating results and financial statements of other companies who have adopted the new or revised accounting standards. It is possible that some 
 48 

investors will find our Class A common stock less attractive as a result, which may result in a less active trading market for our Class A common stock and higher volatility in our stock price. 
 
 Our current majority stockholder has control over all stockholder decisions because it controls a substantial majority of our voting power through high vote voting stock. Such majority stockholder, and the persons controlling such majority stockholder, including Fortistar and Mr. Mark Comora, our Chairman of the board of directors, may have potential conflicts of interest in connection with existing or proposed business relationships and decisions impacting us and, even in situations where it does not have a conflict of interest, its interests in such matters may be different than the other stockholders. 
 
 The dual-class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with Mr. Mark Comora who, through his control of OPAL Holdco and Hillman, beneficially owns in the aggregate a substantial majority of the voting power of our capital stock on most issues of corporate governance. Mr. Mark Comora beneficially owns 145,279,637 shares of OPAL, comprising 84.4 of our outstanding common stock as of March 27, 2023. All of these shares (with the exception of 880,600 shares of Class A common stock purchased by Fortistar in the PIPE Investment) are Class D common stock, which have no economic rights but are entitled to five votes per share, giving Mr. Mark Comora control over 96.6 of our voting power. OPAL Holdco and Hillman are controlled, indirectly, by Mr. Mark Comora through entities affiliated with Mr. Mark Comora, including Fortistar and certain of its other affiliates. Mr. Mark Comora is the Chairman of our board of directors. 
 
 Accordingly, Mr. Mark Comora is able to control most matters submitted to our stockholders for approval. This concentrated control will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future, including the election of directors, amendments to our organizational documents, and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other major corporate transaction requiring stockholder approval. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our capital stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. More specifically, Mr. Mark Comora has the ability to control our management and our major strategic investments and decisions as a result of his ability to control the election or, in some cases, the replacement of our directors. In the event of the death of Mr. Mark Comora, control of the shares of common stock controlled by Mr. Mark Comora will be transferred to the persons or entities that he has designated. In his position as the Chairman of our board, Mr. Mark Comora owes a fiduciary duty to our stockholders and must act in good faith in a manner he reasonably believes to be in the best interests of our stockholders. As a beneficial owner of our common stock, even as a controlling stockholder Mr. Mark Comora is entitled to vote the shares he controls, in his own interests, which may not always be in the interests of our stockholders generally. 
 
 Future transfers by holders of Class C common stock and Class D common stock, which carry five votes per share, will generally result in those shares converting to Class A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively, which carry only one vote per share, unless in each case made to a Qualified Stockholder (as defined in the Second A R LLC Agreement). The conversion of Class D common stock to Class B common stock and the conversion of Class C common stock to Class A common stock, as the case may be, means that no third party stockholders can leverage the high vote to offset the voting power held by the OPAL Holdco and Hillman. 
 
 In addition, Fortistar and certain of its affiliates (other than our subsidiaries), which are controlled by Mr. Mark Comora (who also controls OPAL Holdco and Hillman), manage numerous investment vehicles and separately managed accounts. Fortistar and these affiliates may compete with us for acquisition and other business opportunities, which may present conflicts of interest for these persons. If these entities or persons decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from procuring such opportunities. In addition, investment ideas generated within Fortistar and these affiliates may be suitable both for us and for current or future investment vehicles managed by Fortistar and these affiliates and may be directed to such investment vehicles rather than to us. Neither Fortistar nor members of our management team who are also members of the management of Fortistar or of any of these affiliates, including Mr. Mark Comora and Mr. Nadeem Nisar (who serves on our board), have any obligation to present us with any potential business opportunity of which they become aware, unless, (i) such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a one of our directors or officers, (ii) such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and (iii) the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Fortistar and/or members of our management team, such as Mr. Mark Comora or Mr. Nisar in their capacities as management of Fortistar or in their other endeavors, may be required to present potential business opportunities to the related entities described above, current or future affiliates of Fortistar, or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us. The personal and financial interests of such persons described above may be in conflict with the interests of ours and 
 49 

influence their motivation in identifying and selecting our business opportunities, their support or lack thereof for pursuing such business opportunities and our operations. 
 
 The existence of a family relationship between Mr. Mark Comora, as our Chairman of our board, and Mr. Adam Comora, as our Co-Chief Executive Officer, may result in a conflict of interest on the part of such persons between what he, in his capacity as Chairman or Co-Chief Executive Officer, respectively, may believe is in our best interests and the interests of our stockholders in connection with a decision to be made by us through our board, standing committees thereof, and management and what he may believe is best for himself or his family members in connection with the same decision. 
 
 Mr. Mark Comora and Mr. Adam Comora are father and son. In his position as the Chairman of our board, Mr. Mark Comora owes a fiduciary duty to our stockholders and must act in good faith in a manner he reasonably believes to be in the best interests of the stockholders. And in his position as our Co-Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Adam Comora owes a fiduciary duty to our stockholders and must act in good faith in a manner he reasonably believes to be in the best interests of the stockholders. Nevertheless, the existence of this family relationship may result in a conflict of interest on the part of such persons between what he may believe is in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders and what he may believe is best for himself or his family members in connection with a business opportunity or other matter to be decided by OPAL through its board, standing committees thereof, and management. Moreover, even if such family relationship does not create an actual conflict, the perception of a conflict in the press or the financial or business community generally could create negative publicity or other reaction with respect to the business opportunity or other matters to be decided by us through our board, standing committees thereof, and management, which could adversely affect the business generated by us and our relationships with its existing customers and other counterparties, impact the behavior of third party participants or other persons in the proposed business opportunity or other matter to be decided, otherwise negatively impact our business prospects related to such matter, or negatively impact the trading market for our securities. 
 
 Our only material assets are our direct interests in OPAL Fuels, and we are accordingly dependent upon distributions from OPAL Fuels to pay dividends and taxes and other expenses. 
 
 We are a holding company and have no material assets other than our ownership of Class A Units in OPAL Fuels. We therefore have no independent means of generating revenue. We intend to cause our subsidiaries (including OPAL Fuels) to make distributions in an amount sufficient to cover all applicable taxes and other expenses payable and dividends, if any, declared by us. The agreements governing our debt facilities impose, and agreements governing our future debt facilities are expected to impose, certain restrictions on distributions by such subsidiaries to us, and may limit our ability to pay cash dividends. The terms of any credit agreements or other borrowing arrangements that we may enter into in the future may impose similar restrictions. To the extent that we needs funds, and any of our direct or indirect subsidiaries is restricted from making such distributions under these debt agreements or applicable law or regulation, or is otherwise unable to provide such funds, it could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 
 
 If we are deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act as a result of our ownership of OPAL Fuels, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on its business. 
 
 A person may be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act if it owns investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items), absent an applicable exemption. We have no material assets other than our interests in OPAL Fuels. As managing member of OPAL Fuels, we generally have control over all of the affairs and decision making of OPAL Fuels. On the basis of our control over OPAL Fuels, we believe our direct interest in OPAL Fuels is not an investment security within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. If we were to cease participation in the management of OPAL Fuels, however, our interest in OPAL Fuels could be deemed an investment security, which could result in our being required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act and becoming subject to the registration and other requirements of the Investment Company Act. 
 
 The Investment Company Act and the rules thereunder contain detailed parameters for the organization and operations of investment companies. Among other things, the Investment Company Act and the rules thereunder limit or prohibit transactions with affiliates, impose limitations on the issuance of debt and equity securities, prohibit the 
 50 

issuance of stock options and impose certain governance requirements. We intend to conduct our operations so that we will not be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. However, if anything were to happen which would require us to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, requirements imposed by the Investment Company Act, including limitations on its capital structure, ability to transact business with affiliates and ability to compensate key employees, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as currently conducted, impair the agreements and arrangements between and among us, OPAL Fuels, members of their respective management teams and related entities or any combination thereof and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are a controlled company, and thus not subject to all of the corporate governance rules of Nasdaq. You will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to such requirements. 
 
 We are considered a controlled company under the rules of Nasdaq. Controlled companies are exempt from the Nasdaq corporate governance rules requiring that listed companies have (i) a majority of the board of directors consist of independent directors under the listing standards of Nasdaq, (ii) a nominating/corporate governance committee composed entirely of independent directors and a written nominating/corporate governance committee charter meeting the Nasdaq requirements and (iii) a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors and a written compensation committee charter meeting the requirements of Nasdaq. We expect to take advantage of some or all of the exemptions described above for so long as we are a controlled company. If we use some or all of these exemptions, you may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq. 
 
 The dual-class structure of our common stock may adversely affect the trading market for the shares of Class A common stock. 
 
 We cannot predict whether our dual class structure, which affords the shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock one vote per share while affording the shares of Class C common stock and Class D common stock with five votes per share, combined with our concentrated voting control by OPAL Holdco due to its ownership of shares of Class D common stock, will result in a lower or more volatile market price of the shares of Class A common stock or in adverse publicity or other adverse consequences. For example, certain index providers have announced restrictions on including companies with multiple-class share structures in certain of their indexes. Under any such announced policies or future policies, our dual class capital structure could make us ineligible for inclusion in certain indices, and as a result, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds and other investment vehicles that attempt to passively track those indices will not be investing in our stock. It is unclear what effect, if any, these policies will have on the valuations of publicly traded companies excluded from such indices, but it is possible that they may depress valuations as compared to similar companies that are included. As a result, the market price of shares of Class A common stock could be adversely affected. 
 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq. 
 
 Our shares of Class A common stock are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol OPAL . If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange for failure to meet the listing standards, we and our stockholders could face significant negative consequences. The consequences of failing to meet the listing requirements include: 
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 
 a determination that the Class A common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in the Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules; 
 possible reduction in the level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for shares of the Class A common stock; 
 a limited amount of analyst coverage; and 
 a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 
 Because there are no current plans to pay cash dividends on shares of common stock for the foreseeable future, you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell your shares of common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 
 We intend to retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and debt repayment and there are no current plans to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. The declaration, amount and payment of any future 
 51 

dividends on shares of common stock will be at the sole discretion of our board, who may take into account general and economic conditions, our financial condition and results of operations, our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs, capital requirements, contractual, legal, tax, and regulatory restrictions, implications on the payment of dividends by us to our its stockholders or by our subsidiaries to us and such other factors our board may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends is limited by covenants of any indebtedness we incur. As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in the shares of Class A common stock unless you sell your shares of Class A common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions are contained in the Organizational Documents that could delay or prevent a change of control. 
 
 Certain provisions of the Organizational Documents may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, defer or prevent a merger, acquisition, tender offer, takeover attempt or other change of control transaction that a stockholder of ours might consider is in its best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares of our Class A common stock. 
 
 These provisions, among other things: 
 
 authorize our board to issue new series of preferred stock without stockholder approval and create, subject to applicable law, a series of preferred stock with preferential rights to dividends or our assets upon liquidation, or with superior voting rights to the existing shares of common stock; 
 eliminate the ability of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; 
 eliminate the ability of stockholders to fill vacancies on our board; 
 establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings; 
 permit our board to establish the number of directors; 
 provide that our board is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal the Bylaws; and 
 limit the jurisdictions in which certain stockholder litigation may be brought. 
 
 These anti-takeover provisions, together with the control of the voting power of by OPAL Holdco, could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us, even if the third party s offer may be considered beneficial by many of our stockholders. As a result, our stockholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. 
 
 In certain cases, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement may be accelerated and/or significantly exceed the actual benefits that we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 
 Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be based on the tax reporting positions that we determine, and the IRS or another tax authority may challenge all or a part of the existing tax basis, tax basis increases, or other tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement, and a court could sustain such challenge. The parties to the Tax Receivable Agreement will not reimburse us for any payments previously made if such tax basis is, or other tax benefits are, subsequently disallowed, except that any excess payments made to a party under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be netted against future payments otherwise to be made under the Tax Receivable Agreement, if any, after the determination of such excess. 
 
 If we experience a change of control (as defined under the Tax Receivable Agreement, which includes certain mergers, any plan of liquidation and other forms of business combinations or changes of control) or the Tax Receivable Agreement terminates early (at our election or as a result of a breach, including a breach for our failing to make timely payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for more than three months, except in the case of certain liquidity exceptions), we could be required to make a substantial, immediate lump-sum payment based on the present value of hypothetical future payments that could be required under the Tax Receivable Agreement. The calculation of the hypothetical future payments would be made using certain assumptions and deemed events set forth in the Tax Receivable Agreement, including (i) the sufficiency of taxable income to fully utilize the tax benefits, (ii) any OPAL Fuels Common Units (other than those held by us) outstanding on the termination date are exchanged on the 
 52 

termination date and (iii) the utilization of certain loss carryovers over a certain time period. Our ability to generate net taxable income is subject to substantial uncertainty. Accordingly, as a result of the assumptions, the required lump-sum payment may be significantly in advance of, and could materially exceed, the realized future tax benefits to which the payment relates. 
 
 As a result of either an early termination or a change of control, we could be required to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement that exceed our actual cash savings. Consequently, our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement could have a substantial negative impact on our liquidity and could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes of control. For example, assuming no material changes in the relevant tax law, we expect that if we experienced a change of control the estimated Tax Receivable Agreement lump-sum payment would range from approximately 192.0 million depending on OPAL Fuels s rate of recovery of the tax basis increases associated with the deemed exchange of the OPAL Fuels Common Units (other than those held by us). This estimated Tax Receivable Agreement lump-sum payment is calculated using a discount rate equal to 6.32 , applied against an undiscounted liability of approximately 322.0 million. These amounts are estimates and have been prepared for informational purposes only. The actual amount of deferred tax assets and related liabilities that we will recognize will differ based on, among other things, the timing of the exchanges, the price of the shares of Class A common stock at the time of the exchange, and the tax rates then in effect. There can be no assurance that we will be able to finance our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 
 It is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized in accordance with ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes . As such, the Company has reduced the full carrying amount of the deferred tax assets with a valuation allowance under both scenarios. Management will continue to monitor and consider the available evidence from quarter to quarter, and year to year, to determine if more or less valuation allowance is required at that time. 
 
 Finally, because we are a holding company with no operations of its own, its ability to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement depends on the ability of OPAL Fuels to make distributions to it. To the extent that OPAL is unable to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, such payments will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid, which could negatively impact OPAL s results of operations and could also affect its liquidity in periods in which such payments are made. 
 
 Cybersecurity and Information Technology Risks 
 
 A failure of our IT and data security infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. We rely upon the expertise, reliability and security of our outsourced IT provider and their services to expand and continually update this infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business. Our existing IT systems and any new IT systems may not perform as expected. If we experience a problem with the functioning of any important IT system or a security breach of our network, including during system upgrades or new system implementations, the resulting disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We and some of our third-party vendors receive and store personal information in connection with our human resources operations and other aspects of our business. Despite our implementation of reasonable security measures, our IT systems, like those of other companies, are vulnerable to damages from computer viruses, natural disasters, fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, personnel misconduct, human error, unauthorized access, physical or electronic security breaches, cyber-attacks (including malicious and destructive code, phishing attacks, ransomware, and denial of service attacks), and other similar disruptions. Cybersecurity threat actors employ a wide variety of methods and techniques that are constantly evolving, increasingly sophisticated, and difficult to detect and successfully defend against. 
 
 Cybersecurity incidents could expose us to claims, litigation, regulatory or other governmental investigations, administrative fines and potential liability. A material network breach in the security of our IT systems could include the theft of our trade secrets, customer information, human resources information or other confidential data, including but not limited to personally identifiable information, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 
 Many governments have enacted laws requiring companies to provide notice of cyber incidents involving certain types of data, including personal data. Any compromise of our security could result in a violation of applicable domestic and foreign security, privacy or data protection, consumer and other laws, regulatory or other 
 53 

governmental investigations, enforcement actions, and legal and financial exposure, including potential contractual liability that could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against and remediate damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 As a renewable energy producer, we face various security threats, including among others, computer viruses, malware, telecommunication and electrical failures, cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions over the internet, attachments to emails, persons with access to systems inside our organization, cybersecurity threats to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information or to expose, exfiltrate, alter, delete or render our data or systems unusable, threats to the security of our projects and infrastructure or third-party facilities and infrastructure, such as processing projects and pipelines, natural disasters, threats from terrorist acts and war. 
 
 We take various steps to identify and mitigate potential cybersecurity threats. As cyber incidents become more frequent and the sophistication of threat actors increases, our associated cybersecurity costs are expected to increase. Specifically, we expect to implement several incremental cybersecurity improvements over the next 18 to 36 months to enhance our defensive capabilities and resilience. Despite our ongoing and anticipated cybersecurity efforts, a successful cybersecurity incident could lead to additional material costs, including those related to the loss of sensitive information, repairs to infrastructure or capabilities essential to our operations, responding to litigation or regulatory investigations, and those related to a material and adverse impact on our reputation, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 Our business may be impacted by macroeconomic conditions, including fears concerning the financial services industry, inflation, rising interest rates and volatile market conditions, and other uncertainties beyond our control. 
 
 Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank failed and was taken into receivership by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership; the following week, a syndicate of U.S. banks infused 30 billion in First Republic Bank; and later that same week, the Swiss Central Bank provided 54 billion in covered loan and short-term liquidity facilities to Credit Suisse Group AG, all in an attempt to reassure depositors and calm fears of a banking contagion. Our ability to effectively run our business could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy and in the financial services industry. Various macroeconomic factors could adversely affect our business, including fears concerning the banking sector, changes in inflation, interest rates and overall economic conditions and uncertainties. A severe or prolonged economic downturn could result in a variety of risks, including our ability to raise additional funding on a timely basis or on acceptable terms. A weak or declining economy could also impact third parties upon whom we depend to run our business. Increasing concerns over bank failures and bailouts and their potential broader effects and potential systemic risk on the banking sector generally and on the biotechnology industry and its participants may adversely affect our access to capital and our business and operations more generally. Although we assess our banking relationships as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect us, the financial institutions with which we have arrangements directly, or the financial services industry or economy in general. 
 
 Currently, we do not have a business relationship with any of the banking institutions mentioned above, and our cash, cash equivalents and short term investments have been unaffected by the turmoil in the financial industry; however, we cannot guaranty that the banking institution with which we do business will not face similar circumstances in the future, or that the third parties with whom we do business will not be negatively affected by such circumstances. 

54 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 We do not own any real property. Our corporate headquarters are located in White Plains, New York, where we occupy approximately 13,600 square feet of shared office space with an affiliate of Fortistar pursuant to an Administrative Services Agreement. In addition, we lease office and maintenance facilities in Oronoco, Minnesota and Rancho Cucamonga, California. Our interests in our RNG and Renewable Power projects are our only material properties. See Item 1. Business Our projects for additional information. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Ohio Edison Arbitration Demand 
 
 Noble Road RNG LLC Noble Road ), a subsidiary of Opal Fuels, and Ohio Edison Company Ohio Edison entered into several contracts pursuant to which Ohio Edison agreed to, among other things furnish to Noble Road alternating current, sixty cycle, three phase electrical energy at approximately 12,500 volts, up to approximately 2,100 kW of capacity, and agreed to construct upgrades to Ohio Edison s facilities to serve the required load to Noble Road s RNG facility. 
 
 Noble Road sent Ohio Edison an arbitration demand on January 24, 2022 alleging that, as a result of Ohio Edison s failure to perform under the contracts, Noble Road was substantially delayed in completing its commission activities at its RNG facility and, although it has been able to maintain operations through use of generators, is unable to operate the equipment at its RNG facility at expected capacity. In addition, Noble Road asserts that Ohio Edison s breach of the contracts has caused and continues to cause substantial damage. In its demand, Noble Road has stated that it is willing to defer arbitration in order to allow the parties to focus on reaching a consensual resolution and has proposed that the parties agree to hold the arbitration in abeyance while current efforts to resolve the problems are ongoing. Noble Road and Ohio Edison have entered into a tolling agreement with respect to this matter which is in effect until October 3, 2023. 
 
 See Note 18. Commitments and Contingencies , to the Company s consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K, for information regarding legal proceedings in which we are involved. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Our shares of Class A common stock are traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol "OPAL". 
 
 On March 27, 2023, the closing sale price of our shares of Class A common stock, as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, was 7.26 per share. 
 
 The number of shareholders of record of our shares of Class A common stock was approximately 18 on March 27, 2023. 
 
 Payment of Dividends 
 
 55 

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. Our Board of Directors currently intends to retain any future earnings to support operations and to finance the growth and development of our business, and therefore does not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the near term. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 On July 21, 2022, the Company adopted the OPAL Fuels Inc. 2022 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the "2022 Equity Compensation Plan"). Under the terms of the 2022 Equity Compensation Plan, a maximum of 19,811,726 shares of Class A common stock may be issued. Any director, officer, employee or consultant of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (including any prospective officer or employee) is eligible to be designated to participate in the 2022 Equity Compensation Plan. 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information as of December 31, 2022 regarding the 2022 Equity Compensation Plan. The 2022 Equity Compensation Plan was approved by our shareholders on July 21, 2022. 
 
 Plan Category Securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding restricted stock units, options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Remaining securities for future issuance under equity compensation plans Equity compensation plan approved by security holders 422,349 19,389,377 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 
 
 None 
 
 Purchases of Equity securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 None. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 56 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 In this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section, references to "OPAL", "we", "us", "our", and the "Company" refer to OPAL Fuels Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes set forth in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and the risk factors identified in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report. For further discussion regarding our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, refer to the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, which was filed with Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on July 27, 2022. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis includes certain forward-looking statements which reflect our current expectations. The Company's actual results may materially differ from these forward-looking statements. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a renewable energy company specializing in the capture and conversion of biogas for the (i) production of RNG for use as a vehicle fuel for heavy and medium-duty trucking fleets, (ii) generation of electricity generated from renewable sources ("Renewable Power") for sale to utilities, (iii) generation and sale of Environmental Attributes (as defined below) associated with RNG and Renewable Power, and (iv) sales of RNG as pipeline quality natural gas. We also design, develop, construct, operate and service Fueling Stations for trucking fleets across the country that use natural gas to displace diesel as their transportation fuel. The Biogas Conversion Projects currently use LFG and dairy manure as the source of the biogas. In addition, we have recently begun implementing design, development, and construction services for hydrogen Fueling Stations, and we are pursuing opportunities to diversify our sources of biogas to other waste streams. The term Environmental Attributes refers to federal, state and local government incentives in the United States, provided in the form of renewable identification numbers RINs, RECs, low carbon fuel standard LCFS credits, rebates, tax credits and other incentives to end users, distributors, system integrators and manufacturers of renewable energy projects, that promote the use of renewable energy. We separately design, develop, construct, operate and service Fueling Stations for vehicle fleets across the country that dispense RNG and/or CNG to displace diesel as a fleet transportation fuel. 
 
 As of the date of this report, we owned and operated 25 projects, seven of which are RNG projects and 18 of which are Renewable Power Projects. As of that date, our RNG projects in operation had a design capacity of 3.9 million MMBtus per year and our Renewable Power Projects in operation had a nameplate capacity of 118.6 MW per hour. In addition to these projects in operation, we are actively pursuing expansion of our RNG-generating capacity and, accordingly, have a portfolio of RNG projects in construction or in development, with four of our current Renewable Power Projects being considered candidates for conversion to RNG projects in the foreseeable future. 
 The Company was formerly known as Arclight Clean Transition Corp II ("Arclight"), which was a blank check company incorporated in Cayman Islands on January 13, 2021. Arclight was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. OPAL Fuels LLC was formed in December 2020 as a wholly owned subsidiary of OPAL HoldCo under the laws of the State of Delaware. On December 31, 2020, Fortistar LLC and certain of its affiliated entities contributed their respective ownership interests in the following legal entities to OPAL Fuels in a common-control reorganization: TruStar Energy Holdings LLC, Fortistar RNG LLC, Fortistar Methane 3 Holdings LLC, Fortistar Methane 3 LLC, Fortistar Contracting LLC, and Fortistar Methane 4 LLC. On December 2, 2021, the Company, OPAL Holdco and OPAL Fuels entered into the Business Combination Agreement. 
 Business combination 
 On July 21, 2022, we completed the Business Combination. After giving effect to the Business Combination, the redemption of public shares as described below, the consummation of the related PIPE investment, and the separation of the former ArcLight units, there were (i) 25,671,390 shares of our Class A common stock issued and outstanding, (ii) 144,399,037 shares of our Class D common stock issued and outstanding, (iii) no shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class B common stock issued and outstanding (shares of Class B common stock do not have any economic value but entitle the holder thereof to one vote per share) and (iv) no shares of our Class C common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, Class C common stock issued and outstanding (shares of Class C common stock entitle the holder thereof to five votes per share). The Class A common stock and warrants commenced trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols OPAL and OPALW, respectively, on July 22, 2022. 
 57 

Recent developments 
 
 Warrant exchange 
 
 On November 18, 2022, the Company announced the commencement of the Offer and consent solicitation relating to its outstanding (i) Public Warrants, and (ii) private placement warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock (the Private Placement Warrants and together with the public warrants, the Warrants ). The Company offered all holders of the warrants the opportunity to receive 0.250 shares of Class A common stock in exchange for each outstanding warrant tendered by the holder and exchanged pursuant to the Offer. Concurrently with the Offer, the Company solicited consents from holders of the warrants to amend the Warrant Agreement to permit the Company to require that each warrant that is outstanding upon the closing of the Offer be exchanged for 0.225 shares of Class A common stock, which is a ratio 10 less than the exchange ratio applicable to the Offer (such amendment, the Warrant Amendment ). 
 
 On December 22, 2022, the Company completed the exchange offer and issued 3,309,296 shares of Class A common stock in exchange for the warrants tendered in the Offer. Pursuant to the Warrant Amendment dated December 21, 2022, the Company effected the Post-Offer Exchange and issued 497,080 shares of Class A common stock. As a result of the completion of the Offer and the Post-Offer Exchange, there are no outstanding warrants. Accordingly, the public warrants were suspended from trading on the Nasdaq and delisted. 
 
 UPS Agreement 
 
 On December 15, 2022, the Company entered into the UPS Agreement pursuant to which the Company will provide operations and maintenance services to 51 UPS renewable natural gas dispensing stations across the United States. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company will receive an amount based on an agreed price per gas gallon equivalent dispensed at each station. 
 
 Senior Secured Credit Facility 
 
 On December 19, 2022, FM3, an indirect subsidiary of the Company, which is the borrower under the Senior Secured Credit Facility, dated as of September 21, 2015, provided by a lender group led by MUFG Union Bank Ltd, as administrative agent, and guaranteed by certain direct subsidiaries of FM3, and Opal Fuels, a direct subsidiary of the Company, and the other parties to the Senior Secured Credit Facility entered into the FM3 Amendment. The FM3 Amendment amended the Senior Secured Credit Facility, among other things, to (a) extend the maturity date of the obligations thereunder from December 20, 2022 to March 20, 2023, (b) permit Opal Fuels to purchase the rights and obligations of certain exiting lenders at par, (c) prepay a portion of the outstanding loans made by the remaining lenders and (d) permit the release of certain project company subsidiaries of FM3 from the collateral securing the obligations under the Senior Secured Credit Facility. Upon consummation of the FM3 Amendment, Opal Fuels holds approximately 45,000 of the outstanding loans under the FM3 Credit Agreement as an affiliate lender. On March 20, 2023, the Company repaid in full the remaining outstanding loan of 22,750. 
 OPAL Term Loan II 
 
 On August 4, 2022, OPAL Fuels Intermediate Holdco 2, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary the Company, entered into the OPAL Term Loan II with a syndicate of lenders. The indebtedness is guaranteed by certain of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of OPAL Intermediate Holdco 2. The OPAL Term Loan II provides for an approximately two year DDTL Facility of up to a maximum aggregate principal amount of 100,000 and the DSR Facility of up to a maximum aggregate principal amount of 5,000. The proceeds of the DDTL Facility are to be used to fund a portion of the construction of the RNG projects owned, either in full or through a joint venture with a third party, by the subsidiary guarantors and the proceeds of the DSR Facility are to be used solely to satisfy the balance to be maintained in the debt service reserve account. In connection with the transaction, the Company paid 2,200 as financing fees to the lenders and incurred 1,376 as third party fees. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our interim unaudited consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("U.S. GAAP") and the rules and regulations of the SEC, which apply to interim financial statements. The preparation of those financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the 
 58 

reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues, expenses and warrants and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. 
 
 Critical accounting policies are those that reflect significant judgments of uncertainties and potentially result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. We have described below what we believe are our most critical accounting policies, because they generally involve a comparatively higher degree of judgment in their application. For a detailed description of all our accounting policies, see Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies , to our consolidated financial statements included herein. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 Renewable Power 
 
 We sell Renewable Power produced from LFG fueled power plants to utility companies through our PPAs. Revenue is recognized based on contract specified rates per MWh when delivered to the customer, as this considered to be completion of the performance obligation. Certain PPAs contain a lease element which we account for as operating lease revenue on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company utilizes commodity swap contracts to hedge against the unfavorable price fluctuations in market prices of electricity. The Company does not apply hedge accounting to these contracts. As such, unrealized and realized gain (loss) is recognized as component of Renewable Power revenues in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 Gas Fuel Purchase Agreements 
 
 We own Fueling Stations for use by customers under fuel sale agreements. We bill these customers at an agreed upon price for each gallon sold and recognize revenue based on the amounts invoiced in according with the right to invoice practical expedient. These contracts may contain an embedded lease of the equipment which we account for as operating lease revenue. For some public stations where there is no contract with the customer, we recognize revenue at the point in time that the customer takes control of the fuel. 
 
 Interstate Gas Pipeline Delivery 
 
 We have agreements with two natural gas producers whereby we are contracted to transport the producers gas to an agreed delivery point on an interstate gas pipeline via our RNG gathering system. Revenue is recognized over time using the output method which is based on quantity of natural gas transported. 
 
 Environmental Attributes 
 
 We generate RECs, RINs, and LCFS credits. These Environmental Attributes are sold to third parties that utilize these credits in order to comply with federal and state requirements. Revenue is recognized at the point in time when the credits are transferred to and accepted by the third party buyer. 
 
 Operation and Maintenance 
 
 We have operating and maintenance agreements in which we are contracted to operate, maintain, and repair landfill site gas collection systems. Revenue is based on the volume of per million British thermal units MMBtu of landfill gas collected and the MWhs produced at that site. This revenue is recognized as Renewable Power revenue when landfill gas is collected and Renewable Power is delivered. In addition, we have O M agreements in which we are contracted to maintain and repair Fueling Stations. Revenue is based on the volumes of GGEs of gas dispensed at the site. This revenue is recognized as Fuel Station Services revenue when the site dispenses volumes. 
 
 Construction Type Contracts Third Party 
 
 We have various fixed price contracts for the construction of fueling stations for customers. Revenue from these contracts, including change orders, are recognized over time, with progress measured by the percentage of cost incurred to date to estimated total cost for each contract. 
 
 Impairment of Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets 
 
 59 

Impairment of Goodwill 
 
 When a business is acquired, goodwill is recognized to reflect any future economic benefits that are not separately recognized, such as synergies. For purposes of impairment testing, GAAP requires goodwill to be allocated to reporting unit(s) at the acquisition date and to be tested for impairment at least annually, and in between annual tests whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the respective reporting unit s fair value is less than its carrying value. Significant judgment is required when identifying the reporting units for goodwill allocation, during our assessment of relevant events and circumstances for qualitative impairment indicators, and when estimating the undiscounted cash flows of reporting unit(s) for quantitative impairment assessments. 
 
 Our goodwill impairment assessment is performed during the fourth quarter of each year or at the time facts or circumstances indicate that a reporting unit s goodwill may be impaired. In conformity with GAAP, we generally first perform a qualitative assessment over whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit s fair value is less than its carrying value to determine if a quantitative assessment is required. If, after performing the qualitative assessment, we conclude it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, then a quantitative test is required. Our qualitative assessment includes evaluation of relevant events and circumstances, such as, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, overall performance, and other relevant events. 
 
 As part of our quantitative assessment, we estimate a reporting unit s fair value based on the income approach. With this approach, the fair value measurement is based on significant inputs that are not observable in the market and thus the fair value measurement is categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Our assumptions include future cash flow projections, a discount rate range based on the weighted average cost of capital, and a terminal value based on a range of terminal earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization. 
 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 
 Our long-lived assets held and used with finite useful lives including plant equipment, buildings, patents, and PPAs are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset group may not be recoverable. In determining the asset group, we assess the interdependency of revenues between assets, shared cost structures, the interchangeability of assets used in operations, and how assets are managed and utilized by the business. Events that may trigger a recoverability assessment include a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which the long-lived asset group is being used or in its physical condition, and the expectation that, more likely than not, the long-lived asset or asset group will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. Recoverability of long-lived assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset group to future net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. Our cash flow estimates reflect conditions and assumptions that existed as of the measurement date which is the same as the triggering event date. The assets are considered recoverable and an impairment loss is not recognized when the undiscounted net cash flows exceed the net carrying value of the asset group. If the assets are not recoverable, then an impairment loss is recognized to the extent that the carrying value of the asset group exceeds its fair value. We base the fair value of our assets or asset groups off of the estimated discounted future cash flows using market participant assumptions. Assets disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less selling costs. Significant judgment is required when determining asset group composition, during our assessment of relevant events and circumstances, when determining an appropriate discount rate, and when estimating the undiscounted and discounted future cash flows of the asset group. 
 
 Based on our assessment for the year ended December 31, 2022, there is no impairment recorded on our Plant, Property and Equipment. 
 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 
 The objective of a fair value measurement is to estimate the exit price, which is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability that the Company holds, in an orderly market transaction at the measurement date. We follow GAAP guidance which establishes a three-tier hierarchy for inputs used in fair value measurements, as well as prioritizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs. In summary, level 1 inputs are considered the most observable inputs and are more specifically the unadjusted quoted price for identical assets or liabilities in an active market the Company has access to. Level 2 inputs are considered less observable inputs such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in an active market the Company has access to. Lastly, level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs in which little to no market activity exists for the asset or liability at the 
 60 

measurement date. As such, level 3 estimates are subject to a more significant level of estimation uncertainty. Furthermore, when multiple inputs are used and are categorized in different levels of the input hierarchy, then the fair value measurement in its entirety is categorized in the same level as its lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance of an input to a fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect the fair value measurement s placement in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Refer to Note 10. Derivative Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements, to our consolidated financial statements, for details on our assets and liabilities regularly recorded at fair value and the respective placements in the fair value hierarchy. 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740, Accounting for Income Taxes ASC Topic 740 ), which requires the recognition of tax benefits or expenses on temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of its assets and liabilities by applying the enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Such net tax effects on temporary differences are reflected on the Company s consolidated balance sheets as deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when the Company believes that it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company calculates the interim tax provision in accordance with the provisions of ASC Subtopic 740-270, Income Taxes; Interim Reporting. For interim periods, the Company estimates the annual effective income tax rate and applies the estimated rate to the year-to-date income or loss before income taxes. 
 Refer to Note 16. Income taxes, to our consolidated financial statements, for additional information. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company Status 
 
 We are an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. The JOBS Act provides emerging growth companies with certain exemptions from public company reporting requirements for up to five fiscal years while a company remains an emerging growth company. As part of these exemptions, we need only provide two fiscal years of audited financial statements instead of three, we have reduced disclosure obligations such as for executive compensation, and we are not required to comply with auditor attestation requirements from Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding our internal control over financial reporting. Additionally, the JOBS Act has allowed us the option to delay adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies are required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards. 
 
 Use of Estimates 
 
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The significant estimates and assumptions of the Company relate to the useful lives of property, plant and equipment, the value of stock-based compensation and the fair value of derivatives including warrant liabilities, earnout liabilities, put option on a forward purchase agreement, interest rate swaps and commodity swap contracts. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Key Factors and Trends Influencing our Results of Operations 
 The principal factors affecting our results of operations and financial condition are the markets for RNG, Renewable Power, and associated Environmental Attributes, and access to suitable biogas production resources. Additional factors and trends affecting our business are discussed in " Risk Factors " elsewhere in this report. 
 Market Demand for RNG 
 Demand for our converted biogas and associated Environmental Attributes, including RINs and LCFS credits, is heavily influenced by United States federal and state energy regulations together with commercial interest in renewable energy products. Markets for RINs and LCFS credits arise from regulatory mandates that require refiners and blenders to incorporate renewable content into transportation fuels. The EPA annually sets proposed renewable volume obligations 
 61 

("RVOs") for D3 (cellulosic biofuel with a 60 greenhouse gas GHG reduction requirement) RINs in accordance with the mandates established by the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007. The Environmental Protection Agency's issuance of timely and sufficient annual RVOs to accommodate the RNG industry's growing production levels is necessary to stabilize the RIN market.The EPA is required to set RVOs for 2023 and beyond and the EPA introduced proposed Set rule in December 2022 with rule finalization expected in June 2023. Until the rules and RVOs are finalized, this may create additional uncertainty as to RIN pricing. On the state level, the economics of RNG are enhanced by low-carbon fuel initiatives, particularly well-established programs in California and Oregon (with several other states also actively considering LCFS initiatives similar to those in California and Oregon). Federal and state regulatory developments could result in significant future changes to market demand for the RINs and LCFS credits we produce. This would have a corresponding impact to our revenue, net income, and cash flow. 
 Commercial transportation, including heavy-duty trucking, generates approximately 30 emissions of overall CO and other climate-harming GHGs in the United States, and transitioning this sector to low and negative carbon fuels is a critical step towards reducing overall global GHG emissions. The adoption rate of RNG-powered vehicles by commercial transportation fleets will significantly impact demand for our products. 
 We are also exposed to the commodity prices of natural gas and diesel, which serve as alternative fuel for RNG and therefore impact the demand for RNG. 
 Renewable Power Markets 
 We also generate revenues from sales of RECs and Renewable Power generated by our biogas-to-Renewable Power projects. RECs exist because of legal and governmental regulatory requirements, and a change in law or in governmental policies concerning Renewable Power, landfill gas ("LFG"), or the sale of RECs could affect the market for, and the pricing of, the RECs that we generate through production at our Biogas Conversion Projects. We periodically evaluate opportunities to convert existing biogas-to-Renewable Power projects to RNG production. This strategy has been an increasingly attractive avenue for growth when RNG from landfills become eligible for D3 RINs. We have been negotiating with several of our Renewable Power off-takers to enter arrangements that would free up the LFG resource to produce RNG. Changes in the price we receive for RECs and Renewable Power, together with the revenue opportunities and conversion costs associated with converting our LFG sites to RNG production, could have a significant impact on our future profitability. 
 Regulatory landscape 
 We operate in an industry that is subject to and currently benefits from environmental regulations. Government policies can increase demand for our products by providing incentives to purchase RNG and Environmental Attributes. These government policies are modified and in flux constantly and any adverse changes to these policies could have a material effect the demand for our products. For more information, see our risk factor titled "The financial performance of our business depends upon tax and other government incentives for the generation of RNG and Renewable Power, any of which could change at any time and such changes may negatively impact our growth strategy." Government regulations have become increasingly stringent and complying with changes in regulations may result in significant additional operating expenses. 
 Seasonality 
 We experience seasonality in our results of operations. Sale of RNG may be impacted by higher consumption by some of our customers during summer months. Additionally, the price of RNG is higher during the fall and winter months due to increase in overall demand for natural gas during the winter months. Revenues generated from our renewable electricity projects in the northeast U.S., all of which sell electricity at market prices, are affected by warmer and colder weather, and therefore a portion of our quarterly operating results and cash flows are affected by pricing changes due to regional temperatures. These seasonal variances are managed in part by certain off-take agreements at fixed prices. 
 Impact of COVID-19 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we instituted a safety committee that oversees our compliance with federal, state, and local government mandates, and ensures that the Company adheres to Centers for Disease Control guidelines to maintain safe working conditions for our employees. Some of the protocols we implemented include limiting in-person work to essential personnel and performing temperature checks. Since March 2020, where practicable, our employees have worked remotely and minimized travel and other non-essential contact. Additionally, we are providing our employees with COVID-19 testing at no cost and personal protective equipment for their safety and well-being. 
 62 

As of the date of this report, the COVID-19 pandemic has had a relatively minimal economic impact on our results of operations. 
 The duration and future economic severity of the COVID-19 remains uncertain, and our results of operations and financial condition could potentially face material adverse effect(s) in the future due to COVID-19. 

Key Components of Our Results of Operations 
 We generate revenues from the sale of RNG fuel, Renewable Power, and associated Environmental Attributes, as well as from the construction, fuel supply, and servicing of Fueling Stations for commercial transportation vehicles using natural gas to power their fleets. These revenue sources are presented in our statement of operations under the following captions: 
 RNG Fuel. The RNG Fuel segment includes RNG supply and dispensing activities as well as the associated generation and sale of commodity natural gas and environmental credits, and consists of: 
 
 RNG Production Facilities the design, development, construction, maintenance and operation of facilities that convert raw biogas into pipeline quality natural gas 
 Included here are the Company's interests in both operating and construction projects. 
 RNG and CNG Fuel Dispensing Stations - This includes both the dispensing (or sale) of RNG, commodity natural gas, and environmental credit generation and monetization. The Company operates Fueling Stations that dispense both CNG and RNG fuel for vehicles. 
 
 Fuel Station Services. Through its Fuel Station Services segment , the Company provides construction and maintenance services to third-party owners of Fueling Stations. This segment includes: 
 
 Service and maintenance contracts for RNG/CNG Fueling Stations. 
 Manufacturing division that builds compact fueling systems and defueling systems. 
 Design/build contracts where the Company serves as general contractor for construction of Fueling Stations, typically structured as guarantee maximum price or fixed priced contracts for customers, generally lasting less than one year. 
 
 Renewable Power Portfolio. The Renewable Power portfolio segment generates Renewable Power through combustion of biogas from landfills and digester gas collection systems which is then sold to public utilities throughout the United States. The Renewable Power portfolio operates primarily in Southern California. 
 Our costs of sales associated with each revenue category are as follows: 
 RNG Fuel. Includes royalty payments to biogas site owners for the biogas we use; service provider costs; salaries and other indirect expenses related to the production process, utilities, transportation, storage, and insurance; and depreciation of production facilities. 
 Fuel Station Services. Includes equipment supplier costs; service provider costs; and salaries and other indirect expenses. 
 Renewable Power. Includes land usage costs; service provider costs; salaries and other indirect expenses related to the production process; utilities; and depreciation of production facilities. 
 Selling, general, and administrative expense consists of costs involving corporate overhead functions, including the cost of services provided to us by an affiliate, and marketing costs. 
 Depreciation and amortization primarily relate to depreciation associated with property, plant, and equipment and amortization of acquired intangibles arising from PPAs and interconnection contracts. We are in the process of expanding our RNG and Renewable Power production capacity and expect depreciation costs to increase as new projects are placed into service. 
 Concentration of customers and associated credit risk 
 The following table summarizes the percentage of consolidated accounts receivable, net by customers that equal or exceed 10 of the consolidated accounts receivable, net as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. No other single customer accounted for 10 or greater of our consolidated accounts receivable,net as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 63 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Customer A 
 16 11 Customer B 
 29 Customer D 15 
 The following table summarizes the percentage of consolidated revenues from customers that equal 10 or greater of the consolidated revenues in the period (no other single customer accounted for more than 10 of consolidated revenues in these periods): 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Customer A 
 14 16 Customer B 
 35 Customer C 11 Customer D 18 
 Results of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Operational data 
 The following table summarizes the operational data achieved for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 RNG Fuel volume produced (Million MMBtus) 
 2.2 1.6 RNG Fuel volume sold (Million GGEs) 
 29.4 20.8 Total volume delivered (Million GGEs) 
 115.9 96.4 
 RNG projects 
 Below is a table setting forth the RNG projects in operation and construction in our portfolio: 
 64 

OPAL's Share of Design capacity (MMbtus per year) (1) 
 Source of bio gas Ownership (2) 
 RNG projects in operation: Greentree 1,061,712 LFG 100 Imperial 1,061,712 LFG 100 New River 663,570 LFG 100 Noble Road (3) 
 464,499 LFG 50 Biotown (3) 
 48,573 Dairy 10 Pine Bend (3) 
 424,685 LFG 50 Sunoma 192,350 Dairy 90 Sub total 3,917,101 RNG projects in construction: Prince William 1,725,282 LFG 100 Hilltop 255,500 Dairy 100 Vander Schaaf 255,500 Dairy 100 Emerald 1,327,140 LFG 50 Sapphire 796,284 LFG 50 New England 318,514 LFG 100 Sub total 4,678,220 Total 8,595,321 
 (1) The Design capacity represents the Company's proportional ownership in the project. Design capacity may not reflect actual production of RNG from the projects, which will depend on many variables including, but not limited to, quantity and quality of the biogas, operational up-time of the facility, and actual productivity of the facility. 
 (2) Certain projects have provisions that will adjust, or flip, the percentage of distributions to be made to us over time, typically triggered by achievement of hurdle rates that are calculated as internal rates of return on capital invested in the project. 
 (3) We record our ownership interests in these projects as equity method investments in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Renewable Power Projects 
 Below is a table setting forth the Renewable Power projects in operation in our portfolio: 
 65 

Nameplate capacity (MW per hour) (1) 
 RNG conversion candidate Stage of RNG conversion California 1 5.2 Yes In Advanced Development Pipeline California 2 6.1 No N/A California 3 3.0 No N/A California 4 3.2 No N/A California 5 1.8 No N/A California 6 1.6 No N/A California 7 6.5 No N/A California 8 6.5 No N/A Florida 2.9 No N/A Massachusetts 2 3.6 No N/A Michigan 1E (2) 
 28.9 Yes In Construction Michigan 3 6.3 Yes In Advanced Development Pipeline New York 5.9 No N/A North Carolina 1 14.4 Yes In Advanced Development Pipeline Pennsylvania 8.0 No N/A Prince William 1E (3) 
 1.9 Yes In Construction Prince William 2E (4) 
 4.8 Yes In Construction Virginia - Richmond 8.0 Yes In Advanced Development Pipeline Total 118.6 
 (1) Nameplate capacity is the maximum permitted output for each facility and may not reflect actual MW production from the projects, which depends on many variables including, but not limited to, quantity and quality of the biogas, operational up-time of the facility, and actual productivity of the facility. 
 (2) See RNG Projects Table above, reference Michigan 1 under RNG Projects In Construction. It is currently contemplated that the Michigan 1E renewable power plant will continue limited operations on a stand-by, emergency basis through March of 2031. 
 (3) See RNG Projects Table above, reference Prince William under RNG Projects In Construction. 
 
 (4) See RNG Projects Table above, reference Prince William under RNG Projects In Construction. 

66 

Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 The following table presents the period-over-period change for each line item in the Company's consolidated statements of operations for the twelve months ended months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, Change Change (in thousands) 2022 2021 Revenues: RNG fuel 126,830 70,360 56,470 80 Fuel station services 69,240 50,440 18,800 37 Renewable Power 39,461 45,324 (5,863) (13) Total revenues 235,531 166,124 69,407 42 Operating expenses: Cost of sales - RNG fuel 78,953 41,075 37,878 92 Cost of sales - Fuel station services 61,514 42,838 18,676 44 Cost of sales - Renewable power 31,580 31,152 428 1 Selling, general, and administrative 48,569 29,380 19,189 65 Depreciation, amortization, and accretion 13,136 10,653 2,483 23 Total expenses 233,752 155,098 78,654 51 Operating income 1,779 11,026 (9,247) (84) Other income (expense) Interest and financing expense, net (6,640) (7,467) 827 11 Change in fair value of derivative instruments, net 33,081 99 32,982 333 Other income 1,943 1,943 100 Loss on warrant exchange (3,368) (3,368) 100 Income from equity method investments 5,784 2,268 3,516 155 Gain on acquisition of equity method investment 19,818 (19,818) 100 Gain on deconsolidation of VIEs 15,025 (15,025) 100 Net income before provision for income taxes 32,579 40,769 (8,190) (20) Provision for income taxes Net income 32,579 40,769 (8,190) (20) Net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests 22,409 41,363 (18,954) (46) Net loss attributable to non-redeemable non-controlling interests (1,153) (804) (349) 43 Paid-in-kind preferred dividends 7,932 210 7,722 3677 Net income attributable to common stockholders 3,391 3,391 100 
 Revenues 
 RNG Fuel 
 Revenue from RNG Fuel increased by 56.5 million, or 80 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 18.0 million of this increase was attributable primarily to the impact of full year of Beacon revenues in 2022 versus only eight months in 2021. Additionally, revenues increased by 3.1 million from 
 67 

methanol pathway credits, 9.0 million increase from brown gas sales and 26.4 million increase from sale of environmental credits. 
 Fuel Station Services 
 Revenue from Fuel Station Services increased by 18.8 million, or 37 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This was primarily attributable to an increase of 15.5 million from fuel station construction projects which were completed into 2022, coupled with an incremental 1.6 million from increase in volumes at existing and new service sites and 1.7 million from sale of portable fueling stations. 
 
 Renewable Power 
 Revenue from Renewable Power decreased by 5.9 million, or 13 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This change was attributable primarily to a decrease of 5.1 million due to conversion of one of our electricity generation facilities into an RNG facility and a decrease of 0.8 million due to the closure of one of our electricity generation facilities as our gas rights agreement concluded. 
 Cost of sales 
 RNG Fuel 
 Cost of sales from RNG Fuel increased by 37.9 million, or 92 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This change was attributable primarily to the inclusion of full year of Beacon s cost of sales upon consolidation in May 2021 resulting in an increase of 9.2 million, a 3.2 million increase in development costs for building new RNG facilities, 10.3 million increase from new RNG facilities such as Sunoma and New River, 14.7 million increase relating to increased dispensing fees from an increased volume of environmental credits generated and 0.7 million write down charges relating to our brown gas inventory to its net realizable value due to decrease in prices. Additionally, there were savings of 1.2 million from deconsolidation of Pine Bend and Noble Road as of December 31, 2021. 
 Fuel Station Services 
 Cost of sales from Fuel Station Services increased by 18.7 million, or 44 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This change was attributable primarily to an increase in costs of 17.1 million for third-party construction projects completed in 2022 and an increase of 1.2 million in service from higher volumes dispensed. 
 Renewable Power 
 Cost of sales from Renewable Power marginally increased by 0.4 million, or 1 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Selling, general, and administrative 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased by a total of 19.2 million, or 65 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This change was attributable primarily to higher insurance expense of 5.1 million relating to the insurance policies for Arclight s former directors and the Company s current management, higher employee headcount and related compensation and benefit expenses of 6.9 million to support our organic growth year-over-year, a 3.7 million increase in professional fees related to audit, tax, legal and consulting fees, a 2.5 million increase in IT-related expenses, 0.8 million stock-based compensation expense and 0.4 million related to corporate governance expenses for a public company. These costs are related to setting up the administrative, compliance, and governance structure required for operating a public company which do not qualify for capitalization. 
 Depreciation, amortization, and accretion 
 Depreciation, amortization, and accretion increased by a total of 2.5 million, or 23 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This change was primarily due to 2.0 million increase from two new RNG facilities coming online - Sunoma and New River, 0.4 million increase from amortization of right-of-use assets for finance leases from adoption of ASC 842, 0.6 million increase from downstream dispensing sites becoming operational offset by decrease in depreciation for Renewable Power business by 0.3 million. 
 68 

Interest and financing expense, net 
 Interest and financing expenses, net decreased by 0.8 million, or 11 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily attributable to 2.9 million decrease in the Convertible Note Payable as a result of the favorable 2.9 million in change in fair market value as well as an increase in interest income of 2.0 million from the Note receivable and short term investments and 3.7 million was capitalized as part of Property, plant and equipment. These savings were offset by 1.0 million higher expense on the Senior Secured Credit Facility, 0.2 million higher interest expense on the OPAL Term Loan, 0.9 million increase in amortization of deferred financing costs, 1.8 million increase in Sunoma Loan as interest on Sunoma Loan was capitalized in 2021. 
 Change in fair value of derivatives, net 
 Change in fair value of derivatives, net increased by 33.0 million, or 333 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This change was attributable primarily to gain of 37.1 million on our earnout liabilities, change in fair value of contingent payment to a non-controlling interest of one our VIEs, change in fair value of interest rate swaps and put option, offset by negative change in fair value of warrant liabilities. These liabilities were recorded in the consolidated balance sheet upon completion of the Business Combination. 
 Other income 
 Other income increased by 1.9 million, or 100 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This change is primarily related to a gain recognized on redemption of Note receivable. 
 Loss on warrant exchange 
 On December 22, 2022, the Company completed the exchange offer of outstanding Public Warrants and Private Warrants and issued 3,309,296 shares of Class A common stock in exchange for the warrants tendered in the Offer. Pursuant to the Warrant Amendment dated December 21, 2022, the Company exercised its right to exchange the remaining outstanding Warrants and issued 497,080 shares of Class A common stock on December 23, 2022. Following the completion of the exchange, the Public Warrants were suspended from trading on the Nasdaq and delisted. There are no longer any Warrants outstanding. The Company recorded 3,368 as loss on exchange of Warrants. 
 Income from equity method investments 
 Net income attributable to equity method investments increased by 3.5 million, or 155 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This change was attributable primarily to the increase in net income from Pine Bend, Noble Road and GREP that exceeded income from Beacon during comparable period in 2021. Upon the step acquisition of the 56 of controlling interest in Beacon in May 2021, the results of Beacon were consolidated in the financial statements. Pine Bend and Noble Road were deconsolidated as of December 31, 2021. 
 Gain on acquisition of equity method investment 
 The gain on acquisition of equity method investment decreased by 19.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This change was attributable primarily to the fair value adjustment resulting from our step acquisition of the remaining interest in Beacon in May 2021. 
 Gain on deconsolidation of VIEs 
 The gain on deconsolidation of VIEs decreased by 15.0 million, or 100 for the year ended December 31, 2022. This is primarily due to deconsolidation of Pine Bend and Noble Road as of December 31, 2021, which was not a recurring item in 2022. 
 Net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests 
 Net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is 22.4 million and 41.4 million, respectively. The net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflects the net income belonging to OPAL Fuels equity holders prior to Business Combination for the period January 1, 2022 through July 21, 2022 and portion of net income belonging to OPAL Fuels equity holders from July 21, 2022 through December 31, 2022 based on pro-rata ownership. 
 Net loss attributable to non-redeemable non-controlling interests 
 69 

Net loss attributable to non-redeemable non-controlling interests for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 0.3 million or 43 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This reflects the joint venture partners' loss in those entities we sold a portion of our membership interests in certain RNG facilities which are consolidated in our financial statements. These entities for the year ended December 31, 2022, were Sunoma, Emerald, Sapphire and Central Valley. The entities accounted for as non-redeemable non-controlling interests for the year ended December 31, 2021 were Sunoma and Central Valley. 
 Paid-in-kind preferred dividends 
 On November 29, 2021, we entered into an exchange agreement with Hillman whereby Hillman exchanged its ownership interests in the four RNG projects of 30.0 million into 300,000 series A-1 preferred units at a par value of 100 per unit and 1.4 of the common units of OPAL Fuels. On the same day, we entered into a subscription agreement with NextEra for up to 1,000,000 Series A preferred units, which were issued to NextEra during first and second quarters of 2022 for total proceeds of 100.0 million. Upon completion of the Business Combination, these were converted to redeemable preferred non-controlling interests. 
 Redeemable preferred non-controlling interests carry an interest of 8 dividend payable quarterly either in cash or paid-in-kind for the first eight quarters at the option of the Company. The Company recorded the dividend payable of 7.9 million and 0.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively as paid-in-kind dividends. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity 
 As of December 31, 2022, our liquidity consisted of cash and cash equivalents including restricted cash of 77.2 million and 65.0 million of short term investments. Additionally, we entered into the OPAL Term Loan II where we have undrawn availability of 105.0 million. We also drew down on the remaining 10.0 million available under OPAL Term Loan I in March 2023. 
 We expect that our available cash together with our other assets, expected cash flows from operations, available lines of credit under various debt facilities and access to expected sources of capital will be sufficient to meet our existing commitments for a period of at least twelve months from the date of this report. If we were to experience any significant further reduction in levels of gas collection, delays in commencement or completion of construction of our projects, adverse regulatory or price changes that affect the value of our environmental credits, or unplanned outages at our production facilities, it would result in lower cash flows from operations which could impact our ability to make investments or require changes to our growth plan. See Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 To fund future growth, we anticipate seeking additional capital through equity or debt financings. The amount and timing of our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including the pace and results of our project development efforts. We may be unable to obtain any such additional financing on acceptable terms or at all. Our ability to access capital when needed is not assured and, if capital is not available when, and in the amounts, needed, we could be required to delay, scale back or abandon some or all of our development programs and other operations, which could materially harm our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total indebtedness excluding deferred financing costs of 170.4 million which primarily consists of 22.8 million under the Senior Secured Credit Facility, 28.5 million under the Convertible Note Payable, 96.1 million under the OPAL Term Loan, 0.1 million under the Municipality loan and 23.0 million under Sunoma Loan. 
 As part of our operations we have arrangements for office space for our corporate headquarters under the Administrative Services Agreement as well as operating leases for office space, warehouse space, and our vehicle fleet. 
 We intend to make payments under our various debt instruments when due and pursue opportunities for earlier repayment and/or refinancing if and when these opportunities arise. 
 See Note 8. Borrowings, to our consolidated financial statements. 
 70 

Cash Flows 
 The following table presents the Company's cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Net cash (used in) provided from operating activities (1,355) 18,856 Net cash used in investing activities (184,028) (117,204) Net cash provided from financing activities 220,550 125,014 Net increase in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents 35,167 26,666 
 Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.4 million, a decrease of 20.2 million compared to net cash provided of 18.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to lower margins reducing our operating income year-over-year and higher transaction costs that were not capitalized associated with becoming a public company and negative working capital changes primarily related to accounts receivable. 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 184.0 million, an increase of 66.8 million compared to the 117.2 million used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. This was primarily driven by cash invested in short term investments of 65.0 million, payments made for the construction of various RNG generation and dispensing facilities of 131.4 million as compared to 89.6 million in the prior year. These amounts were partially offset by proceeds from repayment of Note receivable of 10.9 million and lower distribution from equity method investment of 1.6 million. 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided from financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 220.6 million, an increase of 95.5 million compared to the 125.0 million provided from financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. The current year activity is primarily driven by proceeds received from the consummation of Business Combination of 138.9 million, issuance of redeemable preferred non-controlling interests for total proceeds of 100.0 million, proceeds from the OPAL Term Loan of 40.0 million, proceeds from the Sunoma Loan of 4.6 million and a capital contribution from a related party of 23.2 million related to a joint venture. This was offset by debt repayments of 58.6 million and 18.9 million on the Senior Secured Credit Facility and the OPAL Term Loan, respectively, and 8.3 million in financing costs. 
 Capital expenditures and other cash commitments 
 We require cash to fund our capital expenditures, operating expenses, working capital and other requirements, including costs associated with fuel sales; outlays for the design and construction of new Fueling Stations and RNG production facilities; debt repayments and repurchases; maintenance of our electrification production facilities supporting our operations, including maintenance and improvements of our infrastructure; supporting our sales and marketing activities, including support of legislative and regulatory initiatives; any investments in other entities; any mergers or acquisitions, including acquisitions to expand our RNG production capacity; pursuing market expansion as opportunities arise, including geographically and to new customer markets; to fund other activities or pursuits and for other general corporate purposes. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have budgeted for 231.0 million in capital expenditures for the next 12 months, of which 184.7 million is committed under existing contracts. These expenditures represent net capital expenditures to be incurred by the Company after expected contributions from our joint venture and non-controlling interest partners. They primarily relate to our development of new RNG facilities and the purchase of equipment used in our Fueling Station services and Renewable Power operations . 
 71 

In addition to the above, we also have lease commitments on our vehicle fleets and office leases and quarterly amortization payment obligations under various debt facilities. Please see Note 8. Borrowings and Note 9. Leases to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 We plan to fund these expenditures primarily through cash on hand, cash generated from operations and availability under existing debt facilities. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as it is a smaller reporting company. However, we note that we are exposed to market risks related to Environmental Attribute pricing, commodity pricing, changes in interest rates and credit risk with our contract counterparties. We currently have no foreign exchange risk and do not hold any derivatives or other financial instruments purely for trading or speculative purposes. 
 
 We employ various strategies to economically hedge these market risks, including derivative transactions relating to commodity pricing and interest rates. Any realized or unrealized gains or losses from our derivative transactions are reported within corporate revenue and other income/expense in our consolidated financial statements. For information about our gains or losses with respect to our derivative transactions and the fair value of such financial instruments, see Note 10. Derivative Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements, to our consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 The information required by this item is contained in the financial statements set forth in Item 15(a) under the caption "Consolidated Financial Statements" as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Co-Chief Executive Officers and our Chief Financial Officer (our co- principal executive officers and principal financial officer, respectively), evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 
 Based on that evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective for the period covered by this report based on the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 72 

Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our co-chief executive officers and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Management has adopted the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the results of our evaluation, our management including our co-chief executive officers and chief financial officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Material Weakness in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 In connection with the preparation and audit of our consolidated financial statements for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, material weaknesses were identified in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of its annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected, on a timely basis. 
 
 The material weaknesses identified as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 
 There is a lack of an adequate control environment, including internal communications, to allow for timeliness of reviews for the accounting and disclosures of significant transactions and contracts; 
 
 We did not have timely and effective reviews over standard account reconciliations and related accounting analysis which resulted in various audit adjustments that we corrected; and 
 
 Review controls over application of ASC-606 were not designed and implemented appropriately during the current year. 
 
 We performed additional analysis and procedures with respect to accounts impacted by the material weakness in order to conclude that our consolidated financial statements in this report for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, are fairly presented, in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Under Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting below, we describe our remediation plan to address the identified material weaknesses. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 The design and implementation of internal controls over financial reporting subsequent to our Business Combination has required and will continue to require significant time and resources from management and other personnel. The changes to our internal control over financial reporting commenced during the period covered by this report will materially affect, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting by establishing new controls and procedures appropriate to the operating company we have become as a result of the Business Combination. We continue to implement controls within our internal control environment to not only remediate the material weaknesses but also improve our financial reporting process. 
 
 As outlined below, we are in the process of taking steps to remediate the material weaknesses. We made no other changes in internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Remediation Plans 
 
 We have developed and begun executing on a plan to remediate these material weaknesses. During 2022, we have remediated one material weakness from prior year. We hired additional accounting and financial reporting personnel with appropriate technical accounting knowledge and public company experience in financial reporting; we continue to implement formal processes, policies and procedures supporting our financial close process, including creating standard balance sheet reconciliation templates and journal entry controls; and designing and implementing controls to formalize roles and review responsibilities to align with our team s skills. Additionally, we strengthened our controls around segregation of duties, access controls in our financial reporting system and disabled the functionality for the same 
 73 

employee to prepare and post journal entries. We have implemented controls to ensure that account reconciliations are reviewed by an independent person who has technical knowledge and financial reporting competence. 
 
 While we believe these efforts are likely to remediate the material weaknesses identified, we may not be able to complete our evaluation, testing or any required remediation in a timely fashion, or at all. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting is subject to various inherent limitations, including cost limitations, judgments used in decision making, assumptions about the likelihood of future events, the possibility of human error and the risk of fraud. If we are unable to remediate the material weaknesses identified, our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately, and to prepare financial statements within the time periods specified by the forms of the SEC, could be adversely affected which, in turn, may adversely affect our reputation and business and the market price of our securities. In addition, any such failures could result in litigation or regulatory actions by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, loss of investor confidence, delisting of our securities and harm to our reputation and financial condition, or diversion of financial and management resources from the operation of our business. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Short-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 On March 23, 2023, the Board adopted the Company s Short-Term Incentive Plan (the STIP ), the purposes of which are to (i) recognize outstanding performers who have contributed significantly to the Company s success and to the success of such performers respective business units; (ii) align corporate goals and strategy to executive compensation strategy; and (iii) provide a compensation environment that will attract, retain and motivate key employees of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. 

The STIP shall be managed and administered by the Compensation Committee; provided, that the Compensation Committee may delegate to one or more of its members or to one or more executive officers of the Company, the authority to take any action or exercise any discretion under the STIP with respect to any employee or participant other than the Company s chief executive officer or any Section 162(m) Covered Employee (as defined in 26 U.S.C. 162(m)(3)). In administering the STIP, the Compensation Committee shall have the authority (i) to interpret and construe the STIP, and to determine all questions that may arise as to eligibility for participation in the STIP; (ii) to adopt rules and regulations for the operation and administration of the STIP; and (iii) to take any other action not inconsistent with the provisions of the STIP that it may deem necessary or appropriate. 

Beginning in calendar year 2023, for each calendar year (a Plan Year ), the Compensation Committee will select those employees of the Company (and its subsidiaries and affiliates) that are eligible for participation in the STIP (if any). Unless otherwise specified in an award agreement, a participant must be employed in good standing on the payment date of the applicable award for any Plan Year in order to be eligible to receive payment with respect to such award for such Plan Year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a participant terminates employment in connection with and/or within 24 months following the effective date of a Change in Control (as defined in the STIP), such participant shall be eligible to receive a prorated award for the Plan Year in which such Change in Control occurs, and for the full amount of such award if such termination occurs after such Plan Year, but before payment otherwise is due with respect thereto; provided that such termination was not a Discharge for Cause or a voluntary resignation without Good Reason (as such terms are defined in the STIP). If a participant s termination occurs following the occurrence of a Change in Control, in no event shall the amount of such award prior to proration be less than the amount paid to such participant under the STIP for the preceding Plan Year. 

STIP awards are based on a target award opportunity equal to either (i) a percentage of the participant s base salary for the applicable Plan Year; or (ii) a specific dollar amount, in each case, which may be earned upon the achievement of certain prescribed performance objectives (the Corporate Performance Objectives ). Such Corporate Performance Objectives shall be established by the Compensation Committee for the applicable Plan Year during the first ninety (90) days of such Plan Year. The Compensation Committee shall assign a percentage weight to each Corporate Performance Objective, and the aggregate weight assigned to all Corporate Performance Objectives for each Plan Year shall equal one hundred percent (100 ); provided, however, that the Compensation Committee may assign different weightings to the Corporate Performance Objectives for each participant or for classes of participants. 
 
 74 

While Corporate Performance Objectives shall not be subject to revision or alteration under normal business conditions, under unusual conditions (including, without limitation a Change in Control (as defined in the STIP), the declaration and distribution of stock dividends or stock splits, mergers, consolidation or reorganizations, acquisitions or dispositions of material business units, pandemics or other unforeseeable acts of God, or infrequently occurring or extraordinary gains or losses), the Compensation Committee may reestablish the Corporate Performance Objectives to maintain as closely as possible the previously-established expected level of performance of the participants. 
 
 No later than sixty (60) days following the end of each Plan Year, the Compensation Committee will certify the Company s performance relative to the Company Performance Objectives for such Plan Year. Each participant s award shall be determined by multiplying either (i) the participant s target percentage of base salary for the Plan Year; or (ii) the specific dollar amount established as the participant s target award by the percentage or ordinal score determined by applying the matrix, formula or methodology established by the Compensation Committee, as described above, as adjusted, if applicable to take into account such subjective and objective factors as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate, including, but not limited to, the extent to which the participant s individual performance met expectations. Individual awards under the STIP shall be paid no later than March 31 of the year immediately following the Plan Year. Unless the Compensation Committee otherwise determines, awards shall be payable in cash. 
 
 For all other terminations, unless otherwise provided in the specific terms of an award agreement, or in the provisions of a written employment agreement and/or change in control/retention agreement, the Compensation Committee shall have the authority to determine whether a participant who ceases employment prior to the end of a Plan Year shall be eligible to receive a prorated award for such Plan Year. 
 
 Prorated awards for any Plan Year shall be calculated by dividing the applicable annual award by twelve and multiplying the result by the number of months of the participant s service during the Plan Year, rounded up to the next highest whole month if the Participant continued to provide services on the 15th (14th in the case of February) day of the month of termination. Payment with respect to any such prorated award shall be made at the same time as other awards for such Plan Year are paid. 
 
 The Board may amend, revise, suspend or terminate the STIP, in whole or in part, at any time; provided that such amendment, revision, suspension or termination may not have a materially negative effect on any awards with respect to the then-current Plan Year or any prior Plan Year. 
 
 The STIP is intended to be exempt from the regulatory requirements of ERISA. The STIP is governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. Notwithstanding any provisions of the STIP, any award received by a participant pursuant to the STIP (or any other compensation received by such participant) which is subject to recovery under any applicable law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement (or any policy adopted by the Company pursuant to any such authority), shall be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such authority or any policy adopted by the Company pursuant to such authority on or following the effective date of the STIP. 
 
 The foregoing does not purport to be a complete description of the STIP and is qualified in its entirety by the form of the STIP filed herewith as Exhibit 4.4 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement 
 
 On March 8, 2023, the Compensation Committee approved the Company s form of stock option award agreement (the Stock Option Award Agreement ). The Stock Option Award Agreement governs the issuance of stock options (the Stock Options to members of the Board and certain eligible employees and officers of the Company pursuant to the 2022 Plan. 

The foregoing does not purport to be a complete description of the Stock Option Award Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by the form of Stock Option Award Agreement filed herewith as Exhibit 4.5 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 
 
 On March 8, 2023, the Compensation Committee approved the Company s form of performance-based restricted stock unit agreement (the Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement ). The Performance Restricted Stock Unit 
 75 

governs the issuance of performance-based restricted stock units (the PRSUs to members of the Board and certain eligible employees and officers of the Company pursuant to the 2022 Plan. 
 
 The foregoing does not purport to be a complete description of the Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by the form of the Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement filed herewith as Exhibit 4.6 and incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Board of Directors of the Registrant 
 
 Our business and affairs are managed by or under the direction of our board, which is comprised of seven directors. 
 The directors of our board are as follows: 
 
 Name Position with OPAL Age Mark Comora Chairman 81 Nadeem Nisar Director 50 Marco F. Gatti Director 39 Kevin M. Fogarty Director 57 Betsy L. Battle Director 68 Scott Dols Director 58 Ashok Vemuri Director 54 
 
 The following is a brief biography of each director of our board. 
 
 Mark S. Comora has served as a director of the Company since December 2020. Mr. Comora is the Founder and President of Fortistar. Since founding Fortistar in 1993, Mr. Comora has led Fortistar s growth in the decarbonization of power generation, transportation fuels, and industrial processes. Mr. Comora is the chairman of Fortistar s management and investment committees. Additionally, Mr. Comora currently serves as a member of the Board of Managers at Braven Environmental, LLC Braven Environmental ). Mr. Comora is an Officer and Member of the Board of the American Museum of Fly Fishing, the former Chairman of the Board of Directors of Fortistar Sustainable Solutions Corp., and a past member of the board of directors of the Independent Power Producers of New York and the board of directors of the Equipment Leasing Association and Leasing Foundation. Mr. Comora is a CPA and has an MBA from Columbia University and a BA from the University of Michigan. Mr. Mark Comora is the father of Mr. Adam Comora, our Co-Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Nadeem Nisar has served as a director the Company since December 2020. Mr. Nisar has also served as a Managing Director of Fortistar since July 2008, where he serves as Head of Fortistar s Investment Team. Mr. Nisar is a member of Fortistar s management and investment committees which oversee the operations of Fortistar s portfolio companies. Mr. Nisar serves on the board of directors of several of Fortistar s portfolio companies, including CarbonFree Chemicals LLC, Braven Environmental and Pellucere Technologies. Since joining Fortistar in 2008, Mr. Nisar has been executing Fortistar s successful long-term strategy of sponsoring control investments in large scale power generation and energy infrastructure companies as well as leading Fortistar s growth equity investments in biofuels, carbon capture and circular economy sectors. Prior to Fortistar, Mr. Nisar was a member of Deutsche Bank AG s Power Utilities group and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC s M A and Global Energy teams where he advised on 30 billion in M A and 20 billion in financing transactions. Mr. Nisar has a BS in Electrical Engineering from Washington University and a BA in Physics and Economics from Ohio Wesleyan University. 
 
 76 

Marco F. Gatti has served as a director of the Company since July 2022. currently serves as a Managing Director of ArcLight Capital. Mr. Gatti joined ArcLight Capital in 2018 and has 11 years of energy and private equity experience. Previously, Mr. Gatti served as the Chief Financial Officer of ArcLight Clean Transition Corp. I (Nasdaq: ACTC) from September 2020 to June 2021 when it completed a business combination. Prior to joining ArcLight Capital, Mr. Gatti spent five years as a Vice President in the Energy group at Warburg Pincus, where he focused on the sourcing, execution and portfolio management of equity investments in the energy and heavy industry sectors. Prior to joining Warburg Pincus in 2013, Mr. Gatti worked at Bain Capital, McKinsey Company and Praxair between 2007 and 2012. Mr. Gatti earned a Master of Business Administration from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, a Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Minnesota and a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from Politecnico di Milano. 
 
 Kevin M. Fogarty has served as a director of the Company since July 2022. Mr. Fogarty retired from Kraton Corporation, Inc. Kraton ), where since 2008 he served as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, following Kraton s sale to DL Chemical in March 2022. Kraton is a 2B leading global sustainable producer of specialty polymers and high-value biobased products derived from pine wood pulping co-products. Before joining Kraton, Mr. Fogarty spent 14 years with the Koch Industries, Inc. family of companies, where he held a variety of roles, including President for Polymer and Resins at Invista and President of KoSa s Polymer and Intermediaries business. Mr. Fogarty joined the Board of Directors at Ecovyst Inc. (NYSE:ECVT), a leading integrated global provider of specialty catalysts and services, in April 2022, currently serving as non-executive Chairperson of the Board, and Chairperson of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Since 2012, Mr. Fogarty has served on the Board of Directors of Glatfelter Corporation (NYSE:GLT), a leading global supplier of sustainable, cellulosic-based engineered materials, currently serving as non-executive Chairperson of the Board and previously having served as lead independent director from 2018 through 2021. Mr. Fogarty previously served on the Board of Directors of the American Chemistry Council from 2017 through 2022. Mr. Fogarty graduated from Dalhousie University, in Halifax, Nova Scotia with a Bachelor of Engineering in 1990. 
 
 Betsy L. Battle has served as a director of the Company since July 2022. Ms. Battle has served since 2009 as Founding Partner and Chief Investment Officer of Lone Peak Partners Management, LP, an investment firm registered with the SEC and NFA. Ms. Battle also serves as a director and member of the audit committee of Williams Rowland Acquisition Corp.Prior to her founding Lone Peak Partners Management, LP, she was Director of Manager Selection and a member of the Management Committee at Soros Fund Management LLC. Over her eight years there, she not only managed multibillion dollar portfolios of external hedge funds for the Quantum group of funds and George Soros, but also built the manager selection and due diligence processes as well as the multi-manager portfolio construction and monitoring methodologies. Prior to Soros Fund Management, she held positions at Bankers Trust, Citicorp and JP Morgan, primarily as a manager in Global Sales and Trading. She currently serves on the Board of Directors of the University of North Carolina Kenan-Flagler Business School Foundation Board, the Board of Directors of the Breast Cancer Research Foundation, the International Advisory Board of Carolina Performing Arts, as well as a Fellow with the Keenan Institute of Private Enterprise, and a member of the President s Council of the Peconic Land Trust. Ms. Battle received a BA from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1976. 
 
 Scott Dols has served as a director of the Company since July 2022 . Mr. Dols is the CEO of several waste-related companies. Mr. Dols is the Founder and, since 2002, has served as CEO of Big Truck Rental, which is a provider of new refuse and roll off rental trucks and provides waste haulers access to the latest model trucks. Mr. Dols is also a past Chairman of the National Waste Recycling Association and currently serves on the Supplier Board of Governors. Mr. Dols also currently sits on the board of the Environmental Research Education Foundation, which provides research and educational initiatives that translate directly into action for sustainable waste management practices. 
 
 Ashok Vemuri has served as a director of the Company since July 2022. Mr. Vemuri also serves on the board of directors of Version 1, and served as the Chairman of the board of directors of OSG Billing from July 2020 to September 2022. He also serves on the board of directors of Version 1, and served as the Chairman of the board of directors of OSG Billing from July 2020 to September 2022. He also served as Chief Executive Officer and a Director of Conduent Incorporated, a global digital interactions company, from the company s inception as a result of the spin-off from Xerox Corporation in January 2017 through August 2019. He previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Xerox Business Services, LLC and as an Executive Vice President of Xerox Corporation from July 2017 to December 2017. Prior to that, he was President, Chief Executive Officer, and a member of the Board of Directors of IGATE Corporation, a New Jersey-based global technology and services company now part of Capgemini, from 2013 to 2015. Before IGATE, Mr. Vemuri spent fourteen years in a variety of leadership and business development roles at Infosys, a multinational consulting and IT services company, where he joined as a business development manager and rose to serve as a member of the board. Mr. Vemuri is a member of the CEO Action for Diversity Inclusion. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree from St. Stephen s College, Delhi, and received his MBA from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad. Mr. Vemuri has 
 77 

served as a director for The Kroger Co. (NYSE: KR) since 2019, where he sits on the Audit and Financial Policy Committees. 
 
 Meetings of the Board of Directors 
 
 The Board of Directors held six meetings in 2022. Each Director attended at least 75 of the aggregate meetings of the Board of Directors, and meetings held by all committees on which such Director served, during the period for which such Director served. The Board of Directors met in executive session four times during 2022. Directors are invited and expected to attend the Company s Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 Director Independence 
 
 Nasdaq rules generally require that independent directors must comprise a majority of a listed company s board of directors. Under the rules of Nasdaq, a director will only qualify as an independent director if, in the opinion of that company s board of directors, that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. As a controlled company, we are largely exempt from such requirements. Based upon information requested from and provided by each director concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, including family relationships, our board has determined that Mr. Gatti, Mr. Fogarty and Mr. Vemuri are independent as that term is defined under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing requirements and rules of Nasdaq. 
 
 Controlled Company Exemption 
 
 Mr. Comora, through his control of OPAL Holdco, beneficially owns a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of our common stock. As a result, we are a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. Under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance standards, including the requirements (1) that a majority of its board of directors consist of independent directors, (2) that its board of directors have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities and (3) that director nominees must either be selected, or recommended for the board s selection, either by independent directors constituting a majority of the board s independent directors in a vote in which only independent directors participate, or a nominating and corporate governance committee comprised solely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. We may utilize these exemptions, and you may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of these corporate governance requirements. If we cease to be a controlled company and our shares continue to be listed on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with these standards and, depending on the board s independence determination with respect to its then-current directors, we may be required to add additional directors to its board in order to achieve such compliance within the applicable transition periods. 
 
 Director Terms 
 
 Each director was appointed to our board in connection with the closing of the business combination and holds his or her office until the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until his or her successor has been duly elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. 
 
 Committees of the Board 
 
 Our board maintains a standing audit committee Audit Committee and compensation committee (" Compensation Committee "). The respective members and functions of the committees are described below. Current charters describing the nature and scope of the responsibilities of each of the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee are posted on our website at www.opalfuels.com under the heading "Corporate Governance" and are available in print upon request to OPAL Fuels Inc., One North Lexington Ave, 14th floor, White Plains, New York - 10601. 
 
 Audit Committee 
 
 Our Audit Committee consists of Mr. Gatti, Mr. Fogarty and Mr. Vemuri. Each member of the audit committee qualifies as an independent director under the Nasdaq Listing Rules and the independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. Our Board has determined that Mr. Vemuri, as a member of our Audit Committee, qualifies as an 
 78 

audit committee financial expert as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K and possesses financial sophistication, as defined under the rules of Nasdaq. As directed by its written charter, which was adopted on July 21, 2022, the Audit Committee is responsible for, among other duties, appointing and overseeing the work of, and relationship with, the independent auditors, including reviewing their formal written statement describing the Company s internal quality-control procedures and any material issues raised by the internal quality-control review or peer review of the Company or any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities and their formal written statement regarding auditor independence; reading and discussing with management and the independent auditors the annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements, and preparing annually a report to be included in the Company s proxy statement; providing oversight of the Company s accounting and financial reporting principles, policies, controls, procedures and practices; and discussing with management polices with respect to risk assessment and risk management. In 
 addition, the Board of Directors has tasked the Audit Committee with reviewing transactions with related parties. The Audit Committee held four meetings during fiscal year 2022. 
 
 Compensation Committee 
 
 Our Compensation Committee consists of Mr. Mark Comora, Mr. Nadeem Nisar, Mr. Ashok Vemuri and Mr. Kevin Fogarty. Mr. Vemuri and Mr.Fogarty qualify as the independent directors under the applicable NASDAQ rules. As directed by its written charter, which was approved on December 1, 2022, the Compensation Committee, among other duties, makes recommendations to the Board of Directors as to the Company s general compensation strategy; reviews and approves the selection of the Company's peer companies for executive and Board compensation assessment purposes; reviews and approves the corporate goals and objectives and evaluates the Company's performance on an annual basis; reviews and recommends to the Board all forms of compensation (including any awards granted under compensatory plans); evaluates and recommends to the Board, the compensation of the Company s Co-Chief Executive Officers and other executive officers; and reviews and approves employment, severance or change in control agreements. In addition, the Compensation Committee evaluates and recommends, for approval by the Board of Directors, the appropriate level of compensation and fees for Board Committee service by non-employee directors. The Compensation Committee held one meeting during fiscal year 2022. 
 
 How Our Compensation Decisions Are Made 
 
 Role of the Board of Directors and Compensation Committee 
 
 The Company s executive compensation is determined by the Company s Compensation Committee. Historically, the Chairman of our board and the boards of directors of our predecessor companies have been responsible for setting the compensation of our Co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, and for working with our Co-Chief Executive Officers to set the compensation for the other executive officers. 
 
 Our Board of Directors is responsible for establishing and administering our executive compensation and equity incentive programs. This duty of the Board of Directors has been delegated to the Compensation Committee in accordance with the Compensation Committee s charter. The Compensation Committee reviews executive performance to establish compensation and approves appropriate modifications to the named executive officers compensation. The Compensation Committee evaluates and recommends, for approval by the Board of Directors, the annual compensation of the non-employee directors and oversees the equity compensation plans. 
 
 Role of the compensation consultant 
 
 During the last fiscal year, the Compensation Committee retained Korn Ferry to act as its compensation consultant to assist in its evaluation of executive and director compensation. Specifically, Korn Ferry (i) reviewed the Company s existing compensation programs; (ii) performed market assessment of base salaries, annual bonuses and long-term incentives for the Company s executive leadership team; (iii) developed a long-term incentive plan for the Company s executive leadership team; (iv) reviewed director compensation programs; and (v) provided an overview of U.S. compensation practices and market practices. 
 
 The Compensation Committee reviewed the independence of Korn Ferry from management and determined that the compensation consultant was independent. 
 
 Role of Management 
 
 The Compensation Committee has sole authority to establish annual compensation for the Company s named executive officers, and none of the named executive officers determines his/her own pay. 
 79 

Code of Ethics 
 
 Our Board adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on July 21, 2022 (the Code of Conduct that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officers, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, which is available on our website at https://investors..opalfuels.com/corporate-governance/documents-charters. Our Code of Conduct is a code of ethics, as defined in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K. We will make any legally required disclosures regarding amendments to, or waivers of, provisions of our code of ethics on our website. 
 
 Communications with the Board of Directors 
 
 Shareholders and other interested parties may communicate with members of the Board of Directors, including reporting any concerns related to governance, corporate conduct, business ethics, financial practices, legal issues and accounting or audit matters in writing addressed to the Board of Directors, or any such individual Directors or group or committee of Directors by either name or title in care of: General Counsel of OPAL Fuels Inc., One North Lexington Ave, 14th floor, White Plains, New York - 10601. 
 
 All communications received as set forth above will be opened by the office of our General Counsel for the sole purpose of determining whether the contents represent a message to our Directors. Materials that are unrelated to the duties and responsibilities of the Board of Directors, such as solicitations, resumes and other forms of job inquiries, surveys and individual customer complaints, or materials that are unduly hostile, threatening, illegal or similarly unsuitable will not be distributed, but will be made available upon request to the Board of Directors, a committee of the Board of Directors or individual Directors as appropriate, depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communication. 
 
 Board of Directors Leadership Structure 
 
 We recognize that different Board of Directors leadership structures may be appropriate for the Company during different periods of time and under different circumstances. We believe that our current Board of Directors leadership structure is suitable for us because it allows us to consider a broad range of opinions in the course of our Board of Directors deliberations, including those with knowledge of the Company s day-to-day operations and business strategy, as well as those with an experienced independent viewpoint. 
 
 Our Board of Directors are led by our chairman who contributes significantly to the development and implementation of our business strategy; facilitating communications among our directors; developing meeting agendas in consultation with the management and provide leadership and guidance to the management. 
 
 The Role of the Board of Directors in Risk Oversight 
 
 Senior management is responsible for assessing and managing the Company s various exposures to risk on a day-to-day basis, including the creation of appropriate risk management programs and policies. The Company has developed a consistent, systemic and integrated approach to risk management to help determine how best to identify, manage and mitigate significant risks throughout the Company. 
 
 The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing management in the execution of its responsibilities, including assessing the Company s approach to risk management. The Board of Directors exercises these responsibilities periodically as part of its meetings and also through two of its committees, each of which examines various components of enterprise risk as part of its responsibilities. The Audit Committee has primary responsibility for addressing risks relating to financial matters, particularly financial reporting, accounting practices and policies, disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. The Compensation Committee has primary responsibility for risks and exposures associated with the Company s compensation policies, plans and practices, regarding both executive compensation and the compensation structure generally, including whether it provides appropriate incentives that do not encourage excessive risk taking. An overall review of risk is inherent in the Board of Directors evaluation of the Company s long-term strategies and other matters presented to the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors role in risk oversight of the Company is consistent with the Company s leadership structure; the Co-CEOs and other members of senior management are responsible for assessing and managing the Company s risk exposure, and the Board of Directors and its committees provide oversight in connection with those efforts. 

80 

Executive Sessions 
 
 Consistent with our corporate governance guidelines, the non-employee directors of the Board of Directors regularly hold executive sessions. The Audit Committee, in accordance with its charter, meets separately with our executives at regular intervals or as otherwise deemed appropriate throughout the year to review our financial affairs, and meets separately in sessions with the independent auditors at such times as the Audit Committee deems appropriate to fulfill its responsibilities under its charter. The independent directors met in executive sessions four times during 2022. 
 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 Our named executive officers are: 
 
 Name Position with OPAL Age Adam Comora Co-Chief Executive Officer 51 Jonathan Maurer Co-Chief Executive Officer 63 Ann Anthony Chief Financial Officer 56 John Coghlin General Counsel 56 Scott Edelbach Executive Vice President 52 Anthony Falbo Chief Operating Officer 56 David Unger Executive Vice President 53 
 
 Adam Comora has served as Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company since it was formed in December 2020. From February 2011 until January 1, 2022, Mr. Comora was with Fortistar, a privately-owned investment firm that provides capital to build, grow and manage companies that address complex sustainability challenges, where among other positions he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of TruStar Energy (now the dispensing and monetization segment of OPAL Fuels). Prior to joining Fortistar, Mr. Comora was a partner at EnTrust Capital, an asset management firm based in New York City from 1998 to 2011 where he was an integral part of the investment team managing long only equities, a long/short strategy, and a fund of funds. While at EnTrust, assets under management grew from 1 billion to 6 billion. Prior to EnTrust, Mr. Comora was an Analyst and Associate at JP Morgan Investment Bank from 1994 to 1998. Mr. Comora received his Bachelor of Arts in Economics and Government from Cornell University. 
 
 Jonathan Maurer has served as the Co-Chief Executive Officer of the company since it was formed in December 2020. Previously, Mr. Maurer worked for over thirty years at our parent company, Fortistar, a privately-owned investment firm that provides capital to build, grow and manage companies that address complex sustainability challenges. There he was Managing Director and Co-Head of Fortistar s Investment Team and led all management and investment activities associated with Fortistar s renewable natural gas, landfill gas to power, and biomass energy investments. Mr. Maurer also served as a member of Fortistar s management and investment committees. Prior to Fortistar, Mr. Maurer was a commercial banker with JP Morgan Chase Co. Mr. Maurer has an MBA from Columbia Business School and a Bachelor of Arts from St. Lawrence University. 
 
 Ann Anthony has served as Chief Financial Officer of the Company since April 2021. Prior to joining the Company, from November 2019 to April 2021, Ms. Anthony was the Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Key Capture Energy, LLC, a start-up private equity funded battery storage company where she was responsible for managing all financial and human resource processes for the start-up company. Before joining Key Capture Energy, LLC, Ms. Anthony served from 2008 to 2019 in various capacities with South Jersey Industries, Inc, then public energy services holding company, most recently leading finance, and accounting as the Principal Financial Officer of SJI Utilities and Vice President and Treasurer of South Jersey Industries, Inc, then public registrant. Ms. Anthony received her Master of Business Administration and her Bachelor of Science in Finance from St. Joseph s University. 
 
 John Coghlin has served as General Counsel of the Company since June 2021. From 2014 until May 2021, Mr. Coghlin served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Colt Defense LLC, a manufacturing firm based in West Hartford, Connecticut. From 2007 to 2014, he served as the Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel at Healthcor Group, a global registered investment advisor. Prior to Healthcor, Mr. Coghlin served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel of the Operations Division of Citizens Financial Group. He began his career as an associate with the law firm of Rogers Wells. Mr. Coghlin received his Juris Doctorate from Boston College School of Law and his Bachelor of Arts from Tufts University. 
 81 

Scott Edelbach has served as Executive Vice President of the Company since December 2020. Mr. Edelbach was a founder of TruStar Energy which was formed in 2009. Prior to joining TruStar Energy, Mr. Edelbach worked at Oshkosh Truck Corporation for 18 years where his last position was Vice President of the Refuse Division. At Oshkosh Truck Corporation, Mr. Edelbach led the company to become the first major original equipment manufacturer in the U.S. to build and integrate natural gas fuel systems into large class 8 trucks. He was part of the development teams creating heavy duty electric hybrid chassis and utility bodies, such as garbage trucks and concrete mixers, that were to be used for commercial application nationally and in European markets. Mr. Edelbach received his Bachelor s in Business Management from Southwestern University. 
 
 Anthony Falbo has served as Chief Operating Officer of the Company since April 2021. From 2006 until April 2021, Mr. Falbo served in a similar capacity as Senior Vice President at Fortistar. He has over 36 years of experience working in the energy sector, both in the management of operating energy facilities as well as in construction management. During his time at Fortistar, Mr. Falbo participated in the acquisition of over 30 landfill gas-to-energy power projects and developed a best-in-class operating team. Prior to joining Fortistar, from 1991 to 2006, he served as an electrical power generation Supervisor for NAES Corporation. From 1985 to 1991, Mr. Falbo worked in the U.S. Navy Nuclear Power Program onboard submarines. Mr. Falbo received his Bachelor of Science from State University of New York Empire State College, where he continues his Master level coursework. 
 
 David Unger has served as Executive Vice President of the Company since December 2020. Mr. Unger served at Fortistar from February 2018 until January 1, 2022, where he served as a Senior Vice President. Mr. Unger previously worked for Waste Management, Inc. for 23 years and developed their renewable natural gas (RNG) and compressed natural gas (CNG) monetization lines of business. Mr. Unger has developed over 70 renewable energy facilities, including RNG, landfill gas (LFG) to electricity, and solar. Mr. Unger managed Waste Management s California CNG truck assets, monetizing both internally produced RNG and third-party sourced RNG. In 2015 and 2016, Mr. Unger was selected to Waste Management s Circle of Excellence for outstanding achievement. Mr. Unger has a Bachelor of Sciences in Renewable Natural Resources from the University of Connecticut and a Master of Business Administration from the University of New Haven. 
 
 Our executive officers are elected annually and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Except as described elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K, there are no family relationships among any of our executive officers and directors. There have been no material proceedings to which any director, executive officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than five percent of any class of voting securities of the Company, or any associate of any such director, executive officer, affiliate of the Company, or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to the Company or any of its subsidiaries. There are no arrangements or understandings with another person pursuant to which any of our executive officers or directors were selected as an executive officer or director. None of our current directors or executive officers have been, during the past 10 years, involved in any legal proceedings required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Introduction 
 
 The following section describes our compensation program for 2022 and compensation of our Co-Chief Executive Officers and other two most highly compensated executive officers (collectively, the Named Executive Officers or NEOs during 2022 . For 2022, the following individuals were our named executive officers (each a " Named Executive Officer " or " NEO "): 
 
 Adam Comora, Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Jonathan Maurer, Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 
 John Coghlin, General Counsel 
 
 Scott Edelbach, Executive Vice President 
 
 82 

Detailed information on the compensation for our NEOs is presented in the following tables and accompanying narrative. 
 
 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 
 
 Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) (1) 
 Stock Awards ) (2) 
 Non-equity incentive compensation ) (3) 
 All other compensation ) (4) 
 Total ) Adam Comora, Co-Chief Executive Officer 2022 506,731 650,000 595,500 1,752,231 2021 396,366 750,000 19,500 1,165,866 Jonathan Maurer, Co-Chief Executive Officer 2022 500,000 650,000 595,500 25,596 1,771,096 2021 380,519 750,000 26,000 1,156,519 Scott Edelbach, Executive Vice President 2022 304,756 185,000 79,400 1,309,174 9,939 1,888,269 2021 293,623 202,366 11,593 507,582 John Coghlin, General Counsel 2022 360,769 200,000 198,500 10,161 769,430 2021 181,731 131,250 2,154 315,135 
 
 (1) Includes cash discretionary bonuses paid to NEOs for 2022 and 2021. Please see additional information below in the section "Annual Incentives". 
 
 (2) On October 4, 2022, the Company granted time-based restricted stock units convertible into Class A common stock to all NEOs. The amounts shown above reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of such awards computed in accordance with the FASB's ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used in calculating these amounts are incorporated herein by reference to Note 17. Stock based compensation, to the Company's consolidated financial statements, set forth elsewhere in this report. 
 
 (3) The amount in this column represents the incentive compensation earned by Mr.Edelbach based on meeting certain performance metrics for the period from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2022, as further described below in the "Long-Term Incentives" section. 
 
 (4) The amounts shown in this column represent matching contributions under the terms of our 401(k) plan paid by us on behalf of each NEO. 
 Narrative Disclosure to the Summary Compensation Table 
 For the 2022 fiscal year, our compensation program consisted primarily of the following elements: base salary, short-term annual incentive awards, long-term equity incentives and benefit and perquisite programs. 
 
 Base Salary 
 
 Historically, we have provided base salary as a fixed source of compensation for our executive officers. Base salaries for NEOs are established based on the scope of their responsibilities, competencies and their prior relevant experience, taking into account compensation paid in the market for similar positions, the market demand for such NEOs and the NEO s total compensation package. Base salaries are reviewed annually, based on each NEO s success in meeting or exceeding individual objectives and on our financial performance. Additionally, base salaries can be adjusted as warranted throughout the year to reflect promotions or other changes in the scope of breadth of an executive s role or responsibilities, as well as to maintain market competitiveness. 
 
 Annual Incentives 
 
 Our compensation program for NEOs and other executive officers includes eligibility for annual cash bonuses. Annual bonuses were determined in the sole discretion of our Compensation Committee and Board of Directors, based upon the Company meeting its business and financial objectives generally and its annual financial performance targets in 
 83 

particular, as well as each NEO s individual performance. Based on the review of the NEOs performance by our Compensation Committee, our Board awarded the NEOs annual bonuses in the amounts set forth in the Summary Compensation Table above. 
 
 Long-Term Incentives 
 
 2022 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 The Company adopted the 2022 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan which was approved by our shareholders on July 21, 2022. The Compensation Committee believes that the effective use of long-term, stock-based incentive compensation is integral to the Company s success and is vital to its ability to achieve strong performance in the future and, therefore, delivers a portion of each executive s incentive compensation in the form of equity. These awards are intended to align the interests of our executives with those of our shareholders, enhance the personal stake of executive officers in the growth and success of the Company, provide an incentive for the executive officers continued service at the Company, and provide an opportunity for executives to increase their stock ownership levels. 
 
 In addition, pursuant to the Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement between Mr. Edelbach and OPAL Fuel Station Service LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and subsidiary of the Company, Mr. Edelbach is eligible to receive a base cash award in 2023 for the performance period lasting from January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2022 with a target value of 1,250,000 and a maximum value of 2,250,000. The actual incentive compensation is based on meeting certain performance metrics such as signing certain construction contracts with one major customer, new fuel purchase agreements, new dispensing contracts for RNG, environmental credits, new service and maintenance contracts as well as a discretionary amount as approved by the Compensation Committee. 
 
 Equity Awards 
 
 In October 2022, the Company awarded Restricted Stock Units as celebratory awards to all of its employees including its NEOs upon the occasion of the Company successfully completing the Business Combination and becoming a public company. All the Restricted Stock Units vest 100 on the first anniversary date. 
 
 Historically, prior to the Business Combination, Fortistar granted units intended to be treated as profits interests for U.S. federal income tax purposes to certain of the Company's executives through one of its feeder entities with such profits interests awards tracking the performance of the applicable predecessor companies of the Company (such awards, the Parent Equity Awards ). Participants were entitled to participate in pro-rata distributions from such predecessors of Opco during their employment. Effective as of December 31, 2020, the Parent Equity Awards were restructured to track the performance of the Company. Following the termination of their employment, their unvested Parent Equity Awards shall be forfeited, as further described in the governing documents of the applicable feeder entities. The Parent Equity Awards held by the NEOs remain outstanding during the NEOs employment with us post-Business Combination, however, the NEOs are no longer be eligible to receive any future Parent Equity Awards. No Parent Equity Awards were issued in the 2022 Fiscal Year. 
 
 Employee Benefits. 
 
 We provide standard health, dental, and disability insurance benefits to our executive officers, on the same terms and conditions as provided to all eligible employees. We do not offer a deferred compensation plan or pension plan and do not provide executive perquisites that are not generally available on a non-discriminatory basis to all of our employees. 
 
 401(k) Savings Plan 
 
 We provide all qualifying full-time employees with the opportunity to participate in our tax-qualified 401(k) savings plan. Our named executive officers participate in this plan on the same basis as our other full-time employees. 
 
 Employment Agreements 
 
 No NEO of the Company is a party to an employment agreement, Further, no NEOs are entitled to compensation upon a change in control or termination, provided, however, that upon a change in control of Opco, each NEO shall be entitled to payment with respect to such NEO s Parent Equity Awards in the amounts set forth in the table 
 84 

entitled Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End (assuming such change in control occurred on December 31, 2022, and other conditions described in footnote 9 to such table are met). 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 
 Name and Principal Position Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have not Vested (#) Market Value of Restricted Stock Units That have not Vested ) (9) (10) 
 Adam Comora, Co-Chief Executive Officer (1) 
 75,000 546,000 (2)(3) 0.43 5,032,841 (2)(4) 0.14 1,675,849 (2)(5) 0.16 1,917,846 (2)(6) 0.16 1,917,846 Jonathan Maurer, Co-Chief Executive Officer (1) 
 75,000 546,000 (2)(3) 0.29 3,355,325 (2)(4) 0.10 1,117,265 (2)(5) 0.11 1,278,809 (2)(6) 0.11 1,278,809 John Coghlin, General Counsel (7) 
 25,000 182,000 Scott Edelbach, Executive Vice President (8) 
 10,000 72,800 
 (1) On October 4, 2022, the Company granted 75,000 Restricted Stock Units to the recipient, which vest 100 on October 3, 2023, subject to continued employment with the Company on applicable vesting date. 
 (2) Parent Equity Awards entitle recipients to indirectly receive a percentage of the profits Profits Portion received by Fortistar from investment in OPAL Fuels LLC, after the repayment of the capital contributed to OPAL Fuels LLC by Fortistar. This column represents, as of December 31, 2022, a percentage of OPAL Fuels LLC which is approximately equal to such Profits Portion. 
 (3) This Parent Equity Award represents a grant to the applicable recipient on February 25, 2019, and which vests ratably on each of the first five (5) anniversaries of the date of grant. 
 (4) This Parent Equity Award represents a grant made to the applicable recipient on May 15, 2019, and which vests ratably on each of the first five (5) anniversaries of the date of grant. 
 
 (5) This Parent Equity Award represents a grant made to the applicable recipient on July 24, 2020, and which vests ratably on each of the first five (5) anniversaries of the date of grant. 
 
 (6) This Parent Equity Award represents a grant made to the applicable recipient on August 4, 2020, and which vests ratably on each of the first five (5) anniversaries of the date of grant. 
 (7) On October 4, 2022, the Company granted 25,000 Restricted Stock Units to the recipient, which vest 100 on October 3, 2023, subject to continued employment with the Company on applicable vesting date. 
 (8) On October 4, 2022, the Company granted 10,000 Restricted Stock Units to the recipient, which vest 100 on October 3, 2023, subject to continued employment with the Company on applicable vesting date. 
 (9 The market value of the unvested restricted stock units was calculated by multiplying the number of shares underlying such awards outstanding as of December 31, 2022 by the closing price of Class A Common Stock as of December 31, 2022, which was 7.28 per share (the " Closing Price "). 
 (10) The Market Value of Parent Equity Awards represents the value of the Profits Portion assuming that (i) all of the equity or assets or OPAL Fuels LLC was sold for fair market value on December 31, 2022, (ii) the proceeds of such sale were 
 85 

distributed to the equity holders of OPAL Fuels LLC (which, in turn distributed such amounts to their owners), and (iii) Fortistar received full repayment of its capital contributed to OPAL Fuels LLC. 
 Director Compensation Table 
 
 The following Director Compensation Table sets forth the compensation of our Directors for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. 

Name Fee earned or paid in cash ) (1) 
 Stock awards ) (2) 
 Total ) Mark Comora 30,326 80,393 110,719 Nadeem Nisar 29,076 80,393 109,469 Scott Dols 26,576 80,393 106,969 Betsy Battle 26,576 80,393 106,969 Marco F Gatti 33,220 80,393 113,613 Kevin Fogarty 35,720 80,393 116,113 Ashok Vemuri 37,935 80,393 118,328 Total 219,429 562,751 782,180 
 
 (1) The amounts shown in this column are prorated for the fees earned from July 21, 2022 when the Company went public. 
 (2) On October 4, 2022, the Company granted 10,125 time-based restricted stock units convertible into Class A common stock to each of the non-employee directors. The amounts shown above reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of such awards computed in accordance with the FASB's ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used in calculating these amounts are incorporated herein by reference to Note 17. Stock based compensation, to the Company's consolidated financial statements, set forth elsewhere in this report. 
 
 Narrative to Director Compensation Table 
 
 Prior to the closing of the Business Combination, none of the members of our board received any compensation for services as a director. As directors on our board post-Business Combination, all non-employee directors are paid as members of our board, and, if applicable, as members of any committee of our board, certain annual retainers as determined by our board. 
 
 The following non-employee director compensation program has been approved for the fiscal year 2022: 
 
 Each non-employee director shall be entitled to an annual cash retainer in the amount of 60,000. For each committee of our board upon which a non-employee director serves as a member, he or she shall be entitled to receive an additional cash retainer in the amount of 10,000 (or 15,000 in the case of the Audit Committee). For each committee upon which a non-employee director serves as both a member and a chairperson, such director shall be entitled to receive an additional payment in the amount of 5,000. 
 
 On an annual basis, each non-employee director shall be entitled to receive an equity award in the form of restricted stock units of OPAL Fuels. The number of shares subject to such awards shall be determined by dividing 135,000 by the Fair Market Value (as defined in our 2022 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (or its successor plan)) of our common stock on the date of grant of such award. 
 
 Each non-employee director will also be reimbursed for reasonable travel and other business expenses incurred in connection with attending meetings of our board and its committees. 

COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION 
 
 Our Compensation Committee consists of Mark Comora, Nadeem Nisar, Kevin M.Fogarty and Ashok Vemuri, none of whom were at any time during the year ended December 31, 2022 an officer or employee of the Company or any of our 
 86 

subsidiaries. None of our executive officers currently serves, or has served during the last year, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving as a member of our Board of Directors or on our compensation committee. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 
 
 We have one active equity compensation plan, our Equity Incentive Plan. The Equity Incentive Plan provides for the grant of stock options (incentive and non-qualified), stock awards (including RSUs), stock appreciation rights and cash awards. We have reserved an aggregate 19,811,726 shares of common stock for issuance under our Equity Incentive Plan, plus an annual increase on the first day of each calendar year during the 10-year term of the Equity Incentive Plan, equal to the lesser of (i) five percent (5 of the shares of our Class A common stock, Class B common stock, Class C common stock and Class D common stock outstanding (on an as-converted basis) on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (ii) such lesser number of shares as determined by our Board, subject to adjustment for stock dividends, reorganizations, or other changes in our capital structure. Shares underlying any portion of an award that is cancelled, terminates, expires, or lapses for any reason are generally returned to the available pool under the Equity Incentive Plan. Shares attributable to (a) shares of common stock upon the exercise of incentive stock options that are subsequently forfeited or repurchased, or (b) awards transferred under any award transfer program, shall not again be available for grant under the Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 The following table sets forth the number of shares of common stock subject to outstanding options, RSUs, warrants and other convertible securities into share rights, the weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, and the number of shares remaining available for future award grants as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Plan Category (A) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding restricted stock units, options, warrants and rights (1) 
 (B) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (C) Number of securities remaining for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in Column (A) Equity compensation plan approved by stock holders 422,349 19,389,377 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 
 
 (1) Includes 422,349 shares subject to outstanding RSUs under the Equity Incentive Plan. The weighted average exercise price in column (B) does not take these RSUs into account. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 
 
 The following table sets forth information known to the Company regarding the beneficial ownership of our Class A common stock and Class D common stock by: 
 
 each person who is the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our Class A common stock or our Class D common stock; 
 
 each of the Company s named executive officers and directors; and 
 
 all of the Company s executive officers and directors as a group. 

Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security. Under those rules, beneficial ownership includes securities that the individual or entity has the right to acquire, such as through the exercise of warrants or stock options or the vesting of restricted stock units, within 60 days of the date of this annual report. 
 87 

Except as described in the footnotes below and subject to applicable community property laws and similar laws, the Company believes that each person listed above has sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares. 
 
 The beneficial ownership of Class A common stock is based on 27,644,699 shares of our Class A common stock issued and outstanding and 144,399,037 shares of our Class D common stock issued and outstanding as of March 27, 2023. When computing the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned and the percentage ownership of a person, we include shares of common stock underlying securities held by that person that are convertible or exercisable or will become convertible or exercisable within 60 days of March 27, 2023, but we do not include those shares of common stock underlying such securities when computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owners (1) 
 Number of Class A common stock beneficially owned of Class A common stock beneficially owned Number of Class D common stock beneficially owned of Class D common stock beneficially owned of Total Voting Power Directors and officers: Adam Comora Jonathan Maurer 15,000 Scott Edelbach John Coghlin Marco F.Gatti Kevin M. Fogarty (2) 
 50,000 Betsy Battle Scott Dols Mark Comora (3) 
 880,600 3.19 144,399,037 100 96.43 Nadeem Nisar 10,000 Ashok Vemuri All directors and officers as a group 15 persons) (4) 
 961,923 3.48 144,399,037 100 96.44 Five Percent Holders: Entities affiliated with Mark Comora (3) 
 880,600 3.19 144,399,037 100 96.43 ArcLight CTC Holdings II, L.P. (5) 
 8,251,324 29.85 ARCC Beacon LLC (6) 
 3,059,533 11.07 Mendocino Capital LLC (7) 
 2,500,000 9.04 Entities affiliated with Electron (8) 
 1,800,000 6.51 Nyera II Limited (9) 
 1,500,000 5.43 Entities affiliated with Encompass Capital Advisors (10) 
 2,983,139 10.79 Zimmer Partners, LP (11) 
 2,054,183 7.43 Barclays PLC (12) 
 4,085,122 14.78 
 Represents less than 1 
 
 (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the directors and officers is One North Lexington Avenue, 14 th Floor, White Plains, New York 10601. 
 
 (2) Shares are held by GBBH Family Limited Partnership. 
 
 (3) Consists of (i) 142,377,450 shares of Class D common stock owned of record by OPAL HoldCo, (ii) 2,021,587 shares of Class D common stock owned of record by Hillman and (iii) 880,600 shares of Class A common stock owned by Fortistar LLC Fortistar ), but excludes an aggregate of 9,794,752 shares of Class D 
 88 

common stock potentially issuable to OPAL Holdco or Hillman (a total of 9,657,625 with respect to OPAL Holdco and 137,127 with respect to Hillman) in connection with certain potential earnout payments under the Business Combination Agreement. OPAL Holdco and Hillman collectively own of record 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of Class D common stock as of the date of this table. Each of OPAL Holdco and Hillman are controlled, through Fortistar and certain of its subsidiaries, by Mr. Mark Comora. Accordingly, Mr. Mark Comora is deemed to have beneficial ownership of the securities held by each of OPAL Holdco, Hillman and Fortistar. The shares of Class D common stock owned of record by Hillman are pledged to a bank in connection with certain indebtedness owing to such bank. See Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions Hillman Restructuring . Shares of Class D common stock may be converted into shares of Class A common stock as further discussed in Description of Securities Common Stock Class D common stock. The business address of each of Mr. Comora, OPAL Holdco, Hillman and Fortistar is One North Lexington Avenue, 14 th Floor, White Plains, New York 10601. 
 
 (4) Excludes 302,187 restricted stock units issued to these individuals on October 3, 2022. 
 
 (5) Consists of shares of Class A common stock held directly by ArcLight CTC Holdings II, L.P. Sponsor ). Daniel R. Revers has voting and investment discretion with respect to the securities held by Sponsor, and thus may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of such securities. Mr. Revers expressly disclaims any such beneficial ownership of such securities, except to the extent of his individual pecuniary interests therein. The parties hold shared voting and dispositive power over such shares. The business address of Sponsor and Mr. Revers is 200 Clarendon Street, 55 th Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02116. 
 
 (6) The business address of ARCC Beacon LLC is 245 Park Avenue, 43 rd Floor New York, New York 10167. 
 
 (7) The business address of Mendocino and NextEra is 700 Universe Boulevard, Juno Beach, Florida 33408. 
 
 (8) Consists of (i) 1,060,088 shares of Class A common stock held by Electron Global Master Fund LP EGMF ), (ii) 695,913 shares of Class A common stock held by Electron Infrastructure Master Fund LP EIMF ), (iii) 30,628 shares of Class A common stock held by Boothbay Absolute Return Strategies, LP BARS and (iv) 13,371 shares of Class A common stock held by AGR Trading SPC-Series Segregated Portfolio AGR ). James Shaver is the managing member of the general partners of EGMF and EIMF, and as such may be deemed to beneficially own the shares of Class A common stock held by EGMF and EIMF. Boothbay Fund Management LLC is the investment manager of BARS. AC Investment Management, LLC is the investment manager of AGR. James Shaver may be deemed to have investment discretion and voting power over shares of Class A common stock held by the BARS and AGR. The parties hold shared voting and dispositive power over such shares The business address of EGMF, EIMG and Mr. Shaver is 10 East 53 rd Street, 19 th Floor, New York, New York 10022. The business address of BARS is 140 East 45 th St., 14 th Floor, New York, New York 10017. The business address of AGR is 1350 Avenue of the Americas, Suite 2300, New York, New York 10019. 
 
 (9) Consists of 1,500,000 shares of Class A common stock. Benjamin Wasem, Pantelitsa Georgiade and Vasiliki Papalli (the Nyera Principals each has voting and investment discretion with respect to the securities held Nyera II Limited Nyera ), and thus may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of such securities. Each of the Nyera Principals expressly disclaims any such beneficial ownership of such securities, except to the extent of their individual pecuniary interests therein. The business address of Nyera and the Nyera Principals is 8 Stasinou Avenue, Photos Photiades Business Centre, Office 401, 1060 Nicosia, Cyprus. 
 
 (10) Consists of (i) 1,638,655 shares of Class A common stock which are held by certain fund entities and managed accounts for which Encompass Capital Advisors, LLC Encompass Advisors exercises investment discretion, and (ii) 1,344,484 shares of Class A common stock which are held by certain fund entities and managed accounts for which Encompass Capital Partners LLC Encompass Partners exercises investment discretion. Todd Kantor, as the managing member of Encompass Advisors, may also be deemed to beneficially own such securities. The parties hold shared voting and dispositive power over such shares. The business address of Encompass Advisors, Encompass Partners and Mr. Kantor is 200 Park Avenue, 11th Floor, New York, New York 10166. 
 
 (11) According to Schedule 13G, filed on February 9, 2023 by Zimmer Partners, LP, Zimmer Financial Services Group LLC, Zimmer Partners GP, LLC, and Stuart J. Zimmer (the Zimmer Parties ), the business address of 
 89 

the Zimmer Partners Parties is 9 West 57th Street, 33rd Floor, New York, NY 10019. The Zimmer Parties share voting and dispositive power over 2,054,183 shares of Class A common stock. 
 
 (12) According to Schedule 13G, filed on January 30, 2023 by Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC (the "Barclays Parties"), the business address of such parties is 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP, England. The Barclays Parties hold 4,085,122 shares of Class A common stock, with each party holding 2,042,561 shares of Class A common stock. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 
 Pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder, the Company s executive officers and directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of the Company s equity securities are required to file with the SEC reports of their ownership of, and transactions in, the Company s common stock. Based solely on a review of copies of such reports furnished to the Company, and written representations that no reports were required, together with information known to the company, the Company believes that during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, these persons timely complied with the applicable Section 16(a) requirements, with the exception of the following: Ashok Vemuri filed one late report covering one transaction. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The Audit Committee Charter provides for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction. 
 
 IT Services Agreement 
 
 OPAL Fuels LLC ("Opco"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company has entered into a Master Services Agreement with CoStar Partners LLC CoStar ). CoStar is controlled, indirectly, by Mr. Mark Comora through entities affiliated with Mr. Comora, including Fortistar and certain of its affiliated entities other than Opco. Prior to the closing of the Business Combination, Mr. Comora was Chairman of the board of managers of Opco and, thereafter became our Chairman of the Board. He is also the Founder and President of, and sole member in, Fortistar. Mr. Nadeem Nisar, also a former member of the board of Opco and a current member of our board, is a Managing Director of Fortistar and also serves as a member of Fortistar s management and investment committees which oversee the operations of Fortistar s portfolio companies. The Chief Executive Officer of CoStar is Mr. David Comora, who is the son of Mr. Mark Comora and the brother of Mr. Adam Comora who served as Co-Chief Executive Officer of Opco and is currently serving in the same capacity at OPAL. In addition, Mr. Adam Comora, Mr. Jonathan Maurer, Mr. Anthony Falbo and Mr. David Unger, at the time this Master Services Agreement was signed, served as executive officers of Opco and also served at Fortistar. Pursuant to this Master Services Agreement, CoStar provides certain information technology and consulting services and support to Opco. In consideration of the performance of these certain services, Opco has agreed to compensate CoStar approximately 150,000 per month. This amount may increase in the event Opco requests additional services under the Master Services Agreement. The term of this agreement is thirty-six months from the effective date of June 1, 2021 unless terminated sooner. CoStar has the right to terminate this agreement in whole or in part upon Opcos failure to cure any monetary default or default of any non-monetary material provision after a combined forty days of written notice from CoStar to Opco. Opco, on the other hand, may terminate this agreement in its entirety in the event that CoStar defaults in the performance of the services and such default is not cured within forty-five days of written notice from Opco of such default. 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement 
 
 90 

Opco has entered into an Administrative Services Agreement with Fortistar Services 2 LLC FS2 ). FS2 is controlled, indirectly, by Mr. Mark Comora through entities affiliated with Mr. Comora, including Fortistar and certain of its affiliated entities other than us. Prior to the closing of the Business Combination, Mr. Comora was Chairman of the board of Opco, and, thereafter, became the Chairman of our board. He is also the Founder and President of, and sole member in, Fortistar. Mr. Nadeem Nisar, also a former member of the board of Opco and a current member of our board, is a Managing Director of Fortistar and also serves as a member of Fortistar s management and investment committees which oversee the operations of Fortistar s portfolio companies. In addition, Mr. Adam Comora, Mr. Jonathan Maurer, Mr. Anthony Falbo and Mr. David Unger, at the time this Administrative Services Agreement was signed, served as executive officers of Opco and also served at Fortistar. Pursuant to this Administrative Services Agreement, Opco pays the applicable standard hourly rate for each professional of FS2 s personnel for administrative and support services; and FS2 pays the applicable standard hourly rate for each professional of Opco for technical, engineering, analytical, regulatory and other consulting services to FS2 or its affiliates in the event so requested from time to time. Additionally, Opco pays FS2 an agreed upon fixed monthly costs for its portion of administrative office space and equipment. The term of this agreement is thirty-six months from the effective date of December 31, 2020 unless terminated sooner. The agreement will terminate (i) upon the dissolution of either party; (ii) the expiration of the term where one party has provided notice of non-renewal; or (iii) at any time, at either party s option upon thirty days written notice if the non-terminating party is grossly negligent in its performance of its duties or willfully breaches this agreement, the non-terminating party acts fraudulently in the performance of its duties, or immediately, without notice, if the non-terminating party initiates bankruptcy proceedings. 
 
 Indemnification and Hold Harmless Agreement 
 
 Opco has entered into an indemnification and hold harmless agreement with Fortistar, dated December 31, 2020. Prior to the closing of the Business Combination, Mr. Comora was Chairman of the board of Opco, and, thereafter, became Chairman of our board, is the Founder and President of, and sole member in, Fortistar. Mr. Nadeem Nisar, also a former member of the board of Opco and a current member of our board, is a Managing Director of Fortistar and also serves as a member of Fortistar s management and investment committees which oversee the operations of Fortistar s portfolio companies. In addition, Mr. Adam Comora, Mr. Jonathan Maurer, Mr. Anthony Falbo and Mr. David Unger, at the time this agreement was signed, served as executive officers of Opco and also served at Fortistar. The indemnification and hold harmless agreement requires Opco, on behalf of itself or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries, to use its best efforts to repay and perform all of its outstanding liabilities and obligations, indemnify and hold Fortistar harmless from and against any and all payments, commitments, liabilities, losses, damages, expenses and costs of whatsoever nature by reason of or arising out of any credit support arrangements, including guarantees of repayment of debt, commitments to provide equity capital, and commitments to fund certain royalty payments in the event a project is not completed by a specific date or if a project does not deliver minimum annual contracted volumes of RNG, related to (i) several of Opco projects, namely the New River RNG LLC Project, the Noble Road RNG LLC Project and the Pine Bend RNG LLC Project and (ii) any such credit support arrangements that Fortistar may in the future so provide for the benefit of Opco. As of July 31, 2022, the approximate dollar amounts related to such credit support arrangements in existence by Fortistar under this indemnification and hold harmless agreement was (a) 0 in connection with outstanding loan guaranties (because the underlying loan had been repaid), (b) an aggregate of 14,500,000 in equity capital commitments related to three projects under construction, (c) 5,000,000 in aggregate payments if Opco fails to meet minimum delivery requirements for RNG related to the Noble Road RNG Project, and (d) certain make whole payments consisting of potential annual royalty payments if New River RNG Project was not completed by a date certain, which amounts are no longer at risk as the New River Project was completed prior to the required date. None of the foregoing amounts were due and payable at December 31, 2022, as none of the conditions upon which Fortistar would be required to perform on behalf of Opco under the indemnification and hold harmless agreement existed as of the date hereof. 
 
 Flue Gas Off take and Preferred Partner Agreement 
 
 Opco has entered into an agreement with CarbonFree Chemical Holdings, LLC CarbonFree ), a leading carbon capture business. Mr. Mark Comora, through Fortistar and certain of its affiliated entities other than OPAL, owns more than 10 of the voting equity of CarbonFree. Prior to the closing of the Business Combination, Mr. Comora was Chairman of the board of Opco, and, thereafter, became Chairman of our board, is also the Founder and President of, and sole member in, Fortistar. Mr. Nadeem Nisar who is a Managing Director of the managing member of CarbonFree, was also a former member of the board of Opco and a current member of our board. Mr. Nisar is a Managing Director of Fortistar and also serves as a member of Fortistar s management and investment committees which oversee the operations of Fortistar s portfolio companies Pursuant to the agreement with CarbonFree, which was entered into on November 29, 2021, both parties agreed that within 180 days of the date of the agreement they will cooperate to pursue the development of a carbon capture plant adjacent to a potential Opco RNG production location. If at the end of the 180 day period it is 
 91 

determined that it is not commercially reasonable to pursue the development of such plant at the location, the parties have agreed to cooperate to identify one or more alternative locations within 240 days of the date of the agreement. In the event both parties deem a project commercially viable and desirable, they will begin undertaking their respective responsibilities to implement the project. The parties have agreed that the construction of any such carbon capture plant shall commence by the end of 2022. If constructed, each plant will use CarbonFree s proprietary technology to capture CO from the flue gases produced by the adjacent Opco RNG production facility, transforming it into solid carbonate materials. 
 
 Pursuant to this agreement, CarbonFree is responsible for all costs associated with site procurement, planning, development, construction, maintenance and operation of any carbon capture plant constructed at the proposed sites and the maintenance and operation of all downstream systems of the projected flue gas pipeline interconnection system. Opco is responsible for procuring access to the land needed for the plant, providing engineering support to design and construct the interconnection system and supplying all available historical data analyzing flue gas from the relevant RNG plant. CarbonFree is entitled to retain all payments and revenue generated by the carbon capture plant, including any carbon credit payments. Opco is entitled to 80 of the value on any improvement of its CI score under the California LCFS system or other similar state program. Further, CarbonFree will be Opco s preferred provider of carbon capture technology and Opco will be CarbonFree s preferred provider of RNG where it has the legal right to designate such a provider. The agreement will terminate on the later of (i) November 28, 2024, or (ii) a date agreed upon in writing. Neither party may transfer, assign or delegate their rights or obligations without the other s prior written consent. 
 
 Hillman Restructuring 
 
 On December 11, 2020, Hillman, Hillman Power Company LLC Hillman Power ), and Customers Bank, among others, entered into a Loan and Guaranty Agreement (the Customers Loan Agreement pursuant to which Customers Bank extended to Hillman Power a term loan pursuant to the Main Street Lending Program in the aggregate original principal amount of 30,000,000 in accordance with the terms, and subject to the conditions, of the Customers Loan Agreement. Hillman and Hillman Power are controlled, indirectly, by Mr. Mark Comora through entities affiliated with Mr. Comora, including Fortistar and certain of its affiliates other than Opco. Prior to the closing of the Business Combination, Mr. Comora was Chairman of the board of Opco, and, thereafter, became Chairman of our board. He is also the Founder and President of, and sole member in, Fortistar. Mr. Nadeem Nisar and Mr. Jonathan Maurer each serve as a manager and each maintains a pecuniary interest in, a limited liability company that indirectly owns a passive equity investment in Hillman, Mr. Nisar, also a former member of the board of Opco and a current member of our board, is a Managing Director of Fortistar and also serves as a member of Fortistar s management and investment committees which oversee the operations of Fortistar s portfolio companies. Prior to the closing of the Business Combination, Mr. Maurer served as Co-Chief Executive Officer of Opco Fuels and is currently serving in the same capacity with us. Prior to being appointed of Co-Chief Executive Officer of OPAL in 2021, Mr. Maurer served as a Managing Director of Fortistar. 
 
 In connection with the Customers Loan Agreement, Hillman pledged its interests in the following Opco related subsidiaries: (i) its 11.1 minority equity ownership interest in CV RNG Holdings LLC, (ii) 50.0 equity ownership interest in Noble Road HoldCo LLC, (iii) 30.0 minority equity ownership interest in Pine Bend HoldCo LLC, and (iv) 50.0 equity ownership interest in Sunoma HoldCo LLC (collectively, the Pledged Membership Interests ). 
 
 On November 29, 2021, Opco and Hillman entered into an Exchange Agreement pursuant to which Hillman transferred the Pledged Membership Interests in exchange for the issuance of equity ownership interests in Opco (collectively, the OPAL Fuels Membership Interests consisting of (i) 14 Common Units (representing 1.4 of the current outstanding common membership interests in Opco) and (ii) 300,000 Series A-1 Preferred Units of Opco, which are redeemable after four years at the option of Hillman for an aggregate redemption price of 30,000,000, plus accrued and unpaid dividends thereon (collectively, the Exchange ). 
 
 On November 29, 2021, Hillman Power, Hillman and Customers Bank entered into a Limited Consent and First Amendment to Loan and Guaranty Agreement (the Limited Consent pursuant to which Customers Bank consented to the Exchange, amended the Customers Loan Agreement and released its security interest in the Pledged Membership Interests (the Lien ). Pursuant to the Limited Consent, the Lien shall automatically attach to the OPAL Fuels Membership Interests and Customers Bank shall have a first priority, perfected security interest in and Lien on all Hillman s rights, title and interest in and to the OPAL Fuels Membership Interests. 
 
 Opco Reorganization 
 
 92 

OPAL Holdco and Opco were formed as Delaware limited liability companies on December 30, 2020 (using their former names Acceler8 Holdings LLC and Acceler8 LLC, respectively), with OPAL Holdco owning all of the equity interests in Opco. Through a series of contributions and assignments, on December 31, 2020, the equity owners of Fortistar Contracting LLC, Fortistar Methane 3 Holdings LLC, Fortistar RNG LLC, Fortistar Services LLC, Gas Recovery Systems, LLC Minnesota Methane LLC and TruStar Energy LLC (the Opco Reorganized Entities contributed and assigned their equity ownership interests in these Opco Reorganized Entities (and, correspondingly, the subsidiary interests of each of these entities) to OPAL Holdco and, ultimately, Opco, resulting in the current organizational structure of Opco and its subsidiaries (the Opco Fuels Reorganization ). Prior to the Opco Fuels Reorganization, each of the Opco Reorganized Entities were controlled, indirectly, by Mr. Mark Comora through entities affiliated with Mr. Comora, including Fortistar and certain of its affiliates other than Opco. Prior to the closing of the Business Combination, Mr. Comora was Chairman of the board of Opco and, thereafter, became Chairman of our board. Mr. Comora, through his indirect control of OPAL Holdco, continued to control Opco and OPAL Holdco immediately following the Opco Fuels Reorganization and OPAL Holdco continued to own all of the equity interests in Opco immediately following the Opco Fuels Reorganization. In addition, as part of the earlier described contributions and assignments related to TruStar Energy LLC, Mr. Adam Comora, the former Co-Chief Executive Officer of Opco and our current Co-Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Scott Edelbach, the former Executive Vice President of Opco and our current Executive Vice President of OPAL, and Mr. Scott Dols, a former member of the board of Opco and current member of our board, contributed and assigned their equity ownership in TruStar Energy LLC, which ownership did not confer control in the entity, in exchange for noncontrolling equity interests in a limited liability company outside the organizational structure of Opco and its subsidiaries. 
 
 Sponsor Letter Agreement 
 
 Concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, (i) ArcLight, (ii) Sponsor, (iii) Opco, (iv) each executive officer of ArcLight and (v) the Class B shareholders of ArcLight entered into the Sponsor Letter Agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, (i) each Class B Shareholder agreed to vote in favor of each of the transaction proposals to be voted upon at the meeting of ArcLight shareholders, including approval of the Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) each Class B Shareholder agreed to waive any adjustment to the conversion ratio set forth in the governing documents of ArcLight or any other anti-dilution or similar protection with respect to the ArcLight Class B ordinary shares (including those resulting from the transactions contemplated by the Subscription Agreements (as described below)), (iii) each Class B Shareholder agreed to be bound by certain transfer restrictions with respect to his, her or its shares in ArcLight prior to the Closing, (iv) Sponsor agreed to subject 10 of its Class A common stock (received as a result of the conversion of its ArcLight Class B ordinary shares immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination) to vesting and forfeiture conditions relating to the volume-weighted average price targets for Class A common stock sustained over a period of 60 months following the closing of the Business Combination and (v) Sponsor agreed to pay ArcLight s transaction expenses to the extent they exceeded 26,000,000 in connection with the Business Combination. 
 
 Transactions with NextEra 
 
 Issuance of redeemable preferred non-controlling interests 
 
 On November 29, 2021, NextEra subscribed for up to 1,000,000 Series A preferred units, which are issuable (in whole or in increments) at the Company s discretion prior to June 30, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, no Series A preferred units were issued. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had drawn 100,000 and issued 1,000,000 Series A preferred units. The Company recorded paid-in-kind preferred dividend of 5,406 for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, no Series A preferred units were issued. Please see Note 14. Redeemable non-controlling interests, Redeemable preferred non-controlling interests and Stockholders' Equity, for additional information. 
 
 Purchase and sale agreement for environmental attributes 
 
 On November 29, 2021, the Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement with NextEra for the environmental attributes generated by the RNG Fuels business. Under this agreement, the Company plans to sell a minimum of 90 of the environmental attributes generated and will receive net proceeds based on the agreed upon price less a specified discount. A specified volume of environmental attributes sold per quarter will incur a fee per environmental attribute in addition to the specified discount. The agreement was effective beginning January 1, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company earned net revenues after discount and fees of 76,920 under this contract which was recorded as part of Revenues - RNG fuel. Please see Note 2. Summary of significant accounting policies for additional information. 
 93 

Commodity swap contracts under ISDA 
 
 The Company entered into an ISDA agreement with NextEra in November 2019. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company entered into commodity swap contracts on a periodic basis. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were three commodity swap contracts outstanding. The Company records the realized and unrealized gain (loss) on these commodity swap contracts as part of Revenues - Renewable Power. Please see Note 10. Derivative instruments and Fair value measurements for additional information. The Company recorded 5,495 and 2,885 as revenues earned under the commodity swap contracts. 
 
 Issuance of shares of Class A common stock for PIPE investment 
 
 In July 2022, the Company raised 138,850 in cash net of transaction expenses of 9,700 representing cash received from the closing of Business Combination and PIPE Investment. NextEra subscribed to the PIPE investment and was issued 2,500,000 shares of Class A common stock at 10.0 per share. Please see Note 3. Business Combination, for additional information. 
 
 PIPE Investors 
 
 Concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, ArcLight entered into Subscription Agreements with certain investors, including, among others, an affiliate of ArcLight and an affiliate of Opco, as well as the other PIPE Investors. Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, each investor agreed to subscribe for and purchase, and ArcLight agreed to issue and sell to the PIPE Investors, immediately prior to the Closing, an aggregate of 12,500,000 shares of Class A common stock for a purchase price of 10.00 per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of 125,000,000. As part of the 12,500,000 shares of Class A common stock to be issued pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, certain affiliates of ArcLight agreed to subscribe for and purchase 2,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, in the aggregate, and Fortistar LLC agreed to subscribe for and purchase 800,000 shares of Class A common stock, in each case on the same terms and conditions of the other PIPE Investors at a price of 10.00 per share. On May 11, 2022, PIPE Investors representing 110,806,000 of the original PIPE Investment entered into the Amended Subscription Agreements, whereby the termination rights described above were amended to extend the term of each Amended Subscription Agreement by 60 days to July 29, 2022. As a result, there was approximately 14.2 million less available proceeds from the PIPE Investment at the closing of the Business Combination. 
 
 Investor Rights Agreement 
 
 At the Closing, Opco, Ares, Hillman and the Class B Shareholders (collectively the OPAL Holders entered into the Investor Rights Agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, (i) ArcLight and Sponsor agreed to terminate the Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2021, entered into by them in connection with ArcLight s IPO, (ii) we agreed to provide the OPAL Holders certain registration rights with respect to certain shares of Class A common stock held by them or otherwise issuable to them pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, Second A R LLC Agreement or the Charter and (iii) the OPAL Holders agreed not to transfer, sell, assign or otherwise dispose of their shares of Class A common stock for up to 180 days following the closing of the Business Combination, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 
 On the Closing Date, we entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement with the TRA Participants, pursuant to which we are required to pay to the Opco Common Equity holders, in the aggregate, 85 of the amount of cash tax savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax or franchise tax that we actually realize (computed using certain simplifying assumptions) as a result of (i) the increases in tax basis and certain other tax benefits related to any (x) exchanges of Opco Common Units (together with our voting shares) for Class A common stock or Class C common stock, as applicable, or cash, and (y) payments made under the Tax Receivable Agreement (other than to the extent characterized as imputed interest), and (ii) tax benefits attributable to the portion of any payments made under the Tax Receivable Agreement treated as imputed interest. The payment obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement are our obligations and not obligations of Opco. 
 
 Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be based on the tax reporting positions that we determine, and the IRS or another tax authority may challenge all or a part of the tax basis increases or other tax attributes subject to 
 94 

the Tax Receivable Agreement, and a court could sustain such challenge. The parties to the Tax Receivable Agreement will not reimburse us for any payments previously made if such tax basis increases or other tax attributes are subsequently disallowed, except that any excess payments made to a party under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be netted against future payments otherwise to be made under the Tax Receivable Agreement, if any, after the determination of such excess. 
 
 If we experience a change of control (as defined under the Tax Receivable Agreement, which includes certain mergers, any plan of liquidation and other forms of business combinations or changes of control) or the Tax Receivable Agreement terminates early (at our election or as a result of a breach, including a breach for our failing to make timely payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for more than three months, except in the case of certain liquidity exceptions), we could be required to make a substantial, immediate lump-sum payment based on the present value of hypothetical future payments that could be required under the Tax Receivable Agreement. The calculation of the hypothetical future payments would be made using certain assumptions and deemed events set forth in the Tax Receivable Agreement, including (i) the sufficiency of taxable income to fully utilize the tax benefits, (ii) any Opco Common Units (other than those held by us) outstanding on the termination date are exchanged on the termination date and (iii) the utilization of certain loss carryovers over a certain time period. Our ability to generate net taxable income is subject to substantial uncertainty. Accordingly, as a result of the assumptions, the required lump-sum payment may be significantly in advance of, and could materially exceed, the realized future tax benefits to which the payment relates. 
 
 As a result of either an early termination or a change of control, we could be required to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement that exceed our actual cash tax savings. Consequently, our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement could have a substantial negative impact on our liquidity and could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes of control. For example, assuming no material changes in the relevant tax law, we expect that if we experienced a change of control, the estimated TRA lump-sum payment would be approximately 192.0 million depending on Opco s rate of recovery of the tax basis increases associated with the deemed exchange of the Opco Common Units (other than those held by us). This estimated TRA lump-sum payment is calculated using a discount rate equal to 6.32 , applied against an undiscounted liability of approximately 322.0 million. These amounts are estimates and have been prepared for informational purposes only. The actual amount of deferred tax assets and related liabilities that we will recognize will differ based on, among other things, the timing of the exchanges, the price of the shares of Class A common stock at the time of the exchange, and the tax rates then in effect. There can be no assurance that we will be able to finance our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 
 It is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized in accordance with ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ). As such, we have reduced the full carrying amount of the deferred tax assets with a valuation allowance under both scenarios. Management will continue to monitor and consider the available evidence from quarter to quarter, and year to year, to determine if more or less valuation allowance is required at that time. 
 
 Finally, because we are a holding company with no operations of its own, our ability to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement depends on the ability of Opco to make distributions to us. To the extent that we are unable to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, such payments will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid, which could negatively impact our results of operations and could also affect our liquidity in periods in which such payments are made. 
 
 Indemnification 
 
 On July 21, 2022, OPAL entered into certain Indemnification Agreements Indemnification Agreements with each of its directors and executive officers. The Indemnification Agreements require us to indemnify our directors and executive officers for certain expenses, including attorneys fees, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by a director or executive officer in any action or proceeding arising out of their services as one of our directors or executive officers or any other company or enterprise to which the person provides services at our request. 
 
 The foregoing description of the Indemnification Agreements is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Indemnification Agreements, a copy of each of which has been filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement of which this prospectus forms a part. 
 
 Sponsor Letter Agreement 
 
 95 

Additionally, in connection with the Closing, Opco and Sponsor entered into a letter agreement whereby Sponsor agreed to transfer, pledge or forfeit up to 150,000 shares of Class A common stock held by Sponsor for no consideration, upon and in accordance with the written direction of Opco. Pursuant to such letter agreement, Sponsor further agreed that if OPAL were to receive less than 6,800,000 in cash upon the release of the escrow fund established pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreement (such shortfall amount being referred to as the Shortfall Amount ), Sponsor shall transfer, pledge or forfeit up to an additional 102,000 shares of Class A common stock currently subject to forfeiture under earn-out provisions as provided in the Sponsor Letter Agreement entered into on December 2, 2021 among the OPAL, Sponsor, Opco and certain other persons (with such maximum number of shares pro-rated on a directly proportionate basis based on the size of the Shortfall Amount relative to 6,800,000). In January 2023, the Sponsor forfeited 197,258 shares related to this Sponsor Letter Agreement. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

As outlined in the table below, we incurred the following fees for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 for professional services rendered by BDO USA LLP BDO for the audit of the Company's annual financial statements and for audit-related services and other services as applicable. 
 
 Type of fees 2022 Audit Fees (1) 
 2,377,079 Audit-Related Fees Other services 
 
 (1) Audit Fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, quarterly review of interim consolidated financial statements and audit services in connection with other statutory and regulatory filings. It includes 920,000 for issuance of consents and professional services provided in connection with registration statements and comfort letters during 2022. 
 
 Pre-Approval Policy for Services Performed by Independent Auditor 
 
 The Audit Committee has responsibility for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of the Company s independent auditor. As part of this responsibility, the Audit Committee must pre-approve all permissible services to be performed by the independent auditor. The Audit Committee has adopted an auditor pre-approval policy which sets forth the procedures and conditions pursuant to which pre-approval may be given for services performed by the independent auditor. Under the policy, the Audit Committee must give prior approval for any amount or type of service within four categories: audit, audit-related, tax services or, to the extent permitted by law, other services that the independent auditor provides. Prior to the annual engagement, the Audit Committee may grant general pre-approval for independent auditor services within these four categories at maximum pre-approved fee levels. During the year, circumstances may arise when it may become necessary to engage the independent auditor for additional services not contemplated in the original preapproval and, in those instances, such service will require separate pre-approval by the Audit Committee if it is to be provided by the independent auditor. For any pre-approval, the Audit Committee will consider whether such services are consistent with the SEC s rules on auditor independence, whether the auditor is best positioned to provide the most cost effective and efficient service and whether the service might enhance the Company s ability to manage or control risk or improve audit quality. The Audit Committee may delegate to one or more of its members authority to approve a request for pre-approval provided the member reports any approval so given to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. All services provided by BDO during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements: See accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2. Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules: Financial statement schedules are omitted either due to the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the information required is included in the notes to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 96 

(b) Exhibit Index 

Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of December 2, 2021, by and among ArcLight, OPAL Fuels and OPAL Holdco (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021) . 
 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of OPAL Fuels Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed by the Company on August 10, 2022). 
 3.2 Bylaws of OPAL Fuels Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on July 27, 2022) 
 4.1 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252730) filed by the registrant on March 8, 2021) . 
 4.2 Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and ArcLight Clean Transition Corp. II, dated March 22, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on March 26, 2021). 
 4.3 
 Amendment No. 1 to Warrant Agreement, dated December 19, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 19, 2022) 
 
 4.4 OPAL Fuels Inc. Short-Term Incentive Plan 
 4.5 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Option Agreement 
 4.6 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Award Agreement 
 10.1 Form of OPAL Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-262583), filed on May 6, 2022 ). 
 10.2 2022 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on July 27, 2022). 
 10.3 Letter Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2021, by and among ArcLight CTC Holdings II, L.P., ArcLight Clean Transition Corp. II and certain other parties thereto (incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the r egistrant on March 26, 2021) . 
 10.4 Sponsor Letter Agreement, dated as of December 2, 2021, by and among OPAL Fuels LLC, ArcLight Clean Transition Corp. II and certain other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the r egistrant on December 3, 2021) 
 10.5 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021). 
 10.6 Form of Amendment No. 1 to the Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 12, 2022). 
 10.7 Tax Receivable Agreement, dated July 21, 2022, by and among OPAL Fuels Inc. and the persons named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on July 27, 2022). 
 10.8 Investor Rights Agreement, dated July 21, 2022, by and among OPAL Fuels Inc., ArcLight CTC Holdings II, L.P., and the other persons named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on July 27, 2022). 
 10.9 Second A R LLC Agreement of OPAL Fuels, including any Certificates of Designations (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on July 27, 2022). 
 10.10 Delayed Draw Term Loan and Guaranty Agreement, dated October 22, 2021, by and among OPAL Fuels Intermediate Holdco LLC, the Guarantors named on the signature pages thereto, and the Lenders (as defined therein), and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-262583), filed on March 25, 2022). 
 10.11 Amendment No. 1 to Delayed Draw Term Loan and Guaranty Agreement and Waiver, dated February 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-262583), filed on March 25, 2022). 
 
 97 

10.12# Environmental Attributes Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated November 29, 2021, by and between, on the one hand, NextEra Energy Marketing, LLC and, on the other hand, TruStar Energy LLC and OPAL Fuels LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-262583), filed on March 25, 2022). 
 10.13# Administrative Services Agreement, dated December 31, 2021, by and between OPAL Fuels and Fortistar Services 2 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-262583), filed on March 25, 2022). 
 10.14# Indemnification and Hold Harmless Agreement, dated December 31, 2020, by and between OPAL Fuels LLC and Fortistar LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-262583), filed on March 25, 2022). 
 10.15# Flue Gas Offtake and Preferred Partner Agreement, dated November 29, 2021, by and between CarbonFree Chemicals Holdings, LLC and OPAL Fuels LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-262583), filed on March 25, 2022). 
 10.16 Amendment No. 3 to Delayed Draw Term Loan and Guaranty Agreement, dated September 29, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on October 3, 2022). 
 10.17 Form of Stock Award Agreement dated September 15, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on September 19, 2022). 
 10.18 Forward Purchase Agreement, dated July 18, 2022, among ArcLight Clean Transition Corp. II, Meteora Special Opportunity Fund I, LP, Meteora Select Trading Opportunities Master, LP and Meteora Capital Partners, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on July 18, 2022). 
 10.19 Credit Agreement, dated August 4, 2022, made by and among OPAL Intermediate Holdco 2 as Borrower, the guarantors, the lenders thereto, Bank of Montreal as the administration agent, Wilmington Trust as collateral agent and Bank of Montreal, Investec Inc. and Comerica Bank as joint lead arrangers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on August 8, 2022). 
 10.20 Promissory Note, dated as of May 16, 2022, by and between Arclight and Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Company on August 10, 2022). 
 10.21 Dealer Manager Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2022, by and between OPAL Fuels Inc. and BofA Securities, Inc., as dealer manager (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (d)(xxv) to the Schedule TO filed by the Company on December 20, 2022) 
 10.22 Tender and Support Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2022, by and among OPAL Fuels Inc. and the public warrant holders and private warrant holders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (d)(xxvi) to the Schedule TO filed by the Company on December 20, 2022). 
 10.23 Service Contract Agreement , dated December 15, 2022, by and between OPAL Fuels Inc. and United Parcel Service Oasis Supply Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 21, 2022). 
 10.24 FM3 Credit Agreement, dated December 19, 2022, by and between Fortistar Methane LLC, OPAL Fuels LLC and a syndicate of lenders led by MUFG Union Bank N.A. as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 21, 2022). 
 21.1 List of subsidiaries of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on July 27, 2022). 
 23.1 Consent of BDO USA, LLP, independent registered accounting firm for OPAL Fuels Inc. 
 31.1 Certification of Co-Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Co-Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.3 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Co-Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Co-Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 98 

32.3 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 .INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 
 
 Previously filed. Filed herewith. Schedules and exhibits to this Exhibit omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. # Pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, certain confidential portions of this exhibit were omitted by means of marking such portions with an asterisk because the identified confidential portions (i) are not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 
 
 99 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 OPAL FUELS INC. 
 March 28, 2023 
 By: /s/ Jonathan Maurer Name: Jonathan Maurer 
 Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer 

Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jonathan Maurer, Adam Comora, Ann Anthony and John Coghlin, acting alone or together with another attorney-in-fact, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for such person and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all further amendments, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature 
 Title 
 /s/ Jonathan Maurer Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 Jonathan Maurer 
 Date: March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Adam Comora Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 Adam Comora 
 Date: March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Ann Anthony Chief Financial Officer 
 Ann Anthony 
 Date: March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Mark Comora Chairman 
 Mark Comora 
 Date: March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Betsy L. Battle Director 
 Betsy L. Battle 
 Date: March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Scott Dols Director 
 Scott Dols 
 Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 100 

/s/ Kevin M. Fogarty Director Kevin M. Fogarty 
 Date: March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Marco F.Gatti Director Marco F. Gatti 
 Date: March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Nadeem Nisar Director Nadeem Nisar 
 Date: March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Ashok Vemuri Director Ashok Vemuri 
 Date: March 28, 2023 

101 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP; Stamford, CT; PCAOB ID No. 
 F-1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Redeemable non-controlling interests, Redeemable preferred non-controlling interest and Stockholders' (deficit) Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

102 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 OPAL Fuels Inc. 
 White Plains, NY 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of OPAL Fuels Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in redeemable non-controlling interest, redeemable preferred non-controlling interest and stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Related Parties 
 As discussed in Note 11 Related Parties to the consolidated financial statements, OPAL Fuels Inc. and its subsidiaries have entered into significant transactions with NextEra Energy Marketing, LLC NextEra and Fortistar LLC Fortistar ), which are related parties. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 

March 28, 2023 

F-1 

OPAL FUELS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (1) 
 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents (includes and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Accounts receivable, net (includes and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Accounts receivable, related party Restricted cash - current (includes and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Short term investments Fuel tax credits receivable Contract assets Parts inventory Environmental credits held for sale Prepaid expense and other current assets (includes and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Derivative financial assets, current portion Total current assets Capital spares Property, plant, and equipment, net (includes and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Operating right-of use assets Investment in other entities Note receivable Note receivable - variable fee component Derivative financial assets, non-current portion Deferred financing costs Other long-term assets Intangible assets, net Restricted cash - non-current (includes and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Goodwill Total assets Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable (includes and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Accounts payable, related party Fuel tax credits payable Accrued payroll Accrued capital expenses (includes and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities (includes and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Contract liabilities Senior Secured Credit Facility - term loan, current portion, net of debt issuance costs Senior Secured Credit Facility - working capital facility, current portion 
 F-2 

OPAL Term Loan, current portion Sunoma loan, current portion (includes and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Convertible Note Payable Municipality loan Derivative financial liability, current portion Operating lease liabilities - current portion Other current liabilities Asset retirement obligation, current portion Total current liabilities Asset retirement obligation, non-current portion OPAL Term Loan Convertible Note Payable Sunoma loan, net of debt issuance costs (includes and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, related to consolidated VIEs) 
 Municipality loan Operating lease liabilities - non-current portion Earn out liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Redeemable preferred non-controlling interests Redeemable non-controlling interests Stockholders' (deficit) equity Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized as of December 31, 2022; and shares, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value, shares authorized as of December 31, 2022; ne issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Class C common stock, par value, shares authorized as of December 31, 2022; ne issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Class D common stock, par value, shares authorized as of December 31, 2022; issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total Stockholders' (deficit) equity attributable to the Company ) Non-redeemable non-controlling interests Total Stockholders' (deficit) equity ) Total liabilities, Redeemable preferred, Redeemable non-controlling interests and Stockholders' (deficit) equity 
 (1) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-3 

OPAL FUELS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except per unit data) 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues: RNG fuel (includes revenues from related party of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Fuel station services Renewable Power (includes revenues from related party of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Total revenues Operating expenses: Cost of sales - RNG fuel Cost of sales - Fuel station services Cost of sales - Renewable Power Selling, general, and administrative Depreciation, amortization, and accretion Total expenses Operating income Interest and financing expense, net ) ) Change in fair value of derivative instruments, net Other income Loss on warrant exchange ) Gain on acquisition of equity method investment Gain on deconsolidation of VIEs Income from equity method investments Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests Net loss attributable to non-redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) Paid-in-kind preferred dividends (1) 
 Net income attributable to Class A common stockholders Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock : Basic Diluted Per share amounts: Basic (2) 
 Diluted (2) 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 F-4 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

OPAL FUELS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars) 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income Other comprehensive income: Other comprehensive income attributable to equity method investment Net unrealized gain on cash flow hedges Total other comprehensive income Total comprehensive income Less: Net income attributable to Redeemable non-controlling interests Other comprehensive income attributable to Redeemable non-controlling interests Comprehensive loss attributable to non-redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) Paid-in-kind preferred dividends Comprehensive income attributable to Class A common stockholders 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-5 

OPAL FUELS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST, REDEEMABLE PREFERRED NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST AND STOCKHOLDERS' (DEFICIT) EQUITY 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except per unit data) 
 
 Legacy Common Units Class A common stock Class D common stock Mezzanine Equity Units Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Other comprehensive income Non-redeemable non-controlling interests Total Stockholders' Equity Redeemable Preferred non-controlling interests Redeemable non-controlling interests December 31, 2020, as previously reported ) Retroactive application of recapitalization ) ) ) December 31, 2020, as adjusted Net (loss) income ) ) Issuance of non-redeemable noncontrolling interest Issuance of Redeemable preferred non-controlling interest ) ) ) Acquisition of non-controlling interest ) ) ) Contributions from redeemable non-controlling interests Distributions to redeemable non-controlling interests ) Stock-based compensation Deconsolidation of entities ) ) Paid-in-kind preferred dividend ) December 31, 2021 Net income ) Unrealized gain on cash flow hedges Redeemable preferred non-controlling interest issuance ) Issuance of common stock from the reverse recapitalization and PIPE Investments, net of warrant liability, put option and earnout liability Conversion of Convertible Note Payable to common shares Conversion of Private and Public Warrants Change in redemption value of Redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Proceeds from non-redeemable non-controlling interest ) ) Amortization on payment to acquire non-redeemable non-controlling interest ) Stock-based compensation Paid-in-kind preferred dividend ) ) ) December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

OPAL FUELS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars) 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Income from equity method investments ) ) Loss on exchange of Warrants Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets Amortization of PPA liability ) Accretion expense related to asset retirement obligation Stock-based compensation Provision for bad debts Paid-in-kind interest income ) ) Change in fair value of Convertible Note Payable Change in fair value of the earnout liabilities ) Unrealized gain on derivative financial instruments ) Gain on repayment of Note receivable ) Gain on acquisition of equity method investment ) Gain on deconsolidation of VIEs ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of businesses acquired: Accounts receivable ) ) Accounts receivable, related party ) Proceeds received on previously recorded paid-in-kind interest income Fuel tax credits receivable ) ) Capital spares ) Parts inventory ) ) Environmental credits held for sale ) Prepaid expense and other current assets ) ) Contract assets ) ) Accounts payable Accounts payable, related party ) Fuel tax credits payable Accrued payroll Accrued expenses ) Operating lease liabilities - current and non-current ) Other current and non-current liabilities Contract liabilities ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of property, plant, and equipment ) ) Cash acquired on acquisition of equity method investment Deconsolidation of VIEs, net of cash ) Cash paid for short term investments ) Capitalized interest attributable to equity method investments ) ) Purchase of Note receivable ) Proceeds received from repayment of Note receivable Distributions received from equity method investment 
 F-7 

Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from Sunoma loan Proceeds from OPAL Term Loan Proceeds received from Business Combination Financing costs paid to other third parties ) ) Repayment of Senior Secured Credit Facility ) ) Repayment of Senior Secured Credit Facility - working capital facility ) Repayment of OPAL Term Loan ) Repayment of Municipality loan ) ) Repayment of Trustar Revolver Facility ) Proceeds from sale of non-redeemable non-controlling interest, related party Contributions from non-redeemable non-controlling interests, related party Acquisition of non-controlling interest ) Proceeds from issuance of redeemable preferred non-controlling interests, related party Contributions from members Distributions to members ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase in cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Interest paid, net of and capitalized, respectively 
 Noncash investing and financing activities: Issuance of Convertible Note Payable related to business acquisition, excluding paid-in-kind interest Fair value of Class A common stock issued for redemption of Convertible Note Payable Fair value of Class A common stock issued for redemption of Public and Private warrants Fair value of Derivative warrant liabilities assumed related to Business Combination Fair value of Earnout liabilities related to Business Combination Fair value of put option on a forward purchase agreement related to Business Combination Paid-in-kind dividend on redeemable preferred non-controlling interests Right-of-use assets for finance leases as of January 1, 2022 included in Property, Plant and equipment, net Lease liabilities for finance leases as of January 1, 2022 included in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Lease liabilities for finance leases as of January 1, 2022 included in Other long-term liabilities Accrual for purchase of Property, plant and equipment included in Accounts payable and Accrued capital expenses Accrual for deferred financing costs included in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-8 

1. 
 
 per share (the Class A common stock ), and each outstanding warrant to purchase ArcLight Class A ordinary share became a warrant to purchase share of the Company's Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share. Following the consummation of the Business Combination on July 21, 2022, the Company was organized in an Up-C structure. The Company is the managing member of OPAL Fuels. OPAL Fuels directly or indirectly holds substantially all of the consolidated assets and business of the Company. Please see Note 3 Business Combination for additional information. 
 
 On November 18, 2022, the Company announced the commencement of an exchange offer (the "Offer") and consent solicitation the "Consent Solicitation") relating to its outstanding (i) public warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock of the Company, par value per share, which warrants trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol OPALW (the Public Warrants ), and (ii) private placement warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock (the Private Placement Warrants and, together with the public warrants, the Warrants ). The Company offered to all holders of the Warrants the opportunity to receive shares of Class A common stock in exchange for each outstanding warrant tendered by the holder and exchanged pursuant to the Offer. Concurrently with the Offer, the Company solicited consents from holders of the warrants to amend the warrant agreement that governs all of the warrants (the Warrant Agreement to permit the Company to require that each warrant that is outstanding upon the closing of the Offer be exchanged for shares of Class A common stock, which is a ratio less than the exchange ratio applicable to the Offer (such amendment, the Warrant Amendment ). On December 22, 2022, the Company closed on the Offer and the Consent Solicitation. The Company issued and shares of Class A common stock in exchange for the of the outstanding Warrants and recorded as fair value of shares of Class A common stock issued based on the weighted average closing share price of and on December 22, 2022 and December 23, 2022, respectively. The Company recorded as loss on exchange of warrants in its consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 All amounts in these footnotes are presented in thousands of dollars except per share data. 
 F-9 

2. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company held equity interests in VIEs: Sunoma, GREP BTB Holdings LLC GREP ), Emerald RNG LLC Emerald ), Sapphire RNG LLC Sapphire and Central Valley. GREP has been presented as an equity method investment and the remaining VIEs Sunoma, Emerald, Sapphire and Central Valley are consolidated by the Company. Investments in unconsolidated entities in which the Company can influence the operating or financial decisions are accounted for under the equity method. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company accounted for its ownership interests in Pine Bend RNG LLC ("Pine Bend"), Noble Road RNG LLC ("Noble Road") and GREP BTB Holdings LLC ("GREP") under the equity method. The Company's interests in Beacon for the period between January 1, 2021 and April 30, 2021 were accounted for under the equity method. Beacon was consolidated after acquisition of remaining ownership interests increasing the ownership interest from to on May 1, 2021. 
 F-10 

F-11 

Emerging Growth Company Status 
 We are an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. The JOBS Act provides emerging growth companies with certain exemptions from public company reporting requirements for up to five fiscal years while a company remains an emerging growth company. As part of these exemptions, we need only provide two fiscal years of audited financial statements instead of three, we have reduced disclosure obligations such as for executive compensation, and we are not required to comply with auditor attestation requirements from Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding our internal control over financial reporting. Additionally, the JOBS Act has allowed us the option to delay adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies are required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards. 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash 
 Restricted cash - current (1) 
 Long-term assets: Restricted cash held as collateral (2) 
 Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 (1) Restricted cash - current primarily consists of (i) held in escrow to secure the Company's purchase obligations under the forward purchase agreement with Meteora (See Note.3 Business Combination for additional information). (ii) equity contribution to a joint venture in connection with the closing of OPAL Term Loan II (iii) 
 F-12 

relates to interest reserve on Sunoma Loan and (iv) held in a restricted account for funding one of our RNG projects. 
 
 consists of cash received upon closing of the Business Combination invested in money market accounts with maturities ranging between 1 and 12 months as of December 31, 2022. The amounts in these money market accounts are liquid and available for general use. 
 Our short term investments are generally invested in commercial paper issued by highly credit worthy counter parties and government backed treasury bills. Investments are generally not FDIC insured and we take counter party risk on these investments. 
 
 The Company incurred in transaction costs consisting of legal and professional fees, which were recorded as an offset to additional paid-in capital. As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded as deferred financing costs related to OPAL Term Loan II on its consolidated balance sheet. There have been borrowings to date under that debt facility. 
 
 In December 2022, the Warrants were exchanged in an exchange offer for shares of Class A common stock. The loss on the exchange of was recorded as part of Other (expense) income in its consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company incurred in third party legal fees and advisor fees relating to the transaction which were expensed as incurred and included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 of its Class A common stock (received as a result of the conversion of its ArcLight Class B ordinary shares immediately prior to the closing) to vesting and forfeiture conditions relating to VWAP targets for the Company's Class A common stock sustained over a period of months following the closing. OPAL Fuels equity holders are eligible to receive an aggregate of shares of Class B and Class D common stock upon the Company achieving each earn-out event during the earn-out period. The Earnout Awards were recognized at fair value on the Closing Date and classified as a liability which is remeasured at each balance sheet date and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company's consolidated statement of operations as part of change in fair value of derivative instruments, net. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a total gain of from the Sponsor and OPAL earn-out awards in its consolidated statement of operations. 
 Put option on forward purchase agreement 
 Prior to the closing of Business Combination, the Company entered into a forward purchase agreement with Meteora Capital Partners ("Meteora") pursuant to which Meteora agreed to purchase shares of Class A common stock from shareholders who had previously tendered such shares for redemption but agreed to reverse their redemption 
 F-13 

in escrow at the closing of the Business Combination to secure its purchase obligation to repurchase these shares at Meteora s option for a price of per share on the date that is after closing of the Business Combination. The cash plus earned interest is recorded as Restricted cash - current in the Company's consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. The put option written to Meteora on shares of Class A common stock is recorded as a liability under Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity with the change in the fair market value recognized in the consolidated statement of operations as part of change in fair value of derivative instruments, net. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a gain of in its consolidated statement of operations. See Note.3 Business Combination and Note 10. Derivative Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements for additional information. 
 Class D Units issued by OPAL Fuels to the prior investors. The Company allocates net income or loss attributable to Redeemable non-controlling interest based on weighted average ownership interest during the period. The net income or loss attributable to Redeemable non-controlling interests is reflected in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an adjustment of . 

The Company's allowance for doubtful accounts was and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 F-14 

per gasoline gallon equivalent of CNG that the Company sold as vehicle fuel in 2022. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, fuel tax credits receivable were and , respectively. Under the terms of its fuel sales agreements with certain of its customers, the Company is obligated to share portions of these tax credits. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amounts of fuel tax credits owed to customers were and , respectively. The Company recorded its portion of tax credits earned as a reduction to cost of sales RNG fuel in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company estimated the value of its total asset retirement obligations to be and , respectively. 
 Addition Accretion expense Total asset retirement obligation Less: current portion ) Total asset retirement obligation, net of current portion 
 natural gas producers ("Producers") to transport Producers' natural gas using the Company's RNG gathering system. The performance obligation is the delivery of Producers' natural gas to an agreed delivery point on an interstate gas pipeline. The quantity of natural gas transported for the Producers is measured at a 
 F-15 

of the environmental attributes generated and will receive net proceeds based on the agreed upon price less a specified discount. A specified volume of environmental attributes sold per quarter will incur a discount fee per environmental attribute in addition to the specified discount. The agreement was effective beginning January 1, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company earned net revenues after discount and fees of under this contract which was recorded as part of Revenues - RNG fuel. 
 Sales of environmental attributes such as RINs, RECs, and LCFS are generally recorded as revenue when the certificates related to them are delivered to a buyer. However, the Company may recognize revenue from the sale of such environmental attributes at the time of the related RNG or renewable power sales when the contract provides that title to the environmental attributes transfers at the time of production, the Company's price to the buyer is fixed, and collection of the sales proceeds occurs within 60 days after generation of the renewable power. 
 Management operating fees are earned for the operation, maintenance, and repair of the gas collection system of a landfill site. Revenue is calculated on the volume of per million British thermal units of LFG collected and the megawatt hours ("MWhs") produced at that site. This revenue is recognized when LFG is collected and renewable power is delivered. 
 The Company has various fixed price contracts for the construction of Fueling Stations for customers. Revenues from these contracts, including change orders, are recognized over time, with progress measured by the percentage of costs incurred to date compared to estimated total costs for each contract. This method is used as management considers costs incurred to be the best available measure of progress on these contracts. Costs capitalized to fulfill certain contracts were not material in any of the periods presented. 
 The Company owns Fueling Stations for use by customers under fuel sale agreements. The Company bills these customers at an agreed upon price for each gallon sold and recognizes revenue based on the amounts invoiced in accordance with the "right to invoice" practical expedient. For some public stations where there is no contract with the customer, the Company recognizes revenue at the point-in-time that the customer takes control of the fuel. 
 The Company from time-to-time enters into fuel purchase agreements with customers whereby the Company is contracted to design and build a Fueling Station on the customer's property in exchange for the Company providing CNG/RNG to the customer for a determined number of years. In accordance with the standards of ASC 840, Leases , the Company has concluded these agreements meet the criteria for a lease and are classified as operating leases. Typically, these agreements do not require any minimum consumption amounts and, therefore, no minimum payments. Upon adoption of ASC 842, the Company adopted the practical expedient not to reassess the classification. For additional information on lease revenues earned, please see Note 9. Leases. 
 Disaggregation of Revenue 
 
 F-16 

Third party construction Service Brown gas sales Environmental credits Parts sales Operating agreements Other Total revenue from contracts with customers Lease revenue (1) 
 Total revenue 
 fuel purchasing agreements our of which we have of our RNG fuel stations with minimum take or pay provisions and revenue from power purchase agreements at of our Renewable Power facilities where we determined that we transferred the right to control the use of the power plant to the purchaser. The Company classified them as operating leases under ASC 840 and made the election not to re-assess the classification upon adoption of ASC 842 on January 1, 2022. On August 25, 2022, one of the above fuel purchase agreements was amended which required the Company to re-assess the contract under ASC 842. The Company determined that the contract is no longer considered a lease under ASC 842. The lease revenue line above includes revenue for that contract only from January 1, 2022 to August 31, 2022. Please see Note.9 Leases for additional information. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively of revenue was recognized over time, and the remainder was for products and services transferred at a point in time. 
 Other income 
 Other income 
 F-17 

Contract Balances 
 Contract assets: Cost and estimated earnings in excess of billings Accounts receivable retainage, net Contract assets total Contract liabilities: Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings Contract liabilities total 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized revenue of that was included in "Contract liabilities" at December 31, 2021. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized revenue of that was included in "Contract liabilities" at December 31, 2020. 

The Company s inventory reserves were and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cost is determined using the average cost method. 

F-18 

F-19 

- years 
 CNG/RNG fueling stations - years 
 Construction in progress N/A Buildings years 
 Land N/A Service equipment - years 
 Leasehold improvements shorter of lease term or useful life Vehicles years 
 Office furniture and equipment - years 
 Computer software years 
 Other years 

When plant and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation or amortization is removed, and a gain or loss is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company capitalizes costs related to the development and construction of new projects when there is a significant likelihood that the project will be constructed for its intended use. This is determined based on the attainment of certain milestones, including, but not limited to, the receipt of permits; final negotiation of major contracts including gas rights agreements, gas transportation and engineering, procurement and construction contracts. Costs incurred prior to this time are expensed. Additionally, the Company capitalizes any interest incurred on its generic borrowings during the construction phase until the project becomes operational. 

Fuel Station Services Construction Backlog 
 The Company's remaining performance obligations ("backlog") represent the unrecognized revenue value of its contract commitments. The Company's backlog may significantly vary each reporting period based on the timing of major new contract commitments. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a backlog of of which is anticipated to be recognized as revenue in the next months. 

Major maintenance expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, and is included in cost of sales renewable power in the consolidated statements of operations. 

F-20 

PPAs, fueling station contract, transmission/distribution interconnection, and the cost of intellectual property all of which are amortized using the straight-line method over the underlying applicable contract periods or useful lives which range from five to . 

electricity forward sales agreements during 2022 that were recorded under the normal purchases and normal sales exception and, therefore, fair value adjustments were not required for the year ended December 31, 2022. Please see Note 10. Derivative Financial Instruments and fair value measurements for additional information. 
 
 The Company enters into commodity swap arrangements as economic hedges against market price volatility of Renewable power sales. These commodity swap agreements do not qualify for the normal purchases and normal sales exception and therefore are accounted for as derivatives under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging. The Company does not designate its derivative instruments to qualify for hedge accounting. Accordingly, these commodity swap agreements are measured at their fair value and recorded as either current or non-current assets or liabilities and any changes in fair value are recorded as part of Revenues in its consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 F-21 

Significant Customers, Vendors and Concentration of Credit Risk 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 two customers accounted for of revenue. For the year ended 2021, three customers accounted for of revenue. At December 31, 2022, two customers accounted for of accounts receivable. At December 31, 2021, two customers accounted for , of accounts receivable. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 one vendor accounted for of the accounts payable. As of December 31, 2021, no vendors accounted for greater than 10 of the accounts payable. 
 F-22 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not identify any impairments on its investments in other entities. 
 
 3. 
 per share of ArcLight was automatically converted, on a -for-one basis, into a Class A ordinary share, par value per share (the Class A ordinary shares ), of ArcLight; (ii) each issued and outstanding Class A ordinary share (including Class A ordinary shares resulting from the conversion of Class B ordinary shares into Class A ordinary shares) was automatically converted, on a -for-one basis, into a share of the Company's Class A common stock, par value per share; (iii) each issued and outstanding whole warrant to purchase Class A ordinary shares of ArcLight automatically converted into a warrant to acquire share of the Company's Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share ("OPAL Warrant"); and (iv) each issued and outstanding unit of ArcLight that had not been previously separated into the underlying Class A ordinary shares of ArcLight and the underlying warrants of ArcLight upon the request of the holder thereof prior to the Domestication was cancelled and entitled the holder thereof to one share of the Company's Class A common stock and one-half of one OPAL Warrant. 
 
 In connection with consummation of the Business Combination, the events summarized below, among others, occurred: 
 
 OPAL Fuels and its existing members caused OPAL Fuels existing limited liability company agreement to be amended and restated and in connection therewith, all of the common units of OPAL Fuels issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing were re-classified into Class B common units "Class B Units") of OPAL Fuels. The Company accounts for these Class B units as Redeemable non-controlling interests in its consolidated financial statements. Each Class B unit is paired with 1 non-economic share of Class D common stock issued by the Company. 
 
 ArcLight (i) contributed to OPAL Fuels in cash net of transaction expenses of , representing the sum of cash in the trust account after giving effect to the exercise of redemption rights by any Arclight shareholders plus the aggregate proceeds of the PIPE investment received and (ii) issued to OPAL Fuels shares of Class D common stock of the Company, par value per share; (ii) issued shares of the Company's Class A common stock to the PIPE investors at per share, par value per share and (iii) issued shares of the Company's Class A common stock to ARCC Beacon LLC ("Ares"); 
 OPAL Fuels issued Class A Units of OPAL Fuels to the Company; and 
 The Company contributed to OPAL Fuels, and OPAL Fuels in turn distributed to pre-closing members of OPAL Fuels, shares of Class D common stock, par value per share (such shares of Class D common stock do not have any economic value but entitle the holder thereof to votes per share). 
 
 Pursuant to a forward share purchase agreement (the Forward Purchase Agreement entered into between ArcLight and Meteora and its affiliates (collectively, Meteora ), prior to the closing of the Business Combination Meteora purchased Class A common stock of ArcLight from shareholders who had previously tendered such shares for redemption but agreed to reverse their redemption and sell such shares to Meteora at the redemption price, resulting in Meteora holding a total of Class A common stock, which Meteora agreed not to redeem in connection with the 
 F-23 

in escrow at the closing of the Business Combination to secure its purchase obligation to repurchase these shares at Meteora s option for a price of per share on the date that is after closing of the Business Combination. The cash plus earned interest is recorded as Restricted cash - current in the Company's consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. The put option written to Meteora on shares of Class A common stock is recorded as a liability under Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity with the change in the fair market value recognized in the statement of operations. As of December 31, 2022, Meteora sold shares. Subsequent to the year end, the agreement terminated and the Company performed on its obligation to repurchase the shares. Please see Note 19. Subsequent Events for additional information. The fair value of the put option for the remaining as of December 31, 2022 was estimated at . For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a gain of as change in fair value of derivative instruments, net in its Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Sponsor Letter Agreement entered into on December 2, 2021 among ArcLight, ArcLight CTC Holdings II, L.P. Sponsor ), OPAL Fuels and certain other persons concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement (the Sponsor Letter Agreement ), the Sponsor agreed to subject of its Class A common stock (received as a result of the conversion of its ArcLight Class B ordinary shares immediately prior to the closing) to vesting and forfeiture conditions relating to VWAP targets for the Company's Class A common stock sustained over a period of months following the closing Sponsor Earnout Awards ). The Company accounted for the potential earnout shares as a liability at fair value with the change in the fair market value recognized in the statement of operations. The Sponsor Earnout Awards were classified as liability as their settlement terms contained certain variables that precluded them from being considered index to the Company's common stock under the "fixed-for-fixed" requirement per ASC 815 D erivatives and Hedging . The fair value of Sponsor Earnout Awards as of December 31, 2022 was estimated at . For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a gain of as change in fair value of derivative instruments, net in its consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 Effective immediately after the closing, and upon the date on which the Company's annual adjusted EBITDA for the calendar year 2023 exceeds , (i) the Company will issue to OPAL Fuels equity holders (the Earnout Participants an aggregate of shares of the Company's Class B common stock and Class D common stock and corresponding OPAL Fuels Common Units in accordance with the allocations set forth in the Business Combination Agreement. Additionally, upon the date on which the Company's annual adjusted EBITDA for the calendar year 2024 exceeds , (i) the Company will issue to the Earnout Participants an aggregate of additional shares of the Company's Class B common stock and Class D common stock and corresponding OPAL Fuels Common Units in accordance with the allocations set forth in the Business Combination Agreement OPAL Earnout Awards ). OPAL Earnout Awards were classified as a liability under Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity because they are considered indexed to an obligation to repurchase shares by delivering cash or other assets as a result of certain settlement provisions. The fair value of OPAL Earnout Awards as of December 31, 2022 was estimated at . For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a gain of as change in fair value of derivative instruments,net in its consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Upon the completion of the business combination, the Company assumed the Public Warrants and Private Warrants. In December 2022, the Company successfully converted all the outstanding Warrants and issued shares of Class A common stock. Please see Note 1, Description of Business , for additional information. As of December 31, 2022, there are Warrants outstanding. 

F-24 

Cash proceeds from PIPE investors Cash in escrow account for the Forward Purchase Agreement Less: transaction costs and under writing fees paid (1) 
 ) Cash acquired from Business Combination Less: warrant liabilities ) Less: earnout liabilities ) Less: put option with Meteora ) Less: Deferred financing costs recorded in additional paid-in-capital (2) 
 ) Net additional paid-in capital from Business Combination recorded in Stockholders' equity 
 
 (1) Includes of Sponsor specific transaction costs paid at closing. 
 
 (2) Excludes of transaction costs paid at closing and recorded on OPAL Fuels' consolidated balance sheet prior to closing. 
 
 , consisting of the following: 

Class A - Sponsor shares (1) 
 Class A - PIPE investors Class A - Forward Purchase Agreement Class A - Ares Class D - Opal Fuels equity holders Total shares issued upon closing of Business Combination 
 
 (1) Includes Sponsor Earnout Awards subject to vesting and forfeiture conditions. 
 
 The Company incurred in transaction costs relating to the Business Combination which were recorded as an offset to additional paid-in capital in the consolidated Statements of Changes in Redeemable preferred units and Stockholders' equity. 
 
 4. 

F-25 

Balance at December 31, 2020 
 Contribution to equity method investments Net income from equity method investment ) Acquisition of remaining ownership interest in Beacon (1) 
 ) ) Deconsolidation of VIEs (2) 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Additional investment representing capitalized interest (3) 
 Other comprehensive income (4) 
 Net income from equity method investments Distributions from return of investment in equity method investment ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) The Company acquired of the remaining ownership in Beacon in May 2021 and fully consolidated the entity in the consolidated financial statements after May 1, 2021. 
 (2) The Company re-assessed its equity interests in Pine Bend and Noble Road under ASC 810, Consolidation and determined that entities no longer met any of the characteristics of a variable interest entity primarily because the projects were fully funded and there is sufficient equity at risk as of December 31, 2021. The Company determined that it should account for its interests in both entities under equity method of accounting pursuant to ASC 323, Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures, as the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over both entities. 
 (3) The capitalized interest is incurred by the Company increasing our basis in Pine Bend. The Company will amortize this amount in future periods over the useful life of the asset. 
 (4) It represents our portion of the other comprehensive income recorded by the equity method investee. 
 Note receivable 
 In August 2021, the Company acquired ownership interest in Reynolds which held a note receivable of to Biotown. The Note receivable had a maturity date of July 15, 2027 and carried an interest rate of of which is payable in cash on a quarterly basis from the inception of the loan and payment-in-kind interest adding to the outstanding debt balance until the facility becomes operational. 
 On July 15, 2022, Biotown repaid the total amount outstanding under the Note receivable including paid-in-kind interest and prepayment penalty. The total proceeds received were which included paid-in-kind interest accrued from August 2021 to July 15, 2022 and of prepayment penalty. The paid-in-kind interest income accrued during the year ended December 31, 2021 of is shown as cash flow from operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company recorded a gain on repayment of as part of Other income in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The Company recorded and as a reduction to interest and financing expense, net in its consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F-26 

of any revenue-based distributions made up to a maximum of over the term of the debt. The Company recorded the fair value of the Note receivable variable fee component of as an allocation of the initial investment balance of and recorded payment-in-kind interest income of as a reduction to interest and financing expense, net in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. 
 The Note receivable - variable fee component of and is recorded as a long-term asset on its consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Non-current assets Current liabilities Non-current liabilities Members' equity 
 The following table summarizes the income from equity method investments: 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Revenue (1) 
 Gross profit Net income Net income from equity method investments (2) 

(1) Revenues include a realized gain of from commodity swap contracts on our equity method investment, GREP for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 (2) Net income from equity method investments represents our portion of the net income from equity method investments in Pine Bend, Noble Road and GREP for the year ended December 31, 2022 and GREP and Beacon January to April 2021) for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

5. 

F-27 

CNG/RNG fueling stations Construction in progress (1) 
 Buildings Land Service equipment Leasehold improvements Vehicles Office furniture and equipment Computer software Vehicles - finance leases Other Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant, and equipment, net 
 
 (1) Includes of interest capitalized from our general borrowings for the year ended December 31, 2022 and of interest capitalized on our Sunoma Loan for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there has been an increase in property, plant and equipment as a result of an increase in the construction of RNG generation facilities including, but not limited to Emerald, Sapphire, and Central Valley RNG dispensing facilities. The majority of these facilities, for which costs are in construction in progress as of December 31, 2022, are expected to be operational during the fourth quarter of 2023 and early 2024. 
 and , respectively. 
 
 6. 
 ) Transmission/distribution interconnection ) CNG sales contract ) Intellectual property ) Total intangible assets ) 
 F-28 

) Transmission/distribution interconnection ) CNG sales contract ) Intellectual property ) Total intangible assets ) 
 The transmission/distribution interconnection represents an interconnector for one of the Company's LFG recovery facilities. The interconnection construction was initially funded by a municipality. The Company is scheduled to repay the costs of this construction through April 1, 2023. The remaining liability of under the Municipality loan is shown as part of current liabilities on its consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Please see Note 8. Borrowings, for additional information. 
 Amortization expense for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter 
 
 7. 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 8. 
 
 F-29 

Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) Less: current portion ) ) Senior Secured Credit Facility, term loan, net of debt issuance costs Senior Secured Credit Facility, working capital facility Less: current portion ) ) Senior Secured Credit Facility, working capital facility OPAL Term Loan Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Less: current portion ) ) OPAL Term Loan, net of debt issuance costs Sunoma Loan Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Less: current portion ) ) Sunoma Loan, net of debt issuance costs Convertible Note Payable Less: current portion ) Convertible Note Payable Municipality Loan Less: current portion ) ) Municipality Loan Non-current borrowings total 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 
 Senior Secured Credit Facility 
 On September 21, 2015, FM3, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a senior secured credit facility (the "Senior Secured Credit Facility") as a borrower and a syndicate of lenders, which provides for an aggregate principal amount of , consisting of (i) a term loan of "Term Loan Facility") and a (ii) working capital letter of credit facility (the "Working Capital Facility") of up to and a (iii) debt service reserve and liquidity facility of up to . The Company paid to the lenders in connection with the transaction. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and , respectively, was outstanding under the Senior Secured Credit Facility- term loan. 
 The borrowings under the Senior Secured Credit Facility bear an interest rate of a fixed margin plus LIBOR for the relevant interest period. The fixed margin is for the first four years, then until October 8, 2021, and 
 F-30 

of the outstanding debt under the Term Loan Facility amounting to on a quarterly basis which is then adjusted based on available cash and a target debt balance that declines each quarter. The Working Capital Facility contains a provision whereby the Company is obligated to reduce the amount borrowed to or less for a period of consecutive business days annually. As of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the total amount outstanding under the Working Capital Facility was . Additionally, the Company pays commitment fee of on the unused portion of the facility. 
 On October 8, 2021, the Company entered into the Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Amendment which extended the maturity date of the credit facility that supports the Renewable Power business to December 20, 2022. In addition, the minimum required debt service coverage ratio was reduced from to and the calculation of the Cash Flows Available for Debt Service was amended to exclude the proceeds of working capital loans deposited into the operating account going forward. Additionally, the Company is not allowed to make any distributions or restricted payments. In exchange for these accommodations, the Company agreed to repay as a permanent reduction of the Working Capital Facility and to increase the interest rate on the credit facility by basis points . 
 On December 19, 2022, FM3 entered into an Omnibus and Consent Agreement (the FM3 Amendment ). The FM3 Amendment amended the credit agreement, among other things, to (a) extend the maturity date of the obligations thereunder from December 20, 2022 to March 20, 2023, (b) permit OPAL Fuels to purchase the rights and obligations of certain exiting lenders at par, (c) prepay a portion of the outstanding loans made by the remaining lenders and (d) permit the release of certain project company subsidiaries of FM3 from the collateral securing the obligations under the credit agreement. Upon consummation of the FM3 Amendment, the Company repaid of the outstanding term loan. On March 20, 2023, the Company repaid in full the remaining outstanding loan under this facility. Please see Note.19 Subsequent Events for additional information. 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, FM3 had outstanding letters of credit that support obligations of the Company and its subsidiaries of and , respectively. The Senior Secured Credit Facility is collateralized by substantially all the assets of FM3 and assignment of FM3's rights, title, and interests in purchase and sale agreements and LFG rights agreements. 
 The Senior Secured Credit Facility contains certain warranties and financial covenants including but not limited to debt service coverage ratio to not be less than and restrictions on distributions and additional indebtedness. The lenders only have recourse to the assets of FM3. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, FM3 was in compliance with all debt covenants. 
 
 Patronage dividends 
 The Company is eligible to receive annual patronage dividends from one of its lenders, Cobank ACB under a profit sharing program made available to the borrowers. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company received cash dividends of and , respectively, which were recorded as credits to interest expense in its consolidated statements of operations. Additionally, the Company recorded as a long-term asset on its consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, which represents the Company's equity interest in Cobank SCB which will be redeemed for cash beginning in 2024. 
 OPAL Term Loan 
 On October 22, 2021, OPAL Fuels Intermediate Holding Company LLC OPAL Intermediate Holdco ), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a term loan agreement (the "OPAL Term Loan") with a syndicate of lenders. Of the , the Company had available for borrowing upon closing and the remaining to be made available as more RNG facilities become operational. The OPAL Term Loan is secured by a pledge in the equity interest of Beacon Holdco LLC, OPAL Environmental Credit Marketing LLC, OPAL Fuel Station Services LLC (f/k/a Trustar Energy LLC), and OPAL Fuels Services LLC along with cash bank accounts and a security interest in the Company s environmental credits. A portion of the proceeds of the OPAL Term Loan were used to pay off the outstanding balance under the TruStar revolver credit facility in October 2021 and the remainder will be used for general corporate purposes, including investments in RNG projects being developed by the Company. 
 Pursuant to the OPAL Term Loan, the Company borrowed in October 2021 and an another in February 2022 pursuant to an amendment allowing the Company to drawdown later than the original commitment date. 
 F-31 

million in Term A-2 Loans, and (ii) March 31, 2023 for the borrowing under the Term A-2 Commitments of a single final borrowing of Term A-2 Loans not to exceed million and (b) amended the principal repayment amortization schedule. 
 During the third and fourth quarter of 2022, of the RNG projects went operational and the Company borrowed under the OPAL Term Loan with an additional commitment of remaining under this debt facility. 
 The OPAL Term Loan matures April 22, 2025 and bears interest at plus SOFR. In accordance to the terms of the facility, OPAL Intermediate Holdco is required to repay or per month beginning March 2022 and an additional per month beginning September 2022. 
 The OPAL Term Loan contains customary warranties and representations and certain financial covenants which require OPAL Intermediate Holdco to maintain (i) minimum liquidity of until March 31, 2022 and thereafter and (ii) a leverage ratio not to exceed :1. As of December 31, 2022, the Company is in compliance with the financial covenants under the OPAL Term Loan. Additionally, the OPAL Term Loan contains restrictions on distributions and additional indebtedness. 
 Sunoma Loan 
 On August 27, 2020, Sunoma, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company entered into a debt agreement (the "Sunoma Loan Agreement") with Live Oak Banking Company for an aggregate principal amount of . Sunoma paid as financing fees. The loan bears interest at the greater of prime rate plus , or . The amounts outstanding under the Sunoma Loan are secured by the assets of Sunoma. 
 The Sunoma Loan Agreement contains certain financial covenants which require Sunoma to maintain (i) maximum debt to net worth ratio not to exceed :1 (ii) a minimum current ratio not be less than and (iii) minimum debt service coverage ratio of trailing four quarters not be less than . On July 19, 2022, Sunoma completed the conversion of the construction loan into a permanent loan and increased the commitment from to . 
 The borrowings under the Sunoma Loan Agreement bear interest at a rate of and have a maturity date of July 19, 2033. The Company is required to pay a quarterly amortization of principal of beginning in October 2023. The Company paid into interest and debt reserve accounts. This cash is recorded as Restricted cash - current and non-current in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 The significant assets of Sunoma are parenthesized in the consolidated balance sheets as December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Note 13. Variable Interest Entities for additional information. 
 Convertible Note Payable 
 On May 1, 2021, the Company acquired the remaining ownership interests in Beacon and signed an unsecured, contingently convertible note (the "Convertible Note") with Ares for a total aggregate amount for at an interest rate of per annum. The Company has the option to pay interest on the Convertible Note in cash on a quarterly basis or payment-in-kind. The Company chose the option of payment-in-kind interest. 
 The Convertible Note Payable matures earlier of December 31, 2026 or the date on which a change in control occurs as defined in the terms of the Convertible Note. Upon the consummation of the Business Combination, Ares was permitted to choose to convert the total amount outstanding under the Convertible Note to shares of Class A common stock based on a pre-determined conversion formula. Upon completion of the Business Combination in July 2022, Ares elected to convert of the outstanding amount under the Convertible Note to shares of Class A common stock. Therefore, the Company issued shares of Class A common stock and redeemed outstanding debt of . 
 The Company elected to account for the Convertible Note using the fair value option in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement , on May 1, 2021, which was determined to be . The fair value was subsequently remeasured on each reporting date and the change in fair value recorded as interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations for each reporting period. At December 31, 2022, the Convertible Note was classified as a current liability in the consolidated balance sheet at a fair value of as it is redeemable on demand by the Company or Ares. At 
 F-32 

. 
 The Company recorded as change in fair value of Convertible Note for the year ended December 31, 2022, as interest and financing expense, net. Upon completion of the Business Combination, the Convertible Note no longer provided for the prepayment penalty. Therefore, the change in fair value attributable to cancellation of prepayment penalty for the year ended December 31, 2022 was ). The Company recorded and as payment-in-kind interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Municipality loan 
 FM3, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a loan agreement for the construction of an interconnection that was initially funded by the municipality. The Company is scheduled to make payments to a municipality in the amount of plus interest at a fixed annual rate of through April 1, 2023. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and , respectively, were outstanding on the loan. 
 OPAL Term Loan II 
 On August 4, 2022, OPAL Fuels Intermediate Holdco 2 LLC ("OPAL Intermediate Holdco 2"), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary the Company, entered into a new Senior Secured Credit Facility (the "OPAL Term Loan II") with a syndicate of lenders. The indebtedness is guaranteed by certain of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of OPAL Intermediate Holdco 2. The OPAL Term Loan II provides for an approximately delayed term loan facility (the "DDTL Facility") of up to a maximum aggregate principal amount of and debt service reserve facility (the "DSR Facility") of up to a maximum aggregate principal amount of . The proceeds of the DDTL Facility are to be used to fund a portion of the construction of the RNG projects owned, either in full or through a joint venture with a third party, by the subsidiary guarantors and the proceeds of the DSR Facility are to be used solely to satisfy the balance to be maintained in the debt service reserve account. In connection with the transaction, the Company paid as financing fees to the lenders and incurred as third party fees. The transaction costs have been recorded as Deferred financing costs on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 The borrowings under the OPAL Term Loan II will bear interest at the benchmark rate of adjusted Term SOFR plus (i) for the period from closing to the earlier of the date of conversion of the construction loan to a term loan (the "Conversion Date") or September 30, 2024, a spread of , and (ii) thereafter a spread of . Accrued interest on amounts outstanding under the DDTL Facility must be paid on the last day of each applicable interest period. The outstanding principal amount of the DDTL Facility is subject to quarterly amortization payments commencing September 30, 2024 equal to of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding term loan balance as of the Conversion Date, subject to adjustment based on certain mandatory prepayments, with the balance due at maturity. The DSR Facility is due at maturity. The OPAL Term Loan II matures on August 4, 2027. 
 At December 31, 2022, there was principal amount outstanding under the OPAL Term Loan II. 
 TruStar revolver credit facility 
 On September 27, 2021, TruStar, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, renewed its existing revolving credit arrangement (the "TruStar revolver credit facility") with JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., for an aggregate amount of . The amounts outstanding under this credit facility had an interest rate of plus one month LIBOR. In the fourth quarter of 2021, the outstanding balance under this credit facility was fully repaid and the revolving credit facility was cancelled. 
 Interest rates 
 2022 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the weighted average effective interest rate including amortization of debt issuance costs on Senior Secured Credit Facility was including a margin plus LIBOR. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the weighted average effective interest rate including amortization of debt issuance costs on OPAL Term Loan was . 
 F-33 

. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the payment-in-kind interest rate on Convertible Note Payable was . 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the weighted average interest rate on Municipality loan was . 
 2021 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the interest rate on Senior Secured Facility included a margin plus LIBOR and commitment fees of on unused portion of the Working Capital Facility. The weighted average effective interest rate including the amortization of debt issuance costs for this period was . 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the interest rate on TruStar Revolver Credit Facility including a margin plus LIBOR was . 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the paid-in-kind interest rate on Convertible note payable was . The change in fair value of the Note recorded as interest expense between May 1, 2021 and December 31, 2021 was . 
 For the year end December 31, 2021, the interest rate on OPAL term loan was and commitment fees of on the undrawn portion of the facility. The weighted average effective interest rate including the amortization of debt issuance costs for this period was . 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the weighted average effective interest rate on the Sunoma Credit Facility was . 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the weighted average interest rate on Municipality Loan was . 
 Municipality loan TruStar revolver credit facility Convertible Note Payable mark-to-market (1) 
 Sunoma Loan (2) 
 OPAL Term Loan (3) 
 Commitment fees and other finance fees Interest expense on finance leases Amortization of deferred financing cost Interest income ) ) Total interest expense 
 (1) The mark-to-market on the Convertible Note Payable is inclusive of fair value change in the Convertible Note due to cancellation of prepayment penalty post Business Combination of ). 
 (2) The interest on Sunoma Loan was capitalized during the construction phase of the RNG facility. Sunoma became operational in December 2021. Therefore, the interest for the year ended December 31, 2022 has been expensed. 
 (3) Excludes and of interest capitalized and recorded as part of Property, plant and equipment, net for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 9. 
 F-34 

FPAs which have minimum volume requirements. The Company evaluated these contracts under ASC 840 and classified them as operating leases. The Company elected not to reassess the lease classification on January 1, 2022 due to change in criteria under ASC 842 for these FPAs. There were no amendments to of the contracts after the Adoption Date. 
 
 However, of the FPAs was amended on August 25, 2022. The amendment specifically changed the counter party to another affiliate of our customer and amended the rate for fuel dispensed amongst other things. The Company reassessed the contract under ASC 842 on August 25, 2022 and determined that the contract no longer is considered a lease under ASC 842 because the customer does not substantially get all the economic benefits of the use of the fuel station. This conclusion was reached because the Company retained the right to keep all the environmental attributes and monetize by selling them to a unrelated third party. Therefore, the Company included only the portion of revenue earned from this FPA from January 1, 2022 till August 25, 2022 as part of the lease revenue. 
 Power Purchase agreements 
 Power purchase agreements ("PPAs") are for the sale of electricity generated at our Renewable Power facilities. All of our Renewable Power facilities operate under fixed pricing or indexed pricing based on market prices. of our Renewable Power facilities transfer the right to control the use of the power plant to the purchaser and are therefore classified as operating leases. The Company elected not to reassess the lease classification due to change in criteria under ASC 842 for these PPAs. There were no amendments to these contracts after the Adoption Date. 
 The adoption of ASC 842 did not materially impact the revenue recognition for the above contracts. Included in RNG fuel revenues are and related to the lease portion of the FPAs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Included in Renewable Power revenues are and related to the lease element of the PPAs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Lessee contracts 
 Ground/Site leases 
 The Company through various of its indirectly owned subsidiaries holds site leases on landfills/dairy farms to build RNG generation facilities. Typically, the lease payments over the lease term are immaterial except for of our RNG facilities - Beacon and two sites at our Central Valley project - MS Digester ("MS") and VS Digester ("VS"). 
 As of the Adoption Date, the lease at Beacon facility is for years at a monthly rent of . 
 As of the Adoption Date, the lease term for MD and VS is for a period of years from their commercial operation date at a quarterly rent of . As of the Adoption Date, the commercial operation date for MD and VS was expected to be December 31, 2022 and February 1, 2023, respectively. However, as of October 1, 
 F-35 

months and contained an option to renew for an additional months. In September 2020, the Company exercised this option. In March, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to the lease which extended the lease term till January 2026. The rent for the lease is per month with a built in escalation to from February 1, 2022 to February 1, 2023, from February 1, 2023 - February 1, 2024, from February 1 2024 - February 1, 2025 and for the remaining lease term. The Company accounted the change in the lease term as a lease modification and reassessed the right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities as of March 31, 2022. 
 The Company currently shares office space with Fortistar and reimburses Fortistar on a monthly basis at a predetermined rate. The Company determined that this is not a lease under ASC 842 as there is no identifiable asset and the Company does not have the right to control the use of the office space. 
 The Company determined that the site leases and the office lease as operating leases. 
 Under ASC 842, leases are classified as either finance or operating arrangements, with such classification affecting the pattern and classification of expense recognition in an entity's income statement. For operating leases, ASC 842 requires recognition in an entity s income statement of a single lease expense, calculated so that the cost of the lease is allocated over the lease term, generally on a straight-line basis. Right-of-use assets represent a right to use 
 an underlying asset for the lease term and the related lease liability represents an obligation to make lease payments pursuant to the contractual terms of the lease agreement. 
 Based on the above guidance, the lease expense for the site leases is included as part of Cost of sales - RNG Fuel in its consolidated statement of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The lease expense for the office lease is recorded as part Selling, general and administrative expenses in its consolidated statement of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Vehicle leases 
 The Company leases approximately vehicles in our FM3 and OPAL Fuel Station Services subsidiaries. The leases contain repurchase options at the end of the lease term and the sum total of the lease payments represents substantially the fair value of the asset. 
 Under ASC 842, the Company determined that the vehicle leases are finance leases. For finance leases, ASC 842 requires recognition of amortization of right-of-use asset as part of depreciation and amortization expense and the interest on the finance lease liability as interest expense in the income statement. The Company accordingly recognized its lease expense on the vehicle leases as part of Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense and interest and financing expense, net in its statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Adoption of ASC 842 
 The Company adopted ASC 842 on January 1, 2022, which resulted in the recognition of operating lease right-of-use assets of and related lease liabilities for operating leases of in Total Assets and Total Liabilities, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheet on January 1, 2022. The Company also recognized of finance lease right-of-use assets and related f lease liabilities for finance leases of in Total Assets and Total Liabilities, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheet on January 1, 2022. 
 The Company adopted ASC 842 using the adoption date transition method. Under this method, the Company will apply the guidance to each lease that had commenced as of the beginning of the reporting period in which the entity first 
 F-36 

to for the lease contracts for which the Company recorded right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities. The Company updated the incremental borrowing rate at the end of each reporting period and applied that rate to any new leases entered into in the applicable reporting period. 
 
 The Company calculated the net present value of the remaining lease payments as of January 1, 2022 for existing leases as of that date and recorded the right-of-use assets and corresponding liabilities on the Adoption Date. For the leases entered into during 2022, the Company recorded the right-of-use asset and lease liabilities in the reporting period the lease term began. Additionally, the Company recorded lease modifications on leases where the lease term was extended. 
 
 Prior to January 1, 2022, the Company recognized lease expense in accordance with then-existing ASC 840. Because both ASC 842 and ASC 840 generally recognize operating lease expense as a single line expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease arrangement, there were no material differences between the timing and amount of lease expense recognized for the operating leases under the two accounting methodologies for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 However, the adoption of ASC 842 changed the expense recognition on finance leases by splitting the lease expense into its individual elements - amortization expense and interest expense. Although there was no material difference in the total expense recognized in its statement of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the lease expense on finance leases for the year ended December 31, 2022 has been presented as part of Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense and interest and financing expense, net in its consolidated statement of operations. 
 Lease Disclosures Under ASC 842 
 The objective of the disclosure requirements under ASC 842 is to enable users of an entity s financial statements to assess the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from lease arrangements. In addition to the supplemental qualitative leasing disclosures included above, below are quantitative disclosures that are intended to meet the stated objective of ASC 842. 
 
 F-37 

Office lease (3) 
 Right-of-use assets Finance leases: Vehicle leases (4) 
 Property, plant and equipment, net Liabilities: Sites leases Lease liabilities - current portion Office lease Lease liabilities - current portion Vehicle leases Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Sites leases Lease liabilities - non-current portion Office lease Lease liabilities - non-current portion Vehicle leases Other long-term liabilities 
 
 (1) The Operating lease right-of-use asset and Operating lease liabilities represent the present value of lease payments for the remaining term of the lease. The discount rate used ranged from to . 
 (2) The Company recorded lease modifications on of site leases on October 1, 2022 where the lease term was extended and reduced the right-of-use asset and the corresponding lease liabilities by as the incremental borrowing rates increased in the fourth quarter of 2022 when the lease modification was recorded. 
 (3) The Company exercised its option to extend the lease in March 2022 which the Company recorded as a lease modification. The Company increased the right-of-use asset and the corresponding lease liability by . 
 (4) The Company entered into multiple vehicle leases during 2022 which were recorded as new leases at the beginning of the lease term. The Company recorded an aggregate of right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities. 
 The table below presents components of the Company's lease expense for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Description Location in Statement of Operations Amount (1) 
 Operating lease expense for site leases Cost of sales - RNG Fuel Operating lease expense for office lease Selling, general, administrative expenses Amortization of right-of-use assets - finance leases Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense Interest expense on lease liabilities - finance leases Interest and financing expense, net 
 (1) The Company does not have material short term lease expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 The Company did not enter into any operating leases greater than 12 months for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 F-38 

years Financing leases years Weighted average discount rate Operating leases Financing leases 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 and beyond Present value of lease liability Lease liabilities - current portion Lease liabilities - non-current portion Total lease liabilities Discount based on incremental borrowing rate 
 The office rent expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 was . 

10. 
 in 2020 to in 2022. The Company has accounted for these instruments as economic hedges and has included changes in their fair market value in the consolidated statements of operations. The swaps expired in September 2022. 
 During August 2022, the Company entered into interest rate swaps for the notional amount of of OPAL Term Loan II at a fixed interest rate of to hedge the SOFR-based floating interest rate. On August 16, 2022, the Company entered into a swaption for a notional amount of with fixed rate of with a maturity date of December 30, 2022. The maturity date was extended to March 30, 2023. The Company accounted for the swaption as an economic hedge and included the change in the fair market value in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 F-39 

interest rate swaps were designated and qualified as cash flow hedges. The Company uses interest rate swaps for the management of interest rate risk exposure, as an interest rate swap effectively converts a portion of the Company s debt from a floating to a fixed rate. The interest rate swap is an agreement between the Company and counterparties to pay, in the future, a fixed-rate payment in exchange for the counterparties paying the Company a variable payment. The amount of the net payment obligation is based on the notional amount of the interest rate swap and the prevailing market interest rates. The Company may terminate the interest rate swaps prior to their expiration dates, at which point a realized gain or loss may be recognized, or may be amortized over the original life of the interest rate swap if the hedged debt remains outstanding. The value of the Company s commitment would increase or decrease based primarily on the extent to which interest rates move against the rate fixed for each swap. 
 No portion of the cash flow hedges were ineffective during the year ended December 31, 2022. There are no amounts that would be released from the Other comprehensive income in the next twelve months. 
 June 28, 2024 August 4, 2027 August 15, 2022 June 28, 2024 August 4, 2027 
 Derivative financial assets, current portion Current portion of interest swaps ) Derivative financial liability, current portion Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges: Non current portion of the interest rate swaps Derivative financial assets, non-current portion ) 
 
 Swaption Net periodic settlements - interest rate swaps ) ) Change in fair value of derivative instruments, net 
 F-40 

Swaption asset Balance, December 31, 2021: Interest rate swap liability ) ) 
 There were collateral balances with counterparties outstanding as of the period-end dates. 
 In December 2018, the Company signed an amendment that converted an existing PPA into a commodity swap contract to allow the Company flexibility to sell the capacity separately and schedule the sale of electricity to independent third parties. Following the amendment, the Company agreed to net settle the contract in cash on a monthly basis based on the difference between the contract price and market price. The contract has a default minimum of MWh per year. The commodity swap contract ended in September 2022 when the facility was shut down. 
 Additionally, the Company entered into an ISDA agreement with Mendocino Capital LLC NextEra ), a related party in November 2019. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company entered into swaps with contract prices ranging between and per MWh. The swaps expired in December 2022. Upon the expiry of these swaps, the Company entered into additional commodity swaps in October 2022 for a period of with contract prices ranging between and per MWh. The swaps are expected to be settled by physical delivery on a monthly basis. The Company elected the normal purchase normal sale exclusion and will not apply fair value accounting under ASC 815, Derivatives and hedging . The Company will continue to assess its normal purchase and normal sale election on a quarterly basis. 
 The Company entered into a new commodity swap with NextEra in November 2022 for a period of at a contract price of per MWh. 
 F-41 

October 17, 2022 January 1, 2023 December 31, 2024 November 17, 2022 January 1, 2023 December 31, 2024 December 31, 2021 December 14, 2018 January 1, 2019 September 30, 2022 October 28, 2021 November 1, 2021 December 31, 2022 December 27, 2021 January 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 ) Commodity swaps - unrealized gain (loss) Revenues - Renewable power ) ) Total realized and unrealized gain (loss) Revenues - Renewable power ) ) 

Derivative financial asset, current portion Current portion of unrealized loss on commodity swaps ) Derivative financial liability, current portion 
 
 Other derivative liabilities 
 On July 21, 2022, the Company recorded derivative liabilities for the outstanding Public Warrants and Private Warrants, put option to Meteora, the Sponsor Earnout Awards and the OPAL Earnout Awards. Please see Note 3. Business Combination for additional information. The change in fair value on these derivative instruments in recorded as change in fair value of derivative instruments, net in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 F-42 

Put option to Meteora Sponsor Earnout Awards OPAL Earnout Awards Public and Private Warrants ) Change in fair value of derivative instruments, net 
 The carrying value of the Company's long-term debt of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, represents the total amount to be repaid if the debt has to be discharged in full and therefore approximates its fair value. 
 
 F-43 

The Company estimated the fair value of its asset retirement obligations based on discount rates ranging from to . 
 The Company estimated the fair value of the Convertible Note Payable as of December 31, 2021 based on discount rates ranging from to . 
 The Company redeemed the outstanding Private and Public Warrants by issuing and shares of Class A common stock in exchange for the of the outstanding Warrants and recorded as fair value of shares of Class A common stock issued based on the weighted average closing share price of on December 22, 2022 and on December 23, 2022, respectively. The Company recorded as loss on exchange of warrants in its consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The fair value of the Sponsor Earnout Awards as of December 31, 2022 was determined using a Monte Carlo valuation model with a distribution of potential outcomes on a daily basis over the post-close period. Assumptions used in the valuation are as follows: 
 
 Current stock price The Company's closing stock price of as of December 31, 2022; 
 Expected volatility based on historical and implied volatilities of selected industry peers deemed to be comparable to our business corresponding to the expected term of the awards; 
 Risk-free interest rate based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of issuance for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities corresponding to the expected year term of the earnout period; 
 Dividend yield - . 
 
 The fair value of the OPAL Earnout Awards as of December 31, 2022 was determined using a Monte Carlo valuation model with a distribution of potential outcomes for stock price and EBITDA over the period commencing on January 1, 2023 and ending on December 31, 2024. 
 
 The change in fair value of the OPAL Earnout Awards for the year ended December 31, 2022 resulted in a gain of due to decrease in stock price and the EBITDA projections over the period. Assumptions used in the valuation are as follows: 
 
 Current stock price The Company's closing stock price of as of December 31, 2022; 
 Weighted average cost of capital - based on an average of historical volatilities of selected industry peers deemed to be comparable to our business. 
 F-44 

based on historical and implied volatilities of selected industry peers deemed to be comparable to our business corresponding to the expected term of the awards; 
 Risk-free interest rate based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of issuance for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities corresponding to the expected year term of the earnout period; 
 Dividend yield - . 
 
 The fair value of the Company's put option with Meteora as of December 31, 2022 was determined using a Monte Carlo valuation model with a distribution of potential outcomes on a daily basis over the month post-close period. Assumptions used in the valuation are as follows: 
 
 Current stock price The Company's closing stock price of as of December 31, 2022; 
 Expected volatility based on historical and implied volatilities of selected industry peers deemed to be comparable to our business corresponding to the expected term of the awards; 
 Risk-free interest rate based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of issuance for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities corresponding to the expected year term of the Forward Purchase Agreement; 
 Dividend yield - . 
 Convertible Note Payable (1) 
 Put option with Meteora Commodity swap contracts Earnout liabilities Assets: Short term investments Swaption Interest rate swaps 
 (1) The fair value of Convertible Note Payable as of December 31, 2022, represents the outstanding principal and paid-in-kind interest. Therefore it did not have any unobservable inputs which required the Company to develop its own assumptions. The methodology for calculating the fair value has changed as of December 31, 2022 as the prepayment penalty was cancelled upon consummation of Business Combination. Therefore, the Convertible Note Payable has been transferred from Level 3 to Level 2. 
 Fair value as of December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Liabilities: Asset retirement obligation Contingent consideration on acquisition of non-controlling interest (1) 
 Convertible Note Payable Interest rate swap Assets: Commodity swap contracts 
 F-45 

which was recorded as part of change in fair value of derivative instruments, net. 
 
 A summary of changes in the fair values of the Company s Level 3 instruments, attributable to asset retirement obligations, for the year ended December 31, 2022 is included in Note 2. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . 

11. 
 and , respectively. Additionally, the Company made distributions to Fortistar of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Sale of non-controlling interests to Related Parties 
 On November 29, 2021, as part of an exchange agreement, OPAL Fuels issued newly authorized common units and Series A-1 preferred units to Hillman in return for Hillman s non-controlling interest in RNG project subsidiaries for total consideration of . Upon the consummation of the Business Combination, the Series A-1 preferred units have been converted to Redeemable preferred non-controlling interests. The Company recorded paid-in-kind preferred dividend of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Please see Note 14. Redeemable Preferred Units and Equity, for additional information. 
 During 2021, the Company sold non-controlling interests to NextEra in RNG projects (Pine Bend, Noble Road, Emerald and Sapphire) subsidiaries for ownership interest. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received as contributions from the sale of such non-controlling interests in Emerald and Sapphire. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received as contributions from the sale of non-controlling interests. 
 Issuance of Redeemable preferred non-controlling interests 
 On November 29, 2021, NextEra subscribed for up to Series A preferred units, which are issuable (in whole or in increments) at the Company s discretion prior to June 30, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, Series A preferred units were issued. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had drawn and issued Series A preferred units. The Company recorded paid-in-kind preferred dividend of for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, Series A preferred units were issued. Please see Note 14. Redeemable non-controlling interests,Redeemable preferred non-controlling interests and Stockholders' Equity, for additional information. 
 Purchase and sale agreement for environmental attributes 
 On November 29, 2021, the Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement with NextEra for the environmental attributes generated by the RNG Fuels business. Under this agreement, the Company plans to sell a minimum of of the environmental attributes generated and will receive net proceeds based on the agreed upon price less a specified discount. A specified volume of environmental attributes sold per quarter will incur a fee per environmental attribute in addition to the specified discount. The agreement was effective beginning January 1, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company earned net revenues after discount and fees of under this contract which was recorded as part of Revenues - RNG fuel. Please see Note 2. Summary of significant accounting policies for additional information. 
 Commodity swap contracts under ISDA 
 F-46 

commodity swap contracts outstanding. The Company records the realized and unrealized gain (loss) on these commodity swap contracts as part of Revenues - Renewable Power. Please see Note 10. Derivative instruments and Fair value measurements for additional information. The Company recorded and as revenues earned under the commodity swap contracts. 
 Issuance of shares of Class A common stock for PIPE investment 
 In July 2022, the Company raised in cash net of transaction expenses of representing cash received from the closing of Business Combination and PIPE Investment. NextEra subscribed to the PIPE investment and was issued shares of Class A common stock at per share. Please see Note 3. Business Combination , for additional information. 
 Purchase of investments from Related Parties 
 In August 2021, the Company acquired a of the ownership interests in Reynolds, an RNG production facility for which was funded with cash on hand. Reynolds held an equity investment of Class B units in GREP representing interest for a cash consideration of which owns of Biotown, a power generation facility under development to convert to an RNG facility. The Reynolds transaction was an asset acquisition from an affiliate under common control. The Company accounts for its equity investment in GREP under the equity method. The Company recorded an income of and net loss of ) as its share of net income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Sales contracts with Related Parties 
 In June 2020, OPAL Fuel Station Services ("OFSS"), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, contracted with Beacon to dispense Beacon s RNG and to generate and market the resulting RINs created on behalf of Beacon. The term of this contract runs from September 1, 2020 through October 31, 2030. The Company receives non-cash consideration in the form of RINs or LCFSs for providing these services and recognizes the RINs or LCFSs received as inventory based on their estimated fair value at contract inception. During 2021, the Company acquired the remaining interests in Beacon. Therefore, all environmental fees earned are eliminated in the consolidated statements of operations effective May 1, 2021. The Company accounted for Beacon under equity method for the period between January 1, 2021 and April 30, 2021 prior to the acquisition of remaining interests. Therefore, all environmental fees earned after May 1, 2021 are eliminated in the consolidated statement of operations. For the period between January 1, 2021 and April 30, 2021, the company earned environmental processing fees of , net of intersegment elimination. 
 In August 2020, OFSS contracted with Sunoma to dispense RNG and to generate and market the resulting RINs created on behalf of the entity. Additionally, OFSS contracted with Pine Bend in December 2020 and Noble Road in March 2021 to provide the same services. 
 
 The term of this contract runs for a term of years. The Company receives non-cash consideration in the form of RINs or LCFSs for providing these services and recognizes the RINs or LCFSs received as inventory based on their estimated fair value at contract inception. The Pine Bend and Noble road came online in the first and third quarter of 2022. Sunoma came online in the fourth quarter For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company earned environmental processing fees of , net of intersegment elimination, under this agreement which are included in Fuel Station Services revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company earned , net of intersegment elimination under this agreement. 
 F-47 

per year adjusted annually for inflation. Additionally, the agreement provides for the Company to receive credits for any services provided by the Company's employees to Fortistar. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there have been no material services provided by the Company's employees to Fortistar. 
 In June 2021, the company entered into a management services agreement with Costar Partners LLC Costar ), an affiliate of Fortistar. Pursuant to the agreement, Costar provides information technology IT support services, software use, licensing services, management of third party infrastructure and security services and additional IT services as needed by the Company. The agreement provides for Costar to be compensated based on actual costs incurred and licensing fees per user for certain software applications. The agreement expires in June 2024 unless the termination occurs earlier due to dissolution of the Company or it is terminated by the Company s secured lenders in certain circumstances. 
 incurred as transaction costs for the Business Combination recorded in additional paid-in capital and recorded as Deferred financing costs as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Staffing,management services and office costs (1) 
 IT services Guarantee fees Environmental processing fees Total 
 
 (1) Includes reimbursement of and for the use of office space for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had Accounts receivable, related party of and , respectively. 
 
 12. 
 operating segments based on the characteristics of its renewable power generation, dispensing portfolio, and the nature of other products and services. During the second quarter of 2022, the Company changed its' internal reporting to its executive leadership team ("Chief Operating Decision Makers"). We aligned our reportable segments disclosure to align with the information and internal reporting that is provided to our Chief Operating Decision Makers. Therefore, the Company reassessed its reportable segments and revised all the prior periods to make the segment disclosures comparable. 
 RNG Fuel. The RNG Fuel segment relates to all RNG supply and dispensing activities directly related to the generation and sale of brown gas and environmental credits, and consists of 
 Development and construction RNG facilities in which long term gas right contracts have been, or are in the process of being ratified and the construction of RNG generation facilities. 
 RNG supply operating facilities This includes the generation, extraction, and sale of RNG - plus associated RINs and LCFSs from landfills. 
 RNG and CNG fuel dispensing stations for vehicle fleets - This includes both dispensing/sale of brown gas and the environmental credit generation and monetization. The Company operates Fueling 
 F-48 

operating segments meets the characteristics of a reportable segment under U.S. GAAP. The Company's activities and assets that are not associated with the reportable segments are summarized in the "Other" category below. These include corporate investment income, interest income and interest expense, income tax expense, and other non-allocated costs. 
 RNG Fuel Fuel Station Services Other (1) 
 Intersegment ) ) Equity Method Investment(s) ) ) 
 ____________ 
 (1) Other includes revenues of Fortistar Contracting LLC. 
 F-49 

) RNG Fuel ) Corporate ) ) ) ) 
 ____________ 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Depreciation, Amortization, and Accretion: Renewable Power RNG Fuel Fuel Station Services Other (1) 
 Equity Method Investment(s) ) ) 
 (1) Other includes amortization of intangible assets and depreciation expense not allocated to any segment.) ) RNG Fuel Fuel Station Services Corporate ) ) Equity Method Investment(s) 
 
 Fuel Station Services (1) 
 RNG Fuel 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-50 

RNG Fuel Fuel Station Services Corporate and other Equity Method Investment(s) 
 
 Geographic Information: The Company's assets and revenue generating activities are domiciled in the United States. 

13. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company held equity interests in VIEs Sunoma, GREP, Emerald, Sapphire, and Central Valley. GREP has been presented as an equity method investment and the remaining VIEs Sunoma, Emerald, Sapphire, and Central Valley are consolidated by the Company. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company determined that it will no longer be liable to pay , which was previously recorded as part of other liabilities - long term, to a non-controlling interest in one of our VIEs as the applicable criteria for payment are no longer met. Therefore, the Company reversed the liability on its consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and recorded as change in fair value of derivative instruments,net in its consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 In 2020, the Company acquired a variable interest in Sunoma in a joint venture with a third-party who does not have any equity at risk but participates in proportionate share of income or losses, which may be significant. Additionally, the assets in Sunoma are collateralized under the Sunoma loan, the proceeds of which are used for partial financing of the construction of the Sunoma facility. Therefore, the significant assets and liabilities of Sunoma are parenthesized in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 The Company determined that each of these entities are VIEs and in its capacity as a managing member except for Emerald and Sapphire, the Company is the primary beneficiary. The Company is deemed as a primary beneficiary based on two conditions: 
 The Company, as a managing member, has the power to order the activities that significantly impact the economic performance of the entities including establishment of strategic, operating, and capital decisions for each of these entities; and 
 F-51 

members appointed by the Company and the joint venture partner. The board of managers has sole power and authority to conduct, direct and exercise control over the joint venture's activities except with respect to certain terms under certain operating agreements. The Company determined that it is the primary beneficiary as a result of its economic exposure and incremental power to direct certain key economic activities of the joint venture and therefore consolidated the VIEs in its consolidated financial statements. 
 Our variable interests in each of our VIEs arise primarily from our ownership of membership interests, construction commitments, our provision of operating and maintenance services, and our provision of environmental credit processing services to VIEs. 
 The following table summarizes the major consolidated balance sheet items for consolidated VIEs as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The information below is presented on an aggregate basis based on similar risk and reward characteristics and the nature of our involvement with the VIEs, such as: 
 All of the VIEs are RNG facilities and they are reported under the RNG Fuel Supply segment; 
 The nature of our interest in these entities is primarily equity based and therefore carry similar risk and reward characteristics; 
 
 F-52 

Accounts receivable, net Restricted cash - current Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Restricted cash, non-current Total assets Liabilities and equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accounts payable, related party Accrued expenses Accrued capital expenses Sunoma Loan- current portion Total current liabilities Sunoma loan, net of debt issuance costs Total liabilities Equity Stockholders' equity Non-redeemable non-controlling interests (1) 
 Total equity Total Liabilities and Equity 
 as prepayment of its share of equity contribution in a joint venture to meet the equity requirements. As of December 31, 2022, of the payment has been reflected as part of non-redeemable non-controlling interest in the consolidated statement of changes in Redeemable non-controlling interests, redeemable preferred non-controlling interests and stockholders' equity. 

14. 
 
 shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, (ii) shares of New OPAL Class D common stock issued and outstanding, (iii) shares of Class B common stock, par value per share, of Class B common stock issued and outstanding Shares of Class B common stock do not have any economic value except voting rights as described below) and (iv) shares of Class C 
 F-53 

per share, Class C common stock issued and outstanding (shares of Class D common stock do not have any economic value except voting rights as described below) 
 
 As part of the Business Combination, of Class A common stock and Additional paid-in capital was recorded, net of transaction costs of . Please see Note 3. Business Combination for additional information . 
 
 On November 18, 2022, the Company announced the commencement of an exchange offer (the Offer and consent solicitation relating to its outstanding (i) public warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock of the Company, par value per share which warrants trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol OPALW (the Public Warrants ), and (ii) private placement warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock (the Private Placement Warrants and together with the public warrants, the Warrants ). The Company offered all holders of the Warrants the opportunity to receive shares of Class A common stock in exchange for each outstanding Warrant tendered by the holder and exchanged pursuant to the Offer. Concurrently with the Offer, the Company solicited consents from holders of the Warrants to amend the warrant agreement that governs all of the warrants (the Warrant Agreement to permit the Company to require that each warrant that is outstanding upon the closing of the Offer be exchanged for shares of Class A common stock, which is a ratio less than the exchange ratio applicable to the Offer (the Warrant Amendment ). 
 
 On December 22, 2022, the Company completed the exchange offer and issued shares of Class A common stock in exchange for the warrants tendered in the Offer. Pursuant to the Warrant Amendment dated December 21, 2022, the Company exercised its right to exchange the Warrants remaining outstanding at the closing of the Offer for shares of Class A common stock per Warrant (the Post-Offer Exchange and issued shares of Class A common stock on December 23, 2022. Following the completion of the Offer and the Post-Offer Exchange the Public Warrants were suspended from trading on the Nasdaq and delisted. There are longer any Warrants outstanding. The Company recorded as loss on exchange of Warrants. 
 
 Class A common stock 
 
 Voting Rights. Each holder of Class A common stock is entitled to vote for each share of Class A common stock held of record by such holder on all matters on which stockholders generally are entitled to vote. Further, the holders of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock are entitled to vote separately upon any amendment to the Company's Certificate of Incorporation (the "Charter") (including by merger, consolidation, reorganization or similar event) that would alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of such series of common stock in a manner that is disproportionately adverse as compared to the Class B common stock, the Class C common stock and the Class D common stock. 
 
 Dividends. Dividends and other distributions of cash, stock or property may be declared and paid on the shares of Class A common stock and the shares of Class C common stock out of the assets of the Company that are by law available therefor, at the times and in the amounts as our board in its discretion may determine. 
 
 Liquidation rights. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the affairs of the Company, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities and of the preferential and other amounts to which the holders of preferred stock are entitled, if any, the holders of all outstanding shares of Class A common stock and Class C common stock will be entitled to receive, pari passu, an amount per share equal to the par value thereof, and thereafter the holders of all outstanding shares of Class A common stock and Class C common stock will be entitled to receive the remaining assets of the Company available for distribution ratably in proportion to the number of shares of Class A common stock and Class C common stock, which shall be treated as a single class. 
 
 Class B common stock 
 
 Shares of Class B common stock may, together with the corresponding Class B Units, be exchanged for shares of Class A common stock. 
 
 Voting Rights. Each holder of Class B common stock will be entitled to vote for each share of Class B common stock held of record by such holder on all matters on which stockholders generally are entitled to vote. Further, the holders of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock will be entitled to vote separately on any amendment to the Charter (including by merger, consolidation, reorganization or similar event) that would alter or change the powers, preferences or special 
 F-54 

share of Class A common stock at the option of the holder thereof, at any time upon written notice to OPAL; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any such holder of shares of Class C common stock may in such written notice to OPAL specify that such conversion into shares of Class A common stock shall be contingent upon the consummation of one or more sale or other transfer transactions. 
 
 Automatic Conversion. Each share of Class C common stock shall automatically, without any further action, convert into one share of Class A common stock upon a transfer, other than a Transfer to a qualified stockholder (as defined in the Charter). 
 
 Voting Rights. Each holder of Class C common stock will be entitled to votes for each share of Class C common stock held of record by such holder on all matters on which stockholders generally are entitled to vote. Further, the holders of the outstanding shares of Class C common stock will be entitled to vote separately upon any amendment to the Charter (including by merger, consolidation, reorganization or similar event) that would alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of such series of common stock in a manner that is disproportionately adverse as compared to the Class A common stock, the Class B common stock and the Class D common stock. 
 
 Dividends . Dividends and other distributions of cash, stock or property may be declared and paid on the shares of Class A common stock and the shares of Class C common stock out of the assets of the Company that are by law available therefor, at the times and in the amounts as our board in its discretion may determine. 
 
 Liquidation rights. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the affairs of the Company, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities and of the preferential and other amounts to which the holders of preferred stock are entitled, if any, the holders of all outstanding shares of Class A common stock and Class C common stock will be entitled to receive, pari passu, an amount per share equal to the par value thereof, and thereafter the holders of all outstanding shares of Class A common stock and Class C common stock will be entitled to receive the remaining assets of the Company available for distribution ratably in proportion to the number of shares of Class A common stock and Class C common stock, which shall be treated as a single class. 
 
 Class D common stock 
 
 Shares of Class D common stock may be converted into shares of Class B common stock pursuant to the Charter. Further, shares of Class D common stock, together with the corresponding Class B Units may be exchanged for shares of Class C common stock or converted into shares of Class A common stock as further discussed below. 
 
 Voluntary Conversion . Each share of Class D common stock shall be convertible into share of Class B common stock at the option of the holder thereof at any time upon written notice to the Company; 
 
 Automatic Conversion . Each share of Class D common stock shall automatically, without any further action, convert into share of Class B common stock upon a transfer, other than a transfer to a qualified stockholder. 
 F-55 

votes for each share of Class D common stock held of record by such holder on all matters on which stockholders generally are entitled to vote. Further, the holders of the outstanding shares of Class D common stock will be entitled to vote separately upon any amendment to the Charter (including by merger, consolidation, reorganization or similar event) that would alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of such series of common stock in a manner that is disproportionately adverse as compared to the Class A common stock, the Class B common stock and the Class C common stock. 
 
 Dividends. Dividends of cash or property may not be declared or paid on shares of Class D common stock. 
 
 Liquidation rights. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the affairs of the Company, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities and of the preferential and other amounts to which the holders of preferred stock are entitled, if any, the holders of shares of Class D common stock will not be entitled to receive, with respect to such shares, any assets of the Company in excess of the par value thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the holders of Class D common stock will have the right to exchange their shares of Class B common stock, together with the corresponding Class B Units constituting the remainder of any paired interests (as defined in the Charter) in which such shares are included, for shares of Class C common stock or for the consideration payable in respect of shares of Class C common stock in such voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. 
 
 Redeemable preferred non-controlling interests 
 
 On November 29, 2021, as part of an exchange agreement Hillman exchange ), the Company issued Series A-1 preferred units to Hillman in return for Hillman s non-controlling interest in RNG project subsidiaries. 
 
 On November 29, 2021, NextEra subscribed for up to Series A preferred units, which are issuable (in whole or in increments) at the Company s discretion prior to June 30, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, Series A preferred units were issued. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had drawn and issued Series A preferred units. 
 
 Upon completion of Business Combination, the Company assumed Series A-1 preferred units and Series A preferred units which were issued and outstanding by OPAL Fuels. The Company recorded the Series A-1 preferred units and Series A preferred units as Redeemable preferred non-controlling interests. The Company incurred issuance costs of in third-party legal fees in the fourth quarter of 2021, which was presented as Deferred financing costs in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. The Company has elected to adjust the carrying value of the preferred units to the redemption value at the end of each reporting period by immediately amortizing the issuance costs in the first reporting period after issuance of the preferred units. Therefore, the Company amortized the to Retained earnings component of Members' equity as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Series A units issued by OPAL Fuels Paid-in-kind dividends attributable to OPAL Fuels Paid-in kind dividends attributable to Class A common stockholders Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 Terms of Redeemable preferred units 
 
 The Series A and Series A-1 preferred units (together the Preferred Units have substantially the same terms and features which are listed below: 
 F-56 

per annum. Dividends begin accruing for each unit from the date of issuance and are payable each quarter end regardless of whether they are declared. The dividends are mandatory and cumulative. The Company is allowed to elect to issue additional Preferred Units paid-in-kind) in lieu of cash for the first dividend payment dates. The Company elected to pay the dividends to be paid-in-kind for all periods presented. In the occurrence of certain events of default, the annual dividend rate increases to . Additionally, the dividend rate increases by for each unrelated uncured event of default up to a maximum of . 
 
 Liquidation preference: In the event of liquidation of the Company, each holder of a unit of Series A and Series A-1 is entitled to be paid on pro-rata basis the original issue price of per unit plus any accrued and unpaid dividends out of the assets of the Company available for distribution after payment of the Company s debt and liabilities and liquidation expenses. 
 
 Redemption: At any time after issuance, the Company may redeem the Redeemable preferred units for a price equal to original issue price of per unit plus any accrued and unpaid dividends. Holders of the Preferred Units may redeem for an amount equal to original issue price of per unit plus any accrued and unpaid dividends upon (i) occurrence of certain change in control event (ii) at the end of from the date of issuance, except the Preferred Units issued to Hillman can only be redeemed days after the fourth year anniversary of the first issuance of Preferred Units to NextEra. The maturity date is determined to be the date at which the holder s redemption option becomes exercisable as this is the date in which both the Company and the holder may redeem the preferred units. The maturity date could be as early as November 29, 2025 but no later than June 30, 2026, depending on when the Series A units to NextEra are issued as previously detailed herein. 
 
 Conversion: Holder s may elect to convert Preferred Units into common units in the limited chance that the Company fails to redeem the Preferred Units under an optional redemption, the annual dividend rate increases to and is further increased to after one year, and thereafter by every 90 days up to a cap of . The Company must also redeem all NextEra Series A preferred units on which the redemption option has been exercised prior to redeeming any Hillman Series A-1 preferred units. If elected, the holder may convert all or a portion of its Preferred Units into a number of common units equal to: (i) number of Preferred Units, multiplied by, (ii) plus accrued and unpaid cash dividends, divided by, (iii) conversion price. The conversion price is equal to the value of the Company s common units determined as follows, and reduced by a discount if conversion occurs during the first year of delayed redemption, a discount during the 2nd year, and a discount thereafter: 
 
 1. Using volume-weighted average price VWAP of the Company's common shares. 
 
 2. Otherwise the estimated proceeds to be received by the holder of a common unit if the net assets of the Company were sold at fair market value and distributed. 
 
 Redeemable non-controlling interests 
 
 Upon consummation of Business Combination, OPAL Fuels and its members caused the existing limited liability company agreement to be amended and restated and in connection therewith, all of the common units of OPAL Fuels LLC issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing were re-classified into Class B Units ("OPAL Class B Units"). Each Class B Unit is paired with 1 non-economic share of Class D common stock issued by the Company. Each pair of Class B Unit and 1 share of Class D common stock is exchangeable to either 1 share of Class A common stock or 1 share of Class C common stock at the holder's option. Upon an exchange for Class A common stock, the Company has the option to redeem shares for cash at their market value. 
 
 Redeemable non-controlling interests have been presented as mezzanine equity in the consolidated statements of change in Redeemable non-controlling interests, Redeemable preferred non-controlling interests and stockholders' 
 F-57 

to adjust the carrying value to their redemption value based on a 5 day VWAP of per share. 
 
 15. 
 OPAL Fuels Class B units representing Redeemable non-controlling interest as its impact is anti-dilutive. It does not include Sponsor Earnout Awards and OPAL Earnout Awards as their target share price and adjusted EBITDA contingencies have not been met as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Class D common stock does not participate in the earnings or losses of the Company and are therefore not participating securities. As such, separate presentation of basic and diluted earnings per share of Class D common stock under the two-class method has not been presented. 
 Less: change in fair value of the put option on the forward purchase agreement Diluted Net loss attributable to Class A common stockholders Weighted average number of shares of Class A common stock - basic Effect of dilutive Restricted Stock Units Effect of the dilutive put option on a forward purchase agreement Weighted average number of shares of Class A common stock - diluted Net loss per share of Class A common stock Basic Diluted , 

16. 
 
 F-58 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized federal and state income tax expense of and , respectively. 
 The effective tax rate was for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 State income taxes, net of federal Earnings attributable to non-controlling interest ) Change in valuation allowance ) Total tax expense 
 163j interest limitation Federal NOL carryforward State NOL carryforward Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred income tax asset or liability 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company is in a net deferred tax asset position. Based on all available positive and negative evidence, including projections of future taxable income, the Company believes it is more likely than not that the 
 F-59 

. However, the primary driver of the cumulative income position as of December 31, 2022, is the income statement impact of the mark-to-market earnout liability. The Company notes that mark-to-market MTM adjustments are volatile and can fluctuate over time. As a result, management has determined that due to the fluctuation of this MTM adjustment and the near breakeven nature of the three-year cumulative income, the Company does not have sufficient positive evidence to release the valuation allowance. Should future results of operations demonstrate a trend of profitability, additional weight may be placed upon other evidence, such as forecasts of future taxable income. Additionally, future events and new evidence, such as the integration and realization of profit from recently acquired assets, could lead to increased weight being placed upon future forecasts and the conclusion that some or all of the deferred tax assets are more likely than not to be realizable. Therefore, the Company believes that there is a possibility that some or all of the valuation allowance could be released in the foreseeable future. 
 
 For example, assuming no material changes in the relevant tax law, we expect that if we experienced a change of control the estimated Tax Receivable Agreement lump-sum payment would range from approximately million depending on OPAL Fuels rate of recovery of the tax basis increases associated with the deemed exchange of the OPAL Fuels Common Units (other than those held by us). This estimated Tax Receivable Agreement lump-sum payment is calculated using a discount rate equal to , applied against an undiscounted liability of approximately million. These amounts are estimates and have been prepared for informational purposes only. The actual amount of deferred tax assets and related liabilities that we will recognize will differ based on, among other things, the timing of the exchanges, the price of the shares of Class A common stock at the time of the exchange, and the tax rates then in effect. 
 
 17. 

F-60 

shares of Class A common stock that can be issued under this Plan. 
 On October 4, 2022, the Company granted restricted stock units for certain eligible employees and board of directors under the 2022 Plan. The aggregate fair value of the grant was based on the closing share price of on October 3, 2022. The shares will vest in full on October 3, 2023. The amortization of the above grants for the year ended December 31, 2022 is which is included in the selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Issued during 2022 vesting on October 3, 2023 
 Forfeitures during 2022 ) ) Unvested restricted stock units outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Parent Equity Awards 
 During the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, Fortistar granted certain equity-based awards to certain employees of the Company in the form of residual equity interests Profit Interests in wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company. The Profit Interests do not have voting rights and shall participate in the income distributions when the subsidiaries achieve certain financial targets. These Profits Interests were restructured in December 2020, at which time they became based on a portion of Fortistar's indirect ownership in the Company, rather than in Fortistar's ownership interest in Company subsidiaries. The percentage of Profit Interests issued in the investment entities that were established to grant the incentive units ranged between - in the wholly-owned subsidiaries. These Profit Interests vest ratably over a period of from the grant date. 
 There were new residual equity interest grants during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, of the Profit Interests issued vested and there were of Profit Interests unvested. There were forfeitures during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, of the Profit Interests issued vested and there were of Profit Interests unvested. 

F-61 

Parent Equity Awards 

The future compensation to be recognized for the stock awards under 2022 Plan for the year ending December 31, 2023 is estimated to be . 
 
 The future compensation to be recognized for the Parent Equity Awards as of December 31, 2022 is and will be recognized the remaining vesting period which ranges from one to . 

18. 
 standby letters of credit totaling and , respectively, to support obligations of certain Company subsidiaries. These letters of credit were issued in favor of a lender, utilities, a governmental agency, and an independent system operator under PPA electrical interconnection agreements, and in place of a debt service reserve. There have been draws to date on these letters of credit. 
 Purchase Options 
 The Company has contracts with customers to provide CNG for periods of seven and , respectively. The customers have an option to terminate the contracts and purchase the Company's CNG Fueling Station at the customers' sites for a fixed amount that declines annually. 
 In July 2015, the Company entered into a fuel sales agreement with a customer that included the construction of a CNG Fueling Station owned and managed by the Company on the customer's premises. At the end of the contract term, the customer has an option to purchase the CNG Fueling Station for a fixed amount. The cost of the CNG Fueling Station was recorded to Property, plant, and equipment and is being depreciated over the contract term. 
 Legal Matters 
 The Company is involved in various claims arising in the normal course of business. Management believes that the outcome of these claims will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 19. 
 shares to the Company. of the funds held in escrow which were previously recorded as part of Restricted Cash - current on its consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 were released to Meteora excluding interest accrued. In connection with the above, the Sponsor forfeited shares of Class A common stock on January 26, 2023 pursuant to the terms of certain letter agreement dated July 21, 2022. 
 On March 20, 2023, the Company repaid in full, the outstanding principal balance of the term loan as well as the revolver facility of under the Senior Secured Credit Facility. 
 million available under OPAL Term Loan I. 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 opal-shortxtermincentivepl.htm
 EX-4.4

Document 

OPAL FUELS INC. 
 SHORT-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 ARTICLE 1 PLAN OBJECTIVES 
 
 Section 1.1 Purpose . The purpose of the Plan is to achieve the following objectives (i) recognize outstanding performers who have contributed significantly to the Company s success and to the success of such performers respective business units, (ii) align corporate goals and strategy to executive compensation strategy, and (iii) provide a compensation environment which will attract, retain and motivate key employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates. 
 
 ARTICLE 2 PLAN DURATION 
 
 Section 2.1 Term . The Plan shall be effective as of the Plan Year commencing on the Effective Date and shall continue for subsequent Plan Years unless terminated by the Committee prior to the commencement of any subsequent Plan Year. A termination of the Plan shall be effective as of the last date of the full Plan Year prior to its termination. 
 
 ARTICLE 3 DEFINITIONS 
 
 The following definitions shall apply for purposes of the Plan unless a different meaning is clearly indicated by the context 
 
 Section 3.1 Affiliate means any company or other entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company within the meaning of Rule 405 of Regulation C under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including any Subsidiary. 
 
 Section 3.2 Award means an award that is (a) described in section 5.1, and (b) calculated under section 7.1. 
 
 Section 3.3 Award Agreement means any written agreement, contract, or other instrument or document evidencing an Award. 
 
 Section 3.4 Base Salary means, for any Participant for a Plan Year, such Participant s annual rate of base salary as of December 31 of the Plan Year (or, if earlier, the date of Participant s termination in such Plan Year). 
 
 Section 3.5 Beneficial Owner (or any variant thereof) has the meaning defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Section 3.6 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 Section 3.7 Change in Control means the first to occur of any of the following events 
 
 (a) any Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including in the securities Beneficially Owned by such Person which were acquired directly from the Company or any Affiliate thereof) representing greater than fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities, excluding any Person who becomes such a Beneficial Owner in connection with a transaction described in clause (i) of paragraph (c) below or 
 (b) the date on which the individuals who constitute the Board as of the Effective Date and any new director (other than a director whose initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election contest, including, but not limited to, a consent solicitation, relating to the election of directors of the Company) whose appointment or election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved or recommended by a vote of at least two-thirds (2 3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors on the Effective Date or whose appointment, election or nomination for election was previously so approved or recommended cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the number of directors serving on the Board or 
 (c) there is consummated a merger or consolidation of the Company or any direct or indirect subsidiary with any other corporation or other entity, other than (i) a merger or consolidation (A) which results in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to represent (either by 
 SMRH 4887-3548-4749.3 -1- 
 030223 77SX-341285 

remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or any parent thereof), in combination with the ownership of any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any subsidiary, fifty percent (50 or more of the combined voting power of the securities of the Company or such surviving entity or any parent thereof outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation and (B) following which the individuals who comprise the Board immediately prior thereto constitute at least a majority of the board of directors of the Company, the entity surviving such merger or consolidation or, if the Company or the entity surviving such merger or consolidation is then a Subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof, or (ii) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including in the securities Beneficially Owned by such Person any securities acquired directly from the Company or its affiliates) representing more than fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities or 
 (d) the stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or there is consummated an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, other than (A) a sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets to an entity, more than fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by stockholders of the Company following the completion of such transaction in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company immediately prior to such sale or (B) a sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets immediately following which the individuals who comprise the Board immediately prior thereto constitute at least a majority of the board of directors of the entity to which such assets are sold or disposed or, if such entity is a subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) a Change in Control shall not be deemed to have occurred by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the holders of common stock immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have substantially the same proportionate ownership in an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of the Company immediately following such transaction or series of transactions and (ii) to the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and or tax penalties under Code Section 409A, a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred under the Plan with respect to any Award that constitutes deferred compensation under Code Section 409A only if a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company shall also be deemed to have occurred under Code Section 409A. For purposes of this definition of Change in Control, the term Person shall not include (i) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, (ii) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, or (iv) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company. 
 
 Section 3.8 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including the corresponding provisions of any succeeding law. 
 
 Section 3.9 Company means OPAL FUELS INC., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, and any successor thereto. Where the context requires, Company shall also include all direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company. 
 
 Section 3.10 Corporate Performance Objectives means for any Plan Year one or more individual, divisional and or corporate performance objectives selected and established by the Committee in accordance with the requirements of Article VI. 
 
 Section 3.11 Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Company, or if no such committee exists, the Board. 
 
 Section 3.12 Disability has the meaning assigned to such term in any individual service, employment or severance agreement or Award Agreement with the Participant or, if no such agreement exists or if such agreement does not define Disability, then Disability means that a Participant, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, (i) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to 
 SMRH 4887-3548-4749.3 -2- 
 030223 77SX-341285 

result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, or (ii) is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company or an Affiliate thereof. 
 
 Section 3.13 Discharge for Cause means termination of employment of a Participant due to (a) the conviction, guilty plea or plea of no contest by the Participant to any felony or a crime involving moral turpitude or the Participant s commission of any other act or omission involving dishonesty or fraud (b) the substantial and repeated failure of the Participant to perform duties of the office held by the Participant (c) the Participant s gross negligence, willful misconduct or breach of fiduciary duty with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (d) any breach by Participant of any restrictive covenants to which the Participant is subject and or (e) the Participant s engagement in any conduct which is reasonably expected to be materially detrimental or injurious to the business or reputation of the Company or its Affiliates. Any voluntary termination of employment by a Participant in anticipation of an involuntary termination of the Participant s employment for Cause shall be deemed to be a termination for Cause. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Participant who is a party to an employment agreement or offer letter with the Company or any of its Affiliates or an offer letter with the Company or any of its Affiliates which contains a definition of cause or a substantially similar term, Discharge for Cause shall mean a termination for cause as defined in such an agreement. 
 
 Section 3.14 Effective Date means January 1, 2023. 
 
 Section 3.15 Employee means any individual employed by the Company or an Affiliate as an employee, but does not mean an individual who renders service solely as a director or independent contractor. 
 
 Section 3.16 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
 
 Section 3.17 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 Section 3.18 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles, as amended from time to time and applied in preparing the financial statements of the Company. 
 
 Section 3.19 Good Reason has the meaning assigned to such term in any individual service, employment or severance agreement or Award Agreement with the Participant or, if no such agreement exists or if such agreement does not define Good Reason, Good Reason and any provision of this Plan that refers to Good Reason shall not be applicable to Participant. 
 
 Section 3.20 Participant means an Employee who is selected by the Committee as eligible to participate in the Plan for a Plan Year. 
 
 Section 3.21 Person shall have the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof. 
 
 Section 3.22 Plan means the Opal Fuels Inc. Short-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and in effect from time to time. 
 
 Section 3.23 Plan Year means the calendar year. 

Section 3.24 Subsidiary means any corporation (other than the Company) or non-corporate entity with respect to which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, 50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock, membership interests or other ownership interests of any class or kind ordinarily having the power to vote for the directors, managers or other voting members of the governing body of such corporation or non-corporate entity. In addition, any other entity may be designated by the Committee as a Subsidiary, provided that such entity could be considered as a subsidiary according to GAAP. 
 
 Section 3.25 Taxable Year means the taxable year of the Company for federal income tax purposes. 
 
 SMRH 4887-3548-4749.3 -3- 
 030223 77SX-341285 

ARTICLE 4 ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION TERMINATION OF PARTICIPATION REPAYMENT 
 
 Section 4.1 Eligibility . The Committee shall annually select the individual Employees, if any, eligible for participation in the Plan, who shall be employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates. Unless otherwise specifically provided in this Article 4 or in the Award Agreement, Participant must be employed in good standing on the payment date of applicable Award for any Plan Year to be eligible to receive payment hereunder with respect to such Award for such Plan Year. 
 
 Section 4.2 Participation . An Employee who holds or assumes an eligible position shall be a Participant for a Plan Year only if selected by the Committee to participate in the Plan for the Plan Year. 
 
 Section 4.3 Termination of Employment - Change in Control . Unless otherwise provided in the Plan, in the specific terms of an Award Agreement, or in the provisions of a written employment or change in control retention agreement between the Company and the Participant, a Participant who terminates employment with the Company in connection with and or within 24 months following the effective date of a Change in Control shall be eligible for a prorated Award for the Plan Year in which the Change in Control occurs, and for the full amount of such Award if such termination occurs after such Plan Year but before payment otherwise is due with respect thereto, provided that his her termination was not (i) a Discharge for Cause or (ii) voluntary without Good Reason. If a prorated Award is paid out under this section 4.3, the amount of such Award shall be calculated and paid after the end of the Plan Year at the same time as other Awards for that Plan Year are paid, provided that, if such termination occurs after the Change in Control, in no event shall the amount of such Award prior to proration be less than the amount paid to such Participant under the Plan for the preceding Plan Year. 
 
 Section 4.4 Other Terminations . Unless otherwise provided in the specific terms of an Award Agreement, or in the provisions of a written employment or change in control retention agreement between the Company and the Participant, the Committee shall have the authority to determine whether a Participant who ceases employment prior to the end of a Plan Year, whether by reason of Death, Disability or otherwise, is eligible to receive a prorated Award for that Plan Year. In the event that the Committee determines that a Participant who otherwise ceases employment prior to the end of a Plan Year is eligible to receive a prorated Award for that Plan Year, the amount of such Award shall be calculated and paid after the end of the Plan Year at the same time as other Awards for that Plan Year are paid. 
 
 Section 4.5 Prorated Awards . Prorated Awards shall be calculated by dividing the applicable annual Award by twelve (12) and multiplying the result by the number of months of the Participant s service during the Plan Year, rounded up the next highest whole month if the Participant continued to provide services on the 15 th (14 th , in the case of February) day of the month of termination. 
 
 Section 4.6 Repayment . Any Award granted pursuant to the Plan or payment with respect thereto shall be subject to the Company s Clawback Policy. 
 
 ARTICLE 5 AWARD OPPORTUNITY 
 
 Section 5.1 Target Awards . For each Plan Year, the Committee shall establish a target Award opportunity for each Participant. The target Award opportunity for each Plan Year shall be a percentage of the Participant s Base Salary for the Plan Year or a specific dollar amount that may be earned upon the achievement of prescribed performance objectives. 

SMRH 4887-3548-4749.3 -4- 
 030223 77SX-341285 

ARTICLE 6 ESTABLISHMENT OF PERFORMANCE OBJECTIVES 
 
 Section 6.1 Corporate Performance Objectives . 
 
 Not later than a date which is within the first ninety (90) days of each Plan Year, the Committee shall establish one or more specific Corporate Performance Objectives for such Plan Year, including target levels and, if deemed appropriate by the Committee, one or more threshold, above target or other enhanced or reduced achievement levels associated with each Corporate Performance Objective. If the Committee adds a Participant to the Plan for a Plan Year after initially establishing the award opportunities and Corporate Performance Objectives for the Plan Year, the Committee shall determine whether to establish Corporate Performance Objectives applicable to the new Participant or provide that the new Participant be eligible to participate on a pro-rata basis. 
 
 The Corporate Performance Objectives may be expressed on an absolute and or relative basis, or a before- or after-tax basis, or a consolidated or business-unit basis, may be based on or otherwise employ comparisons based on internal targets, the past performance of the Company and or the past or current performance of other companies and may include or exclude any or all extraordinary, non-core, non-operating or non-recurring items, or such other items as the Committee may determine. 

Section 6.2 Award Matrix, Formula or Methodology . The Committee shall assign a percentage weight to each Corporate Performance Objective established by the Committee for each Plan Year. The weight assigned to any Corporate Performance Objectives which are not established in any Plan Year shall be zero, and the aggregate weight assigned to all Corporate Performance Objectives established by the Committee for any Plan Year shall equal one hundred percent (100 ). The Committee may assign different weightings to Corporate Performance Objectives for each Participant or for classes of Participants. The Committee shall establish a matrix, formula or other methodology which shall set forth or otherwise define the relationship between the Corporate Performance Objectives, the target and other applicable performance levels with respect thereto, the weighting of such Corporate Performance Objectives, if any, and the corresponding award opportunity for each Participant. 
 
 Section 6.3 Adjustments . Under normal business conditions, once established for a Plan Year as provided herein, Corporate Performance Objectives shall not be subject to revision or alteration. However, unusual conditions may warrant a reexamination of such criteria. Such conditions may include, but not be limited to, a Change in Control, declaration and distribution of stock dividends or stock splits, mergers, consolidation or reorganizations, acquisitions or dispositions of material business units, pandemics or other unforeseeable Acts of God, or infrequently occurring or extraordinary gains or losses. In the event the Committee determines that, upon reexamination, alteration of the Corporate Performance Objectives is appropriate, the Committee shall reestablish the Corporate Performance Objectives to maintain as closely as possible the previously established expected level of overall performance of the Participants, taken as a whole, as is practicable. Such other equitable adjustments shall be made to the Corporate Performance Objectives, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
 
 Section 6.4 Other Discretionary Adjustments . The Committee may, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine to adjust (whether increase or decrease) the amount of an Award computed by applying the award matrix, formula or methodology contemplated by Section 6.2 for any or all Participants if it determines that prevailing circumstances (including, but not limited to, the subjective appraisal of the Participant s performance for the Plan Year) so warrant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such adjustments may be made with respect to any Plan Year in which a Change in Control occurs or any Plan Year prior thereto, if such adjustments would have a materially negative effect on a Participant. 
 
 ARTICLE 7 DETERMINATION AND PAYMENT OF AWARDS 
 
 Section 7.1 Certification of Corporate Performance Objectives . As promptly as practicable, but in any event within sixty (60) days after the end of each Plan Year, the Committee shall certify the performance of the Company relative to the Corporate Performance Objective or Objectives established for Participants. Each Participant s Award shall be determined by multiplying either (i) the Participant s Base Salary for the Plan Year multiplied by such Participant s target Award opportunity established as a percentage of the Participant s Base Salary for the Plan Year pursuant to section 5.1 or (ii) the specific dollar amount established as the Participant s target Award opportunity pursuant to section 5.1, by the percentage or ordinal score determined by applying the matrix, formula or methodology established pursuant to sections 6.2 and 6.3, as adjusted, if applicable, to take into account such subjective and objective factors as the Committee deems appropriate, including, but not limited to, the extent to which 
 SMRH 4887-3548-4749.3 -5- 
 030223 77SX-341285 

Participant s overall individual performance met expectations. Awards under the Plan shall be paid no later than March 31 of the year immediately following the Plan Year. 
 
 Section 7.2 Form of Award Payment . Unless the Committee otherwise determines, Awards shall be payable in cash. 
 
 Section 7.3 Deferral of Awards . In lieu of receiving a cash payment in respect of Awards payable under the Plan, Participants may elect to defer Awards pursuant to the terms of a deferred compensation plan, as may then be adopted and in effect provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be obligated and the foregoing shall not be construed as obligating the Company, to adopt any such deferred compensation plan or maintain such deferred compensation plan. 
 
 ARTICLE 8 ADMINISTRATION 
 
 Section 8.1 Committee . The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. 
 
 Section 8.2 Committee Action . The Committee shall hold such meetings, and may make such administrative rules and regulations, as it may deem proper. A majority of the members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum, and the action of a majority of the members of the Committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present, as well as actions taken pursuant to the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the Committee without holding a meeting, shall be deemed to be actions of the Committee. All actions of the Committee shall be final and conclusive and shall be binding upon the Company and all other interested parties. Any person dealing with the Committee shall be fully protected in relying upon any written notice, instruction, direction or other communication signed by the Secretary of the Committee, by two (2) members of the Committee or by a representative of the Committee authorized to sign the same in its behalf. 
 
 Section 8.3 Committee Responsibilities . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and such limitations as may be imposed by the Board, the Committee shall have plenary authority and responsibility for the management and administration of the Plan and shall have such authority as shall be necessary or appropriate in order to carry out its responsibilities, including, without limitation, the authority 
 
 (a) to interpret and construe the Plan, and to determine all questions that may arise under the Plan as to eligibility for participation in the Plan 
 
 (b) to adopt rules and regulations for the operation and administration of the Plan and 
 
 (c) to take any other action not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan that it may deem necessary or appropriate. 
 
 The Committee may delegate to one or more of its members or to one or more executive officers of the Company the authority to take any action or exercise any discretion required or permitted to be taken or exercised by the Committee with respect to any Employee or Participant other than the Company s Chief Executive Officer or any Section 162(m) Covered Employee (as defined in 26 U.S.C. 162(m)(3)). Action taken or discretion exercised pursuant to such delegated authority shall be reported to the Committee. To the extent of any such delegation, references in the Plan or any instrument issued in relation to the Plan to the Committee shall be deemed to be references to the Committee s delegate. 
 
 ARTICLE 9 AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 
 
 Section 9.1 Amendment . The Board may amend or revise the Plan in whole or in part at any time provided, however, that no such amendment or revision may have a materially negative effect on any Awards with respect to the then-current Plan Year or any prior Plan Year. 
 
 Section 9.2 Termination . The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan in whole or in part at any time by giving written notice of such suspension or termination to the Committee provided, however, that no such termination may have a materially negative effect on any Awards with respect to the then-current Plan Year or any prior Plan Year. 

ARTICLE 10 MISCELLANEOUS 
 SMRH 4887-3548-4749.3 -6- 
 030223 77SX-341285 

Section 10.1 No Right to Continued Employment . Neither the establishment of the Plan nor any provisions of the Plan nor any action of the Board or the Committee with respect to the Plan shall be held or construed to confer upon any Participant any right to continuation of his or her position as an Employee. The Company and any Affiliate thereof reserve the right to dismiss any Participant or otherwise deal with any Participant to the same extent as though the Plan had not been adopted. 
 
 Section 10.2 Non-Alienation of Benefits . Except as may otherwise be required by law, no distribution or payment under the Plan to any Participant, former Participant or beneficiary shall be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge, whether voluntary or involuntary, and any attempt to so anticipate, alienate, sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber or charge the same shall be void nor shall any such distribution or payment be in any way liable for or subject to the debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements or torts of any person entitled to such distribution or payment. If any Participant, former Participant or beneficiary is adjudicated bankrupt or purports to anticipate, alienate, sell, transfer, assign, pledge, encumber or charge any such distribution or payment, voluntarily or involuntarily, the Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion, may cancel such distribution or payment or may hold or cause to be held or applied to such distribution or payment, or any part thereof, to or for the benefit of such Participant, former Participant or beneficiary, in such manner as the Committee shall direct provided, however, that no such action by the Committee shall cause the acceleration or deferral of any benefit payments from the date on which such payments are scheduled to be made. 
 
 Section 10.3 Appendices and Conflicts . Corporate Performance Objectives for Plan Year may be appended to this Plan as an Appendix. Capitalized terms used in such Appendix shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms as set forth herein. In the event of any conflict between the terms of any Appendix or any Award Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern. 
 
 Section 10.4 Status of Plan Under ERISA . The Plan is intended to be a non-qualified incentive compensation program that is exempt from the regulatory requirements of ERISA. The Plan is not intended to comply with the requirements of section 401(a) of the Code or to be subject to Parts 2, 3 and 4 of Title I of ERISA. The Plan shall be administered and construed so as to effectuate this intent. 
 
 Section 10.5 Construction and Language . Wherever appropriate in the Plan, words used in the singular may be read in the plural, words used in the plural may be read in the singular, and the masculine gender may be read as referring equally to the feminine gender or the neuter. 
 
 Section 10.6 Governing Law . The Plan shall be construed, administered and enforced according to the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof, except to the extent that such laws are preempted by federal law. The federal and state courts having jurisdiction in Delaware shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim, action, complaint or lawsuit brought under the terms of the Plan or in any way relating to the rights or obligations of any person under the Plan, or the acts or omissions of the Company, the Board, the Committee or any duly authorized person acting in their behalf in relation to the Plan. By participating in the Plan, the Participant, for himself and any other person claiming any rights under the Plan through him, agrees to submit himself, and any such legal action described herein that he shall bring, to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts for the adjudication and resolution of such disputes. 
 
 Section 10.7 Headings . The headings of Articles and sections are included solely for convenience of reference. If there is any conflict between such headings and the text of the Plan, the text shall control. 
 
 Section 10.8 Withholding . Payments from the Plan shall be subject to all applicable federal, state and local withholding taxes. 
 
 Section 10.9 Notices . Any communication required or permitted to be given under the Plan, including any notice, direction, designation, comment, instruction, objection or waiver, shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given at such time as it is delivered personally or five (5) days after mailing if mailed, postage prepaid, by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed to such party at the address listed below, or at such other address as one such party may by written notice specify to the other party (a) if to the Committee Opal Fuels Inc., One North Lexington Avenue, Suite 1450, White Plains, New York 10601, Attention ___ 1 and (b) if to a Participant to the Participant s address as shown in the Company s records. 

1 NOTE To insert name of applicable notice party. 
 SMRH 4887-3548-4749.3 -7- 
 030223 77SX-341285 

Section 10.10 Severability . A determination that any provision of the Plan is invalid or unenforceable shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof. 
 
 Section 10.11 Waiver . Failure to insist upon strict compliance with any of the terms, covenants or conditions of the Plan shall not be deemed a waiver of such term, covenant or condition. A waiver of any provision of the Plan must be made in writing, designated as a waiver, and signed by the party against whom its enforcement is sought. Any waiver or relinquishment of any right or power hereunder at any one or more times shall not be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of such right or power at any other time or times. 
 
 Section 10.12 Successors and Assigns . The provisions of the Plan will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Participants and their respective legal representatives and testate or intestate distributees, and the Company and its respective successors and assigns, including any successor by merger or consolidation or a statutory receiver or any other person or firm or corporation to which all or substantially all of the assets and business of the Company may be sold or otherwise transferred. 
 
 Section 10.13 Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . The Plan and the Awards made hereunder are intended to be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and the regulations thereunder as short-term deferrals. To the extent that the Plan is construed to be a non-qualified deferred compensation plan described in Section 409A of the Code, the Plan and any grant instruments shall be operated, administered and construed so as to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. The Plan and any Award Agreements shall be subject to amendment, with or without advance notice to Participants and other interested parties, and on a prospective or retroactive basis, including, but not limited to, amendment in a manner that adversely affects the rights of Participants and other interested parties, to the extent necessary to effect compliance with Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and or tax penalties under Section 409A of the Code, the Participant shall not be considered to have separated from service with the Company for purposes of this Plan or Awards and no payment shall be due to the Grantee under this Plan on account of a separation from service until the Grantee would be considered to have incurred a separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan or Award Agreements, to the extent that any amounts are payable upon a separation from service and such payment would result in accelerated taxation and or tax penalties under Section 409A of the Code, such payment, under this Plan or any other agreement of the Company, shall be made on the first business day after the date that is six (6) months following such separation from service (or death, if earlier). The Company makes no representation that any or all of the payments described in this Plan will be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Code and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A of the Code from applying to any such payment. The Participant shall be solely responsible for the payment of any taxes and penalties incurred under Section 409A of the Code. For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, a right receive any installment payments pursuant to this Plan or Awards shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. 
 
 Section 10.14 Clawback . Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Plan, any Award or any other compensation received by a Participant which is subject to recovery under any applicable law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement (or any policy adopted by the Company pursuant to any such applicable law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement), will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such applicable law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement (or any policy adopted by the Company pursuant to any such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement on or following the Effective Date). 
 SMRH 4887-3548-4749.3 -8- 
 030223 77SX-341285 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-4.5>
 3
 opalfuelsinc-formoptionagr.htm
 EX-4.5

Document 

OPAL FUELS INC. STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE AND OPTION AGREEMENT (2022 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan) 
 As a key leader in our business, you are in a position to have significant influence on the performance and success of OPAL Fuels Inc. (the Company ). I am pleased to inform you that, in recognition of the role you play in our collective success, you have been granted an option to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock. This award is subject to the terms and conditions of the OPAL Fuels Inc. 2022 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, this Grant Notice, and the following Stock Option Agreement. The details of this award are indicated below. 
 Optionee Date of Grant Number of Shares subject to the Option Exercise Price Per Share Type of Option Expiration Date Vesting 

OPAL Fuels Inc., a Delaware corporation 

________________________ 
 By ___ 
 Its ___ 
 SMRH 4878-0415-3177.1 -1- 
 032623 77SX-341285 

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 THIS STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT (together with the above grant notice (the Grant Notice ), the Agreement is made and entered into as of the date set forth on the Grant Notice by and between OPAL Fuels Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and the individual (the Optionee set forth on the Grant Notice. 
 A. Pursuant to the OPAL Fuels Inc. 2022 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), the Administrator has determined that it is to the advantage and best interest of the Company to grant to the Optionee an option to purchase the number of Shares (the Shares set forth on the Grant Notice, at the exercise price per Share set forth on the Grant Notice, and in all respects subject to the terms, definitions and provisions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference, and this Agreement (the Option ). 
 B. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan. For purposes of this Agreement, the following definitions shall apply 
 (i) Termination shall mean the termination of the employment or service of the Optionee with the Company and all Affiliates thereof (including because of the Optionee s employer ceasing to be an affiliate of the Company). For purposes of this Agreement, Termination will not occur when Optionee goes on a military leave, a sick leave or another bona fide leave of absence that was approved by the Company in writing if the terms of the leave provide for continued service crediting, or when continued service crediting is required by Applicable Laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an approved leave of absence for six months or less, which does not in fact exceed six months, will not result in Termination for purposes of this Agreement. However, Termination will occur when an approved leave described in this Section B ends, unless Optionee immediately returns to active work. 
 (ii) Termination Date shall mean the date of the Optionee s Termination of Service. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein, the Optionee and the Company hereby agree as follows 
 1. Acceptance of Agreement . Optionee has reviewed all of the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement. Optionee hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator on questions relating to the Plan and this Agreement, and, solely as they relate to this Option, the applicable provisions (if any) contained in a written employment agreement between the Company or an Affiliate and the Optionee. The Optionee s electronic signature of this Agreement shall have the same validity and effect as a signature affixed by hand. 
 2. Grant and Terms of Stock Option . 
 1.1 Grant of Option . Pursuant to this Agreement, the Company has granted to the Optionee the right and option to purchase, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and this Agreement, all or any part of the number of Shares set forth on the Grant Notice at a purchase price per Share equal to the exercise price per Share set forth on the Grant Notice. An Option granted pursuant to the Grant Notice and this Agreement shall be an ISO a Nonqualified Stock Option . 
 1.2 Vesting and Term of Option . This Section 2.2 is subject to the provisions of the Plan and the other provisions of this Agreement. 
 SMRH 4878-0415-3177.1 -1- 
 032623 77SX-341285 

1.1.1 This Option shall vest and become exercisable as described in the Grant Notice. 
 1.1.2 The Term of this Option shall begin on the Date of Grant set forth in the Grant Notice and end on the Expiration Date specified in the Grant Notice. No portion of this Option may be exercised after the expiration of the Term. 
 1.1.3 Except as otherwise provided in the Grant Notice, in the event of Optionee s Termination for any reason other than death, Disability, or Cause 
 1.1.1.1 the portion of this Option that is not vested and exercisable as of the Termination Date shall not continue to vest and shall be immediately cancelled and terminated and 
 1.1.1.2 the portion of this Option that is vested and exercisable as of the Termination Date shall terminate and be cancelled on the earlier of 
 (a) the expiration of the Term and 
 (b) ninety (90) days after such Termination Date. 
 1.1.4 Except as otherwise provided in the Grant Notice, in the event of Termination due to death or Disability 
 1.1.1.1 the portion of this Option that is not vested and exercisable as of the Termination Date shall not continue to vest and shall be immediately cancelled and terminated and 
 1.1.1.2 the portion of this Option that is vested and exercisable as of the Termination Date shall terminate and be cancelled on the earlier of (a) the expiration of the Term and (b) the date that is twelve (12) months after the Termination Date. 
 1.1.5 In the event of Optionee s Termination for Cause, or if, after the Termination, the Administrator determines that Cause existed before such Termination, this entire Option shall not continue to vest, shall be cancelled and terminated as of the Termination Date, and shall no longer be exercisable as to any Shares, whether or not previously vested. 
 3. Method of Exercise . 
 1.1 Method of Exercise . Each election to exercise the Option shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and shall be in writing, signed by the Optionee or by his or her executor, administrator, or permitted transferee (subject to any restrictions provided under the Plan), made pursuant to and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and received by the Company at its principal offices, accompanied by payment in full as provided in the Plan or in this Agreement. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, the Administrator shall have the right to specify all conditions of the manner of exercise. Upon the Company s determination that the Option has been validly exercised as to any of the Shares, the Company may issue certificates in the Optionee s name for such Shares. However, the Company shall not be liable to the Optionee for damages relating to any reasonable delays in issuing the certificates to the Optionee, any loss of the certificates, or any mistakes or errors in the issuance of the certificates or in the certificates themselves which it promptly undertakes to correct. 
 SMRH 4878-0415-3177.1 -2- 
 032623 77SX-341285 

1.2 Restrictions on Exercise . No Shares will be issued pursuant to the exercise of this Option unless and until there shall have been full compliance with all applicable requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 Securities Act ), as amended (whether by registration or satisfaction of exemption conditions), all applicable listing requirements of any national securities exchange or other market system on which the Common Stock is then listed and all applicable requirements of any Applicable Laws and of any regulatory bodies having jurisdiction over such issuance. As a condition to the exercise of this Option, the Company may require the Optionee to make any representation and warranty to the Company as may be necessary or appropriate, in the judgment of the Administrator, to comply with any Applicable Law. In addition, Optionee shall not sell any Shares acquired upon exercise of this Option at a time when Applicable Laws, regulations or Company s or underwriter trading policies prohibit such sale. Any other provision of this Agreement notwithstanding, the Company shall have the right to designate one or more periods of time, each of which shall not exceed 180 days in length, during which this Option shall not be exercisable if the Administrator determines (in its sole discretion) that such limitation on exercise could in any way facilitate a lessening of any restriction on transfer pursuant to the Securities Act or any state securities laws with respect to any issuance of securities by the Company, facilitate the registration or qualification of any securities by the Company under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, or facilitate the perfection of any exemption from the registration or qualification requirements of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws for the issuance or transfer of any securities. Such limitation on exercise shall not alter the vesting schedule set forth in this Agreement other than to limit the periods during which this Option shall be exercisable. 
 1.3 Method of Payment . Payment of the exercise price shall be made in full at the time of exercise (a) by the delivery of cash or check acceptable to the Administrator, including an amount to cover the withholding taxes (as provided in Section 7.11) with respect to such exercise, or (b) any other method, if any, approved by the Administrator, including (i) by means of consideration received under any cashless exercise procedure, if any, approved by the Administrator (including the withholding of Shares otherwise issuable upon exercise) or (ii) any other form of consideration approved by the Administrator and permitted by Applicable Laws. 
 1.4 No Rights as a Shareholder . Until the Shares are issued to the Optionee (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a shareholder will exist with respect to the Shares, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. 
 4. Non-Transferability of Option . Except as provided below, this Option may not be sold, assigned or transferred in any manner, pledged or otherwise encumbered other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution or to a beneficiary designated pursuant to the Plan, and may be exercised during the lifetime of Optionee only by Optionee or the Optionee s guardian or legal representative. Subject to all of the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, following the death of Optionee, this Option may, to the extent it is vested and exercisable by Optionee in accordance with its terms on the Termination Date, be exercised by Optionee s executor or administrator, or the person or persons to whom the Optionee s rights under this Agreement shall pass by will or by the laws of descent and distribution as the case may be. Any heir or legatee of the Optionee shall take rights herein granted subject to the terms and conditions hereof. 
 5. Restrictions Restrictive Legends . Ownership and transfer of Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of this Option will be subject to the provisions of, including ownership and transfer restrictions contained in, the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, as amended from time to time, restrictions imposed by Applicable Laws and restrictions set forth or referenced in legends imprinted on certificates representing such Shares. 
 SMRH 4878-0415-3177.1 -3- 
 032623 77SX-341285 

6. Dissolution or Liquidation . In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, to the extent that this Option had not been previously exercised, it will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed dissolution or liquidation. In such instance, the Administrator may, in the exercise of its sole discretion, declare that this Option will terminate as of a date fixed by the Administrator and give the Optionee the right to exercise this Option prior to such date as to all or any part of the optioned stock, including Shares as to which this Option would not otherwise be exercisable. 
 7. General . 
 1.1 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely in Delaware, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions of Delaware or any other jurisdiction. 
 1.2 Community Property . Without prejudice to the actual rights of the spouses as between each other, for all purposes of this Agreement, the Optionee shall be treated as agent and attorney-in-fact for that interest held or claimed by his or her spouse with respect to this Option and the parties hereto shall act in all matters as if the Optionee was the sole owner of this Option. This appointment is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable. 
 1.3 No Employment Rights . Nothing herein contained shall be construed as an agreement by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, express or implied, to employ the Optionee or contract for the Optionee s services, to restrict the Company s or such Subsidiary s right to discharge the Optionee or cease contracting for the Optionee s services or to modify, extend or otherwise affect in any manner whatsoever the terms of any employment agreement or contract for services which may exist between the Optionee and the Company or any Affiliate. 
 1.4 Application to Other Stock . In the event any capital stock of the Company or any other corporation shall be distributed on, with respect to, or in exchange for Shares as a stock dividend, stock split, reclassification or recapitalization in connection with any merger or reorganization or otherwise, all restrictions, rights and obligations set forth in this Agreement shall apply with respect to such other capital stock to the same extent as they are, or would have been applicable, to the Shares on or with respect to which such other capital stock was distributed, and references to Company in respect of such distributed stock shall be deemed to refer to the company to which such distributed stock relates. 
 1.5 No Third-Party Benefits . Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, none of the provisions of this Agreement shall be for the benefit of, or enforceable by, any third-party beneficiary. 
 1.6 Successors and Assigns . Except as provided herein to the contrary, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties, their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
 1.7 No Assignment . Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Optionee may not assign any of his or her rights under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent may be withheld in its sole discretion. The Company shall be permitted to assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement so long as such assignee agrees to perform all of the Company s obligations hereunder. 
 1.8 Severability . The validity, legality or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected even if one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect. 
 SMRH 4878-0415-3177.1 -4- 
 032623 77SX-341285 

1.9 Equitable Relief . The Optionee acknowledges that, in the event of a threatened or actual breach of any of the provisions of this Agreement, damages alone will be an inadequate remedy, and such breach will cause the Company great, immediate and irreparable injury and damage. Accordingly, the Optionee agrees that the Company shall be entitled to injunctive and other equitable relief, and that such relief shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any remedies it may have at law or under this Agreement. 
 1.10 Jurisdiction . Any suit, action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement, or any judgment entered by any court in respect of any thereof, shall be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Delaware, and the Company and the Optionee hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of any such suit, action, proceeding or judgment. The Optionee and the Company hereby irrevocably waive (i) any objections which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement brought in any court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Delaware, (ii) any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in any inconvenient forum and (iii) any right to a jury trial. 
 1.11 Taxes . By agreeing to this Agreement, the Optionee represents that he or she has reviewed with his or her own tax advisors the federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and that he or she is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents. The Company shall be entitled to require a cash payment by or on behalf of the Optionee and or to deduct from the Shares or cash otherwise issuable hereunder or other compensation payable to the Optionee the minimum amount of any sums required by federal, state or local tax law to be withheld (or other such sums that will not cause adverse accounting consequences for the Company and is permitted under applicable withholding rules promulgated by the Internal Revenue Service or another applicable governmental entity) in respect of the Option, its exercise or any payment or transfer under or with respect to the Option. 
 1.12 Headings . The section headings in this Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience, and in no way define, limit, extend or interpret the scope of this Agreement or of any particular section. 
 1.13 Number and Gender . Throughout this Agreement, as the context may require, (a) the masculine gender includes the feminine and the neuter gender includes the masculine and the feminine (b) the singular tense and number includes the plural, and the plural tense and number includes the singular (c) the past tense includes the present, and the present tense includes the past (d) references to parties, sections, paragraphs and exhibits mean the parties, sections, paragraphs and exhibits of and to this Agreement and (e) periods of days, weeks or months mean calendar days, weeks or months. 
 1.14 Data Privacy . Optionee agrees that all of Optionee s information that is described or referenced in this Agreement and the Plan may be used by the Company, its affiliates and the designated broker and its affiliates to administer and manage Optionee s participation in the Plan. 
 1.15 Acknowledgments of Optionee . Optionee has reviewed the Plan and this Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Agreement, fully understands all provisions of the Plan and this Agreement and, by accepting the Notice of Grant, acknowledges and agrees to all of the provisions of the Grant Notice, the Plan and this Agreement. 
 SMRH 4878-0415-3177.1 -5- 
 032623 77SX-341285 

1.16 Complete Agreement . The Grant Notice, this Stock Option Agreement, the Plan, and the applicable provisions (if any) contained in a written employment agreement between the Company or an Affiliate and the Optionee constitute the parties entire agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all agreements, representations, warranties, statements, promises and understandings, whether oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof. In the event of any inconsistency between the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan shall control. 
 1.17 Waiver . The Optionee acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by the Optionee. 
 1.18 Signature in Counterparts . This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. 
 1.19 Amendments and Termination . To the extent permitted by the Plan, this Agreement may be wholly or partially amended, altered or terminated at any time or from time to time by the Administrator or the Board, but no amendment, alteration or termination shall be made that would materially impair the rights of an Optionee under the Option without such Optionee s consent. If it is determined that the terms of this Agreement have been structured in a manner that would result in adverse tax treatment under Section 409A of the Code, the parties agree to cooperate in taking all reasonable measures to restructure the arrangement to minimize or avoid such adverse tax treatment without materially impairing Optionee s economic rights. 
 1.20 Waiver of Jury Trial . TO THE EXTENT EITHER PARTY INITIATES LITIGATION INVOLVING THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY ASPECT OF THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN US (EVEN IF OTHER PARTIES OR OTHER CLAIMS ARE INCLUDED IN SUCH LITIGATION), ALL OF THE PARTIES WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY. THIS WAIVER WILL APPLY TO ALL CAUSES OF ACTION THAT ARE OR MIGHT BE INCLUDED IN SUCH ACTION, INCLUDING CLAIMS RELATED TO THE ENFORCEMENT OR INTERPRETATION OF THIS AGREEMENT, ALLEGATIONS OF STATE OR FEDERAL STATUTORY VIOLATIONS, FRAUD, MISREPRESENTATION, OR SIMILAR CAUSES OF ACTION, AND IN CONNECTION WITH ANY LEGAL ACTION INITIATED FOR THE RECOVERY OF DAMAGES BETWEEN OR AMONG US OR BETWEEN OR AMONG ANY OF OUR OWNERS, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS. 
 1.21 Electronic Delivery and Disclosure . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver or disclose, as applicable, any documents related to this Award granted under the Plan, future awards that may be granted under the Plan, the prospectus related to the Plan, the Company s annual reports or proxy statements by electronic means or to request Optionee s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means, including, but not limited to, the Securities and Exchange Commission s Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system or any successor system EDGAR ). Optionee hereby consents to receive such documents delivered electronically or to retrieve such documents furnished electronically (including on EDGAR), as applicable, and agrees to participate in the Plan through any online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 1.22 Section 409A . The parties intend for the Option to be exempt from Section 409A of the Code or, if not so exempt, to be treated in a manner which complies with the requirements of such section, and intend that this Agreement be construed and administered in accordance with such intention. In the event that the parties determine that the terms of this 
 SMRH 4878-0415-3177.1 -6- 
 032623 77SX-341285 

Agreement or the Option needs to be modified in order to comply with Section 409A of the Code, the parties shall cooperate reasonably to do so in a manner intended to best preserve the economic benefits of this Agreement. Any payments that qualify for the short-term deferral exception or another exception under Section 409A of the Code shall be paid under the applicable exception. For purposes of the limitations on nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, each payment of compensation under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment of compensation. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required in order to avoid accelerated taxation and or tax penalties under Section 409A of the Code, amounts that would otherwise be payable and benefits that would otherwise be provided pursuant to this Agreement during the six-month period immediately following the Participant s separation from service shall instead be paid on the first business day after the date that is six months following the Participant s termination date (or death, if earlier). 
 1.23 Clawback of Incentive Compensation . If the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement of its financial statements due to the Company s material noncompliance (whether one occurrence or a series of occurrences of noncompliance) with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws (including if the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement to correct an error (or a series of errors)) (a Covered Accounting Restatement ), and if such Covered Accounting Restatement includes (i) restatements that correct errors that are material to previously issued financial statements (commonly referred to as Big R restatements), or (ii) restatements that correct errors that are not material to previously issued financial statements, but would result in a material misstatement if (a) the errors were left uncorrected in the current report or (b) the error correction was recognized in the current period (commonly referred to as little r restatements) , then the Committee may require Optionee to repay (in which event, Optionee shall, within thirty (30) days of the notice by the Company, repay to the Company) or forfeit (in which case, Optionee shall immediately forfeit to the Company) to the Company, and Optionee hereby agrees to so repay or forfeit, that portion of the Incentive Compensation (as defined below) received by Optionee during the period comprised of the Company s three (3) completed fiscal years (together with any intermittent stub fiscal year period(s) of less than nine (9) months resulting from Company s transition to different fiscal year measurement dates) immediately preceding the date the Company is deemed (as described below) to be required to prepare a Covered Accounting Restatement (such period, the Look-Back Period ), that the Committee determines was in excess of the amount of Incentive Compensation that Optionee would have received during such Look-Back Period, had such Incentive Compensation been calculated based on the restated amounts, and irrespective of any fault, misconduct or responsibility of Optionee for the Covered Accounting Restatement. It is specifically understood that, to the extent that the impact of the Covered Accounting Restatement on the amount of Incentive Compensation received cannot be calculated directly from the information therein (e.g., if such restatement s impact on the Company s stock price is not clear), such excess amount of Incentive Compensation shall be determined based on a reasonable estimate by the Committee of the effect of the Covered Accounting Restatement on the applicable financial measure (including the stock price or total shareholder return) based upon which the Incentive Compensation was received. The amount of the Incentive Compensation to be recouped shall be determined by the Committee in its sole and absolute discretion and calculated on a pre-tax basis, and the form of such recoupment of Incentive Compensation may be made, in the Committee s sole and absolute discretion, through the forfeiture or cancellation of vested or unvested Awards, cash repayment or both. Incentive Compensation shall be deemed received, either wholly or in part, in the fiscal year during which the financial reporting measure specified in such Incentive Compensation award is attained (or with respect to, or based upon the achievement of, such financial reporting measure, such Incentive Compensation was granted, earned or vested, as applicable), even if the payment, vesting or grant of such Incentive Compensation occurs after the end of such fiscal year. For purposes of this Section 7.23, the Company is deemed to be required to prepare a Covered 
 SMRH 4878-0415-3177.1 -7- 
 032623 77SX-341285 

Accounting Restatement on the earlier of (A) the date upon which the Board or an applicable committee thereof, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare a Covered Accounting Restatement or (B) the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare a Covered Accounting Restatement. For the purposes of this Agreement, Incentive Compensation shall mean any compensation (including any Award or any other short-term or long-term cash or equity incentive award or any other payment) that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of any financial reporting measure (i.e., any measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measure that is derived wholly or in part from such measures, including stock price and total shareholder return). For the avoidance of doubt, financial reporting measures include non-GAAP financial measures for purposes of Exchange Act Regulation G and 17 CFR 229.10, as well as other measures, metrics and ratios that are not non-GAAP measures, like same store sales. Financial reporting measures may or may not be included in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and may be presented outside the Company s financial statements, such as in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations or the performance graph. 
 SMRH 4878-0415-3177.1 -8- 
 032623 77SX-341285 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-4.6>
 4
 opalfuelsinc-formofperform.htm
 EX-4.6

Document 

OPAL FUELS INC. PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD GRANT NOTICE (2022 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan) 
 As a key leader in our business, you are in a position to have significant influence on the performance and success of OPAL Fuels Inc. (the Company ). I am pleased to inform you that, in recognition of the role you play in our collective success, you have been granted a Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award. This award is subject to the terms and conditions of the OPAL Fuels Inc. 2022 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, this Grant Notice, and the following Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. The details of this award are indicated below. 
 Grantee Date of Grant Number of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Performance Period Vesting Commencement Date Vesting Date Vesting Delivery Dates 

OPAL Fuels Inc., a Delaware corporation 

________________________ 
 By ___ 
 Its ___ 

Acknowledged and Agreed as of this ____ day of __________, 2023. 

Name ___________________________________ 

SMRH 4886-6097-0841.1 -1- 
 032623 77SX-341285 

PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 THIS PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (together with the above grant notice (the Grant Notice ), this Agreement is made and entered into as of the date set forth on the Grant Notice by and between the Company and the individual (the Grantee set forth on the Grant Notice. 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to the OPAL Fuels Inc. 2022 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), the Administrator (the Administrator has determined that it is to the advantage and best interest of the Company to grant to the Grantee this award of performance-based Restricted Stock Units (the PRSUs as set forth in the Grant Notice and subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference, and this Agreement (the Award ). 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein, the Grantee and the Company hereby agree as follows 
 1. Acceptance of Agreement . Grantee has reviewed all of the provisions of the Plan, the Grant Notice and this Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. By accepting this Award, Grantee agrees that this Award is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Grant Notice and this Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, and the applicable provisions contained in a written employment agreement (if any) between the Company or an Affiliate and the Grantee. Grantee hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator on questions relating to the Plan, the Grant Notice, this Agreement and, solely in so far as they relate to this Award, the applicable provisions contained in a written employment agreement (if any) between the Company or an Affiliate and the Grantee. If Grantee signs this Agreement and Grant Notice electronically, Grantee s electronic signature of this Agreement shall have the same validity and effect as a signature affixed by hand. 
 2. Grant of Award . The PRSUs granted hereunder pursuant to Section 9 of the Plan shall be subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan, and all capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. For purposes of this Agreement, Termination shall mean the termination of the employment or provision of services of the Grantee with the Company and all Affiliates thereof (including because of the Grantee s employer ceasing to be an Affiliate of the Company) and Termination Date shall mean the date of the Termination. For purposes of this Agreement, Termination will not occur when Grantee goes on a military leave, a sick leave or another bona fide leave of absence that was approved by the Company in writing if the terms of the leave provide for continued service crediting, or when continued service crediting is required by Applicable Laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an approved leave of absence for six months or less, which does not in fact exceed six months, will not result in Termination for purposes of this Agreement. However, Termination will occur when approved leave described in this Section 2 ends, unless Grantee immediately returns to active work. Grantee shall be entitled to receive dividends declared during the Restricted Period with respect to the number of Shares covered by PRSUs, which dividends will be paid to Grantee at the time (and to the extent) Shares in respect of the related PRSUs are delivered to the Grantee under the terms of this Agreement. 
 SMRH 4886-6097-0841.1 -2- 
 032623 77SX-341285 

3. Vesting . 
 1.1 Subject to the provisions of the Plan and Section 3.2 of this Agreement, and except as otherwise provided in a written employment agreement between the Company or an Affiliate and the Grantee (if any), the PRSUs shall vest as described in the Grant Notice, subject to the Grantee not experiencing a Termination prior to the Vesting Date (as such term is defined in the Grant Notice). 
 1.2 Except as otherwise provided in the Grant Notice, if the Grantee experiences a Termination for any reason prior to the Vesting Date, as of the Termination Date, the Grantee shall forfeit any unvested PRSUs. 
 4. Transfer and Settlement of PRSUs . The PRSUs issued under this Agreement may not be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of and may not be pledged or otherwise hypothecated (each, a Transfer ). In addition, Grantee shall not sell any Shares received with respect to PRSUs (even following settlement of PRSUs) at a time when Applicable Laws, regulations or Company s or underwriter trading policies prohibit such sale. The applicable portion of this Award (to the extent vested) shall be settled by the Company by the issuance and delivery of Shares as soon as reasonably practical after (but no later than 60 days after) the Delivery Dates, as indicated in the Grant Notice, to the Grantee (or if applicable, the beneficiaries of the Grantee). Any issuance of Shares shall be made only in whole Shares, and any fractional shares shall be distributed in an equivalent cash amount. 
 5. General . 
 1.1 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 1.2 Community Property . Without prejudice to the actual rights of the spouses as between each other, for all purposes of this Agreement, the Grantee shall be treated as agent and attorney-in-fact for that interest held or claimed by his or her spouse with respect to this Award and the parties hereto shall act in all matters as if the Grantee was the sole owner of this Award. This appointment is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable. 
 1.3 No Employment Rights . Nothing contained herein shall be construed as an agreement by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, express or implied, to employ the Grantee or contract for the Grantee s services, to restrict the Company s or such subsidiary s right to discharge the Grantee or cease contracting for the Grantee s services or to modify, extend or otherwise affect in any manner whatsoever the terms of any employment agreement or contract for services which may exist between the Grantee and the Company or any Affiliate. 
 1.4 Application to Other Stock . In the event any capital stock of the Company or any other corporation shall be distributed on, with respect to or in exchange for Shares underlying PRSUs as a stock dividend, stock split, reclassification, recapitalization or similar transaction in connection with any merger or reorganization or otherwise, all restrictions, rights and obligations set forth in this Agreement shall apply with respect to such other capital stock to the same extent as they are, or would have been applicable, to the Shares underlying PRSUs on or with respect to which such other capital stock was distributed, and references to Company in respect of such distributed stock shall be deemed to refer to the company to which such distributed stock relates. 
 1.5 No Third-Party Benefits . Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, none of the provisions of this Agreement shall be for the benefit of, or enforceable by, any third-party beneficiary. 
 SMRH 4886-6097-0841.1 -3- 
 032623 77SX-341285 

1.6 Successors and Assigns . Except as provided herein to the contrary, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties, their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
 1.7 No Assignment . Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Grantee may not assign any of his or her rights under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent may be withheld in its sole discretion. The Company shall be permitted to assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement so long as such assignee agrees to perform all of the Company s obligations hereunder. 
 1.8 Severability . The validity, legality or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected even if one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect. 
 1.9 Equitable Relief . The Grantee acknowledges that, in the event of a threatened or actual breach of any of the provisions of this Agreement, damages alone will be an inadequate remedy, and such breach will cause the Company great, immediate and irreparable injury and damage. Accordingly, the Grantee agrees that the Company shall be entitled to injunctive and other equitable relief, and that such relief shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any remedies it may have at law or under this Agreement. 
 1.10 Jurisdiction . Any suit, action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement, or any judgment entered by any court in respect of any thereof, shall be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Delaware, and the Company and the Grantee hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of any such suit, action, proceeding or judgment. The Grantee and the Company hereby irrevocably waive (i) any objections which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement brought in any court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Delaware and (ii) any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in any inconvenient forum. 
 1.11 Taxes . By agreeing to this Agreement, the Grantee represents that he or she has reviewed with his or her own tax advisors the federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and that he or she is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents. The Company shall be entitled to require a cash payment by or on behalf of the Grantee and or to deduct from the Shares or cash issuable hereunder or from other compensation payable to the Grantee the minimum amount of any sums required by federal, state or local tax law to be withheld (or other such sums that that will not cause adverse accounting consequences for the Company and is permitted under applicable withholding rules promulgated by the Internal Revenue Service or another applicable governmental entity) with respect to the Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award. 
 1.12 Section 409A Compliance . The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with Section 409A of Code to the extent subject thereto, and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted and be administered to be in compliance therewith. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and or tax penalties under Section 409A of the Code, the Grantee shall not be considered to have separated from service with the Company for purposes of this Agreement and no payment shall be due to the Grantee under this Agreement on account of a separation from service until the Grantee would be considered to have incurred a separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. Any payments described in this Agreement that are due within the short-term deferral period as defined in Section 409A of the Code shall not be treated as deferred 
 SMRH 4886-6097-0841.1 -4- 
 032623 77SX-341285 

compensation unless applicable law requires otherwise. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent that any amounts are payable upon a separation from service and such payment would result in accelerated taxation and or tax penalties under Section 409A of the Code, such payment, under this Agreement or any other agreement of the Company, shall be made on the first business day after the date that is six (6) months following such separation from service (or death, if earlier). The Company makes no representation that any or all of the payments described in this Agreement will be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Code and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A of the Code from applying to any such payment. If it is determined that the terms of this Agreement have been structured in a manner that would result in adverse tax treatment under Section 409A of the Code, the parties agree to cooperate in taking all reasonable measures to restructure the arrangement to minimize or avoid such adverse tax treatment without materially impairing Grantee s economic rights. The Grantee shall be solely responsible for the payment of any taxes and penalties incurred under Section 409A. 
 1.13 Headings . The section headings in this Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience, and in no way define, limit, extend or interpret the scope of this Agreement or of any particular section. 
 1.14 Number and Gender . Throughout this Agreement, as the context may require, (a) the masculine gender includes the feminine and the neuter gender includes the masculine and the feminine (b) the singular tense and number includes the plural, and the plural tense and number includes the singular (c) the past tense includes the present, and the present tense includes the past (d) references to parties, sections, paragraphs and exhibits mean the parties, sections, paragraphs and exhibits of and to this Agreement and (e) periods of days, weeks or months mean calendar days, weeks or months. 
 1.15 Electronic Delivery and Disclosure . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver or disclose, as applicable, any documents related to this Award granted under the Plan, future awards that may be granted under the Plan, the prospectus related to the Plan, the Company s annual reports or proxy statements by electronic means or to request Grantee s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means, including, but not limited to, the Securities and Exchange Commission s Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system or any successor system EDGAR ). Grantee hereby consents to receive such documents delivered electronically or to retrieve such documents furnished electronically (including on EDGAR), as applicable, and agrees to participate in the Plan through any online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 1.16 Data Privacy . Grantee agrees that all of Grantee s information that is described or referenced in this Agreement and the Plan may be used by the Company, its affiliates and the designated broker and its affiliates to administer and manage Grantee s participation in the Plan. 
 1.17 Acknowledgments of Grantee . Grantee has reviewed the Plan and this Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Agreement, fully understands all provisions of the Plan and this Agreement and, by accepting the Grant Notice, acknowledges and agrees to all of the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement. 
 1.18 Complete Agreement . The Grant Notice, this Agreement, the Plan and applicable provisions (if any) contained in a written employment agreement between the Company or an Affiliate and the Grantee constitute the parties entire agreement with respect to 
 SMRH 4886-6097-0841.1 -5- 
 032623 77SX-341285 

the subject matter hereof and supersede all agreements, representations, warranties, statements, promises and understandings, whether oral or written, with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 1.19 Waiver of Jury Trial . TO THE EXTENT EITHER PARTY INITIATES LITIGATION INVOLVING THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY ASPECT OF THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN US (EVEN IF OTHER PARTIES OR OTHER CLAIMS ARE INCLUDED IN SUCH LITIGATION), ALL OF THE PARTIES WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY. THIS WAIVER WILL APPLY TO ALL CAUSES OF ACTION THAT ARE OR MIGHT BE INCLUDED IN SUCH ACTION, INCLUDING CLAIMS RELATED TO THE ENFORCEMENT OR INTERPRETATION OF THIS AGREEMENT, ALLEGATIONS OF STATE OR FEDERAL STATUTORY VIOLATIONS, FRAUD, MISREPRESENTATION, OR SIMILAR CAUSES OF ACTION, AND IN CONNECTION WITH ANY LEGAL ACTION INITIATED FOR THE RECOVERY OF DAMAGES BETWEEN OR AMONG US OR BETWEEN OR AMONG ANY OF OUR OWNERS, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS. 
 1.20 Waiver . The Grantee acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by the Grantee. 
 1.21 Signature in Counterparts . This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. 
 1.22 Amendments and Termination . To the extent permitted by the Plan, this Agreement may be wholly or partially amended, altered or terminated at any time or from time to time by the Administrator or the Board, but no amendment, alteration or termination shall be made that would materially impair the rights of a Grantee under this Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement without such Grantee s consent. 
 1.23 Clawback of Incentive Compensation . If the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement of its financial statements due to the Company s material noncompliance (whether one occurrence or a series of occurrences of noncompliance) with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws (including if the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement to correct an error (or a series of errors)) (a Covered Accounting Restatement ), and if such Covered Accounting Restatement includes (i) restatements that correct errors that are material to previously issued financial statements (commonly referred to as Big R restatements), or (ii) restatements that correct errors that are not material to previously issued financial statements, but would result in a material misstatement if (a) the errors were left uncorrected in the current report or (b) the error correction was recognized in the current period (commonly referred to as little r restatements) , then the Committee may require Grantee to repay (in which event, Grantee shall, within thirty (30) days of the notice by the Company, repay to the Company) or forfeit (in which case, Grantee shall immediately forfeit to the Company) to the Company, and Grantee hereby agrees to so repay or forfeit, that portion of the Incentive Compensation (as defined below) received by Grantee during the period comprised of the Company s three (3) completed fiscal years (together with any intermittent stub fiscal year period(s) of less than nine (9) months resulting from Company s transition to different fiscal year measurement dates) immediately preceding the date the Company is deemed (as described below) to be required to prepare a Covered Accounting Restatement (such period, the Look-Back Period ), that the Committee determines was in excess of the amount of Incentive Compensation that Grantee would have received during such Look-Back Period, had such Incentive Compensation been calculated based on the restated amounts, and irrespective of any fault, misconduct or responsibility of Grantee for the Covered Accounting Restatement. It is specifically understood that, to the extent that the impact of the 
 SMRH 4886-6097-0841.1 -6- 
 032623 77SX-341285 

Covered Accounting Restatement on the amount of Incentive Compensation received cannot be calculated directly from the information therein (e.g., if such restatement s impact on the Company s stock price is not clear), such excess amount of Incentive Compensation shall be determined based on a reasonable estimate by the Committee of the effect of the Covered Accounting Restatement on the applicable financial measure (including the stock price or total shareholder return) based upon which the Incentive Compensation was received. The amount of the Incentive Compensation to be recouped shall be determined by the Committee in its sole and absolute discretion and calculated on a pre-tax basis, and the form of such recoupment of Incentive Compensation may be made, in the Committee s sole and absolute discretion, through the forfeiture or cancellation of vested or unvested Awards, cash repayment or both. Incentive Compensation shall be deemed received, either wholly or in part, in the fiscal year during which the financial reporting measure specified in such Incentive Compensation award is attained (or with respect to, or based upon the achievement of, such financial reporting measure, such Incentive Compensation was granted, earned or vested, as applicable), even if the payment, vesting or grant of such Incentive Compensation occurs after the end of such fiscal year. For purposes of this Section 5.23, the Company is deemed to be required to prepare a Covered Accounting Restatement on the earlier of (A) the date upon which the Board or an applicable committee thereof, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare a Covered Accounting Restatement or (B) the date a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare a Covered Accounting Restatement. For the purposes of this Agreement, Incentive Compensation shall mean any compensation (including any Award or any other short-term or long-term cash or equity incentive award or any other payment) that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of any financial reporting measure (i.e., any measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measure that is derived wholly or in part from such measures, including stock price and total shareholder return). For the avoidance of doubt, financial reporting measures include non-GAAP financial measures for purposes of Exchange Act Regulation G and 17 CFR 229.10, as well as other measures, metrics and ratios that are not non-GAAP measures, like same store sales. Financial reporting measures may or may not be included in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and may be presented outside the Company s financial statements, such as in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations or the performance graph. 
 6. Restrictive Covenants . As part of the consideration for the Award granted to Participant hereunder and for other good and valuable consideration and in order to protect the trade secrets and Confidential Information (as defined below) of the Company, its Affiliates and their respective customers and clients that have been and will be entrusted to Participant, the business goodwill of the Company and its Affiliates that will be developed in and through Participant and the business opportunities that will be disclosed or entrusted to Participant by the Company and its Affiliates, Participant agrees as follows 
 1.1 Confidential Information . Participant acknowledges that it is the policy of the Company to maintain as secret and confidential (i) all valuable and unique information, (ii) other information heretofore or hereafter acquired by the Company or any Affiliate thereof and deemed by it to be confidential, and (iii) information developed or used by the Company or any Affiliate thereof relating to the business, operations, employees and or customers of the Company or any Affiliate thereof including, but not limited to, any employee information (all such information described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above, other than information which is known to the public or becomes known to the public through no fault of Participant, is hereinafter referred to as Confidential Information ). The parties hereto recognize that the services performed and to be performed by Participant for the Company and its Affiliates are special and unique and that Participant has acquired and will acquire Confidential Information. 
 SMRH 4886-6097-0841.1 -7- 
 032623 77SX-341285 

Participant recognizes that all such Confidential Information is the property of the Company. Accordingly, Participant shall not, except in the proper performance of Participant s duties to the Company or an Affiliate thereof (as applicable), directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Company, (i) disclose to any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, firm, or other business of whatever nature, other than the Company, and shall use Participant s reasonable best efforts to prevent the publication or disclosure of any Confidential Information obtained by, or which has come to the knowledge of, Participant prior or subsequent to the date hereof and or (ii) use or possess any Confidential Information for any purpose other than on behalf of the Company or an Affiliate and in the proper performance of Participant s duties and responsibilities for the Company. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Participant understands that (A) nothing herein is intended to or will prohibit Participant from filing a charge with, reporting possible violations of law or regulation to, participating in any investigation by, cooperating with, or communicating directly with, or providing information in confidence to, any governmental entity or making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable law or regulation and (B) pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1833(b), (x) Participant will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (I) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (II) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal and (y) if Participant files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company or any of its Affiliates for reporting a suspected violation of law, Participant may disclose trade secrets to his attorney and use trade secret information in the court proceeding, if Participant (I) files any document containing trade secrets under seal and (II) does not disclose trade secrets, except pursuant to court order. 
 1.2 Non-Competition . Participant acknowledges and agrees that Participant s services to the Company and its Affiliates are unique and extraordinary that the Company is and will be dependent upon Participant and that Participant has and will have access to and control of Confidential Information which is vital to the success of the Company s business. Participant further acknowledges that because of Participant s knowledge of Confidential Information it is unlikely that Participant could work for a competitor of the Company without divulging such Confidential Information. For the foregoing reasons, and in consideration for Participant s eligibility to receive the Award hereunder and other good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, Participant hereby agrees that, during the term of Participant s employment with the Company and for a period of one (1) year following Participant s employment with the Company, for any reason (together, the Restricted Period ), Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, either alone or in combination with others, own, control, manage, operate, conduct, engage in, participate in, consult with, perform services for, be employed by, guarantee the debts or obligations of, permit their name to be used by or in connection with, or otherwise carry on, a business (other than through the Company) anywhere in the Restricted Territory that engages in Competitive Activities. As used herein, the Restricted Territory means each state in which the Company operates as of the date of the Participant s termination of employment with the Company and any state where the Company has plans to operate and such plans are known to Participant as of the time of such termination of employment. For purposes of the definition of Restricted Territory, plans means the Company has, prior to such date of such termination of employment, taken material, tangible steps in furtherance of such plans. Competitive Activities means engaging in the business of the Company which, includes, without limitation, (a) the production, generation, distribution, marketing, dispensing, and sale of renewable natural gas RNG as fuel for the heavy-duty truck market (including associated environmental attributes), and (b) the design, development, construction, operation, servicing, and maintenance of RNG and hydrogen fueling stations. 
 1.3 Non-Solicitation of Clients . During the Restricted Period, Participant shall not, for Participant or on behalf of any other Person or entity, directly or indirectly, other 
 SMRH 4886-6097-0841.1 -8- 
 032623 77SX-341285 

than for or on behalf of the Company, (i) contact, solicit, contract with or accept the patronage of any Client of the Company for the purpose of engaging in Competitive Activities, (ii) contact, solicit or contract with any consultant, supplier, client, vendor, referral source or business relation of the Company, for himself or on behalf of any other Person, for any purpose related to Competitive Activities, and or (iii) cause, request, advise or induce, or attempt to cause, request, advise or induce, any consultant, supplier, vendor, customer, prospect, referral source or other business relation of the Company (each a Business Relation ), to withdraw, curtail, cancel, alter, decrease or cease such Business Relation s business with the Company or in any way interfere with the relationship between such Business Relation and the Company. As used herein, Client of the Company means a Person or entity (A) which has paid the Company for products or services within the one (1) year period prior to Participant s last day of employment with the Company, and (B) for which the Participant directly provided services or products while employed by the Company or about whom Participant had access to Confidential Information. 
 1.4 Non-Solicitation of Employees Non-Hire . During the Restricted Period, Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, on their own behalf or on behalf of any other Person or entity (i) solicit for employment, employ or retain the services of (whether as an employee, independent contractor or otherwise) or otherwise interfere with or damage the Company s business relationship with, any individual who was an employee or independent contractor of the Company during Participant s employment with the Company provided, however, that nothing in this Section shall prevent Participant from (1) making general solicitations not targeted at such employees or (2) hiring (A) any employee whose employment has been terminated by the Company, or (B) after one (1) year from the date of termination of employment, any employee whose employment has been terminated by the employee or (ii) use or disclose to any Person or entity any personal information regarding any of the Company s employees or independent contractors, except in connection with Participant s actions as a service provider for or on behalf of the Company. 
 1.5 Intellectual Property . Participant shall promptly and fully disclose all Intellectual Property (as defined below) to the Company, and Participant acknowledges and agrees that all Intellectual Property is the property of the Company. Participant hereby assigns and agrees in the future to assign to the Company Participant s full right, title and interest in and to all Intellectual Property. Participant agrees to provide during and after the term of this Agreement all further cooperation that the Company determines is desirable to accomplish the complete transfer of the Intellectual Property to the Company. All copyrightable works that Participant creates during Participant s employment with the Company shall be considered work made for hire and shall be owned exclusively by the Company. Intellectual Property means any invention, formula, process, discovery, work of authorship, development, design, innovation or improvement made, conceived or first actually reduced to practice by Participant, solely or jointly with others, during Participant s employment with the Company and that (a) is developed using the equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information of the Company or (b) relates at the time of conception or reduction to practice to (i) the business of the Company, (ii) the actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company, or (iii) any work performed by Participant for the Company, or as otherwise may be defined by applicable state statute. 
 1.6 Non-Disparagement . Participant agrees that during the Restricted Period, Participant shall, unless compelled by Law, not make any statements or communications (written, oral or electronically, publicly or privately) that are intended to or would reasonably be expected to disparage the business reputation of the Company, its affiliates, or their shareholders, members, managers, officers, employees, or products or services provided, however, that nothing contained in this Section is intended to impair Participant s right to enforce this Agreement or to make truthful statements in respect of any legal process or pursuant to applicable legal requirements, including in respect of any court filings or truthful testimony as a 
 SMRH 4886-6097-0841.1 -9- 
 032623 77SX-341285 

witness in any court proceeding or governmental investigation or truthful responses to subpoenas or other similar forms of legal process issued by a court of law or government agency having jurisdiction over the matter. Without limitation, the prohibitions contained in this Section apply to statements made anonymously, or under an alias, and include postings made online or via social media, including but not limited to Facebook, LinkedIn, or Twitter. 
 1.7 Reasonableness . Participant agrees that the covenants contained hereunder are a material inducement for the Company to enter into this Agreement with Participant and that the foregoing provisions are reasonable and necessary for the protection of the Company. Each of the covenants contained herein is a separate, distinct and severable obligation. In the event any of such covenants should be held overbroad by a court of competent jurisdiction, the others shall not be affected thereby. The parties hereto intend to provide the Company with the maximum protection possible with respect to its business, employees, customers and vendors. The parties hereto, however, do not intend to include a provision that contravenes the public policy of any state. Therefore, if any provision of this Section is unlawful, against public policy or otherwise declared void, such provision shall not be deemed part of this Agreement, which otherwise shall remain in full force and effect. If, at the time of enforcement of this Agreement, a court, arbitrator or other tribunal holds that the duration, scope or area restriction stated herein is overbroad or unreasonable under the circumstances then existing, the parties hereto agree that such court, arbitrator or other tribunal shall blue-pencil, reform or otherwise modify the provision and enforce the restrictions to the maximum extent it deems reasonable. 
 1.8 Equitable Relief . Participant agrees that it would be impossible to adequately compensate the Company and its Affiliates for the damage suffered by the Company or its Affiliates as a result of Participant s breach of any of the covenants and obligations set forth in this Section. Accordingly, Participant agrees that if Participant breaches any such covenants and obligations, the Company or its Affiliates may, in addition to any other right or remedy available, obtain an injunction from a court of competent jurisdiction restraining such breach or threatened breach and to specific performance of any such provision of this Agreement. Participant further agrees that no bond or other security shall be required in obtaining such equitable relief and Participant hereby consents to the issuance of such injunction and to the ordering of specific performance. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Participant agrees that the Company and its Affiliates shall be entitled to obtain specific performance of the obligations of Participant under this Agreement and immediate injunctive relief in the event any action or proceeding is brought in equity to enforce the same. 
 
 SMRH 4886-6097-0841.1 -10- 
 032623 77SX-341285 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 bdoconsent.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

OPAL Fuels Inc. 
 White Plains, New York 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-267713) of OPAL Fuels Inc. of our report dated March 28, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, which appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 s BDO USA, LLP 
 Stamford, Connecticut 
 
 March 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 opal-10xkcertifications311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Adam Comora, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of OPAL Fuels Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 28, 2023 
 By s Adam Comora Co-Chief Executive Officer (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 opal-10xkcertifications312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Jonathan Maurer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of OPAL Fuels Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 28, 2023 
 By s Jonathan Maurer Co-Chief Executive Officer (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 8
 opal-10xkcertifications313.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.3 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ann Anthony, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of OPAL Fuels Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 28, 2023 
 By s Ann Anthony Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 opal-10xkcertifications321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of OPAL Fuels Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Adam Comora, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 28, 2023 
 s Adam Comora Name Adam Comora Title Co-Chief Executive Officer (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 opal-10xkcertifications322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of OPAL Fuels Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jonathan Maurer, Co-Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 28, 2023 
 s Jonathan Maurer Name Jonathan Maurer Title Co-Chief Executive Officer (Co-Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 11
 opal-10xkcertifications323.htm
 EX-32.3

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.3 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of OPAL Fuels Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ann Anthony, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 28, 2023 
 s Ann Anthony Name Ann Anthony Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 wdq-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 wdq-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 wdq-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 wdq-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 wdq-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

