<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1410172_0001213900-23-024745.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5894612</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>212457</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1183102</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1262660</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1575899</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1499433</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024745.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330171553
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024745
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rubicon Technology, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001410172
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				364419301
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33834
		FILM NUMBER:		23781778

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		900 EAST GREEN STREET
		CITY:			BENSENVILLE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60106
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(847) 295-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		900 EAST GREEN STREET
		CITY:			BENSENVILLE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60106

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024745.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_rubicontech.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______ to
 ______ 

Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 Not applicable 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark if
disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the
filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022, there
were 2,010,177 shares of common stock outstanding held by non-affiliates of the registrant, with an aggregate market value of the common
stock (based upon the closing price of these shares on the NASDAQ Capital Market) of approximately . 

The number of shares of the
registrant s common stock outstanding as of the close of business on February 28, 2023 was . 

Documents incorporated by reference: 

Not applicable. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Item of Form 10-K 
 Page 

Part I 
 1 

1. 
 Business Overview 
 1 
 
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 4 
 
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 11 
 
 2. 
 Properties 
 11 
 
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 11 
 
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 11 

Part II 
 12 

5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 12 
 
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 12 
 
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 13 
 
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 25 
 
 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 25 
 
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 25 
 
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 25 
 
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 26 
 
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 26 

Part III 
 27 

10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 27 
 
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 33 
 
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 36 
 
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 38 
 
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 39 

Part IV 
 40 

15. 
 Exhibits and Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 
 40 
 
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 40 
 
 Signatures 
 41 
 
 Exhibit Index 
 42 

i 

PART I 

All statements, other than
statements of historical facts, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K including statements regarding our estimates, expectations,
beliefs, intentions, projections or strategies for the future, results of operations, financial position, net sales, projected costs,
prospects and plans and objectives of management for future operations may be forward-looking statements within the meaning
of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We have based these forward-looking statements
on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition,
results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives and financial needs. These forward-looking
statements can be identified by the use of terms and phrases such as believe, plan, intend, 
 anticipate, target, estimate, expect, forecast, prospects, 
 goals, potential, likely, and the like, and/or future-tense or conditional constructions such
as will, may, could, should, etc. (or the negative thereof). Items contemplating
or making assumptions about actual or potential future sales, market size and trends or operating results also constitute forward-looking
statements. 

Moreover, we operate in a
very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict
all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may
cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. Before investing in our
common stock, investors should be aware that the occurrence of the risks, uncertainties and events described in the section entitled Risk
Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. These risks and uncertainties include our dependence on key customers; changes in demand or the average selling
prices of sapphire products; the failure to achieve the margins we expect, whether due to our own operations or changes in the market
for our products; the failure of third parties performing services for us to do so successfully; our ability to protect our intellectual
property rights; the competitive environment; and the cost of compliance with environmental standards. Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to known and unknown risks,
including business, economic and other risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to be materially different from those discussed
in these forward-looking statements. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only
as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect
any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, other than as may be required by applicable
law or regulation. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual
results may vary materially from those expected or projected. 

You should read this Annual
Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we reference therein and have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC as exhibits with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and events and circumstances may be
materially different from what we expect. 

Unless otherwise indicated,
the terms Rubicon, the Company, we, us, and our refer to Rubicon
Technology, Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 

Rubicon currently consists
of two subsidiaries, Rubicon Worldwide LLC, doing business as Rubicon Technology Worldwide LLC RTW and Rubicon Technology
BP LLC BP ). In June 2021 the operations of Rubicon DTP LLC, doing business as Direct Dose Rx Direct Dose were discontinued. 

RTW is an advanced materials
provider specializing in monocrystalline sapphire for applications in optical and industrial systems. Sapphire is a desirable material
for high-performance applications due to its hardness and strength, transparency in the visible and infrared spectrum, thermal conductivity,
thermal shock resistance, abrasion resistance, high melting point and chemical inertness. As a result, it is ideally suited for extreme
environments in a range of industries where material durability is just as important as optical clarity. We believe that we continue
to have a reputation as one of the highest quality sapphire sources in the market. We provide optical and industrial sapphire products
and materials in a variety of shapes and sizes. We manage our operations and ship from our owned facility located in Bensenville, Illinois. 

1 

Our sapphire business operates
in a very competitive market. Our ability to expand our optical and industrial business and the acceptance of new product offerings are
difficult to predict. Our total sales backlog was approximately 1,167,100 and 1,735,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

In June 2021 the operations
of Direct Dose Rx were discontinued. The costs associated with such closure were not material. Direct Dose Rx was a specialized pharmacy
that provided prescription medications, over-the-counter drugs and vitamins to patients being discharged from skilled nursing facilities
and hospitals, and directly to retail customers who want such medications delivered to their home. The delivered products were sorted
by the dose, date, and time to be taken, and came in easy-to-use, perforated strip-packaging as opposed to separate pill bottles. Direct
Dose Rx was licensed to operate in 11 states. The services offered by Direct Dose Rx benefited patients, skilled nursing facilities and
hospitals by reducing the risk of hospital readmissions. 

In
August 2022, Janel Corporation Janel completed a tender offer to acquire 1,108,000 shares or 45 of our outstanding common
stock at a price per share of 20.00. The tender offer was made pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in a Stock Purchase and
Sale Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2022, between the Company and Janel (the Purchase Agreement ). The terms and conditions
provided that, immediately after the consummation of the tender offer, the Company pay a cash distribution to all stockholders of 11.00
per share. This cash distribution was made in August 2022 and totaled approximately 27.1 million. As part of the transaction, the Board
of Directors of the Company (the Board of Directors approved Amendment No. 2 to the Rights Agreement dated as of December
18, 2017, between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, regarding the Company s ability to utilize its
U.S. net operating loss NOL carryforwards (the Rights Agreement ). This amendment extended the final expiration
date of the Rights Agreement to September 1, 2025. For more information regarding the Rights Agreement, see Note 8 Stockholder
Rights Agreement to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We have significant NOL carryforwards.
Under federal tax laws, we can carry forward and use our NOLs to reduce our future U.S. taxable income and tax liabilities until such
NOL carryforwards expire in accordance with the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the IRC ). Our NOL carryforwards
provide a benefit to us, if fully utilized, of significant future tax savings. However, our ability to use these tax benefits in future
years will depend upon the amount of our federal and state taxable income. If we do not have sufficient federal and state income in future
years to use the benefits before they expire, we will permanently lose the benefit of the NOL carryforwards. Our ability to use the tax
benefits associated with our NOL carryforwards is dependent upon our generation of future taxable profits and our ability to successfully
identify and consummate suitable acquisitions or investment opportunities. As part of completing the Janel transaction, the Company took
into consideration the impact it would have on the NOL carryforwards, and determined that the transaction would not result in any impairment.
Rubicon is continuing to evaluate opportunities to utilize the NOL carryforwards. 

Rubicon Technology, Inc. 
is a Delaware corporation and was incorporated on February 7, 2001. Our common stock was listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under
the symbol RBCN until it was delisted effective December 30, 2022 (see Item 7 Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information). On January 3, 2023,
our common stock began trading on the OTCQB Capital Market under the symbol RBCN. 

Sapphire INDUSTRY
OVERVIEW 

Sapphire is utilized in optical
and industrial applications. It is used for windows and optics for aerospace, sensor, medical, semiconductor, instrumentation, electronics
and laser applications due to its wide-band transmission, superior strength, chemical and scratch resistance and high strength-to-weight
ratio. 

PRODUCTS

We provide optical
and industrial sapphire products in various shapes and sizes. These optical sapphire products are qualified and used in equipment for
a wide variety of end markets and high-performance applications, including defense and aerospace, specialty lighting, instrumentation,
sensors and detectors, semiconductor process equipment, electronic substrates, medical and laser applications. 

2 

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 

In 2022 and 2021, Rubicon
did not incur any research and development R D expenses and it currently does not have any plans for expenditures
in 2023 related to R D. 

SALES AND MARKETING 

We market and sell through
our direct sales force to customers. Our direct sales team includes experienced and technically sophisticated sales professionals and
engineers who are knowledgeable in the development, manufacturing and use of sapphire windows and other optical materials. 

A key component of our marketing
strategy is developing and maintaining strong relationships with our customers. We achieve this by working closely with our customers
to optimize our products for their production processes. We believe that maintaining close relationships with our customers senior
management and providing technical support improves customer satisfaction. 

CUSTOMERS 

Our principal customers have
been defense subcontractors, industrial manufacturers, fabricators and resellers. A substantial portion of our sales have been to a small
number of customers. In 2022, our top six customers (each 10 or greater of our revenues) accounted for, in the aggregate, approximately
72 of our revenue from our continuing operations and in 2021, the top three customers accounted for approximately 46 of our revenue
from our continuing operations. A customer who had accounted for 22 of revenue from continuing operations in 2021 accounted for only
4 of revenue from continuing operations in 2022. Although we are attempting to diversify and expand our customer base, we expect our
sales to continue to be concentrated among a small number of customers. We also expect that our significant customers may change from
time to time due to various factors. No other customer accounted for 10 or more of our sapphire revenues during 2022 or 2021 other than
those referred to above. 

COMPETITION 

The markets for high-quality
sapphire products are very competitive and have been characterized by rapid technological change. The products we sell must meet certain
demanding requirements to succeed in the marketplace. Although we are a well-established sapphire provider, we face significant competition
from other established providers of similar products as well as from new and potential entrants into our markets. 

ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION 

From time to time, we use
water, oils, slurries, acids, adhesives and other industrial chemicals. We are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws regulating
the discharge of these materials into the environment or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment. These include statutory
and regulatory provisions under which we are responsible for the management of hazardous materials we use and the disposition of hazardous
wastes resulting from our manufacturing processes. Failure to comply with such provisions, whether intentional or inadvertent, could result
in fines and other liabilities to the government or third parties, injunctions requiring us to suspend or curtail operations or other
remedies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. The cost of complying with environmental regulation is not material. 

EMPLOYEES 

As of December 31,
2022, we had 12 full-time employees. None of our employees are represented by a labor union. We consider our employee relations to be
good. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

You may access, free of charge,
our reports filed with the SEC (for example, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Current
Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those forms) over the Internet at the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. You may also
read and copy any document we file at the SEC s public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call
the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. Our SEC filings are also available through our Internet
website (www.rubicontechnology.com). Reports filed with or furnished to the SEC will be available as soon as reasonably practicable after
they are filed with or furnished to the SEC. Alternatively, if you would like a paper copy of any such SEC report (without exhibits) or
document, write to Investor Relations, Rubicon Technology, Inc., 900 East Green Street, Bensenville, Illinois 60106, and a copy of such
requested document will be provided to you, free of charge. The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report
filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. 

3 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

You should carefully read
the risk factors set forth below, together with the financial statements, related notes and other information contained in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Our business is subject to a number of important risks and uncertainties, some of which are described below. The
risks described below, however, are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that
we currently deem to be immaterial may also impair our business operations. Any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Please refer to the discussion of forward-looking statements 
on page one of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in connection with your consideration of the risk factors and other important factors that
may affect future results described below. 

We have incurred significant losses in prior
periods and may incur losses in the future. 

We have incurred significant
losses in prior periods and may incur significant losses in the future. These losses may have an adverse effect on our ability to attract
new customers or retain existing customers. We have incurred net losses of 0.7 million, 1.1 million, 1.1 million, 17.8 million and
 62.9 million in 2021, 2020, 2019, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Although we recorded net income of 0.9 million and 1.0 million in 2022
and 2018, respectively, there can be no assurance that we will achieve profitability in future periods. 

We are exploring, evaluating, and may begin
to implement certain strategic alternatives with a goal of providing greater value to our stockholders. There can be no assurance that
we will be successful in identifying additional strategic alternatives or implementing any strategic alternative, or that any strategic
alternative will yield additional value for stockholders. 

Our management and the Board
of Directors are continuing to review strategic alternatives with a goal of providing greater value to our stockholders. These alternatives
could result in, among other things, modifying or eliminating certain of our operations, selling material assets, seeking additional financing,
selling the business, making investments, effecting a merger, consolidation or other business combination, partnering or other collaboration
agreements, or potential acquisitions or recapitalizations, in one or more transactions. 

There can be no assurance
that our continued exploration of strategic alternatives will result in the identification of additional alternatives or that any transaction
will be consummated. The process of exploring strategic alternatives may be costly and may be time consuming, distracting to management
and disruptive to our business operations. If we are unable to effectively manage the process, our business, financial condition
and results of operations could be adversely affected. We also cannot provide assurance that any potential transaction, investment or
other alternative identified, evaluated and consummated, will provide greater value to our stockholders than that reflected in the current
stock price. Any potential transaction or investment would be dependent upon a number of factors that may be beyond our control, including,
among other factors, market conditions, industry trends and the availability of financing to us on reasonable terms. 

We may acquire other businesses, products or
technologies; if we do, we may be unable to integrate them with our business effectively or at all, which may adversely affect our business,
financial condition and operating results. 

If we find appropriate opportunities
and have adequate funding, we may acquire other businesses, product lines or technologies. However, if we acquire a business, product
line or technology, the process of integration may produce unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and may absorb significant
attention of our management that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development of our business. Further, the acquisition of
a business may result in the assumption of unknown liabilities or create risks with respect to our existing relationships with suppliers
and customers. If we make acquisitions, we may issue shares of stock that dilute other stockholders, expend cash, incur debt, assume contingent
liabilities or create additional expenses related to amortizing intangible assets, any of which may adversely affect our business, financial
condition or operating results. 

4 

If we are unable to raise additional capital
when needed, we may not be able to execute the acquisition of other businesses. 

We may require additional
capital to fund operations, capital expenditures and or the acquisition of other businesses. We may finance future cash needs through
public or private equity offerings, debt financings, corporate collaborations or licensing arrangements. Additional funds may not be available
when we need them on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to delay, reduce
the scope of or eliminate one or more of our acquisition opportunities. To the extent that we raise additional funds by issuing equity
securities, our stockholders may experience dilution, and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants. To the extent
that we raise additional funds through corporate collaborations or licensing arrangements, it may be necessary to relinquish some rights
to our technologies or our new products, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. We may seek to access the public
or private capital markets whenever conditions are favorable, even if we do not have an immediate need for additional capital at that
time. In evaluating whether and how to raise capital, the Company will consider the impact it may have on the ability to utilize its tax
attributes in the future. As a result, the Company may be limited as to the amount of equity it can issue without impairing its tax attributes.
In evaluating whether and how to raise capital, the Company will consider the impact it may have on the ability to utilize its tax attributes
in the future. As a result, the Company may be limited as to the amount of equity it can issue without impairing its tax attributes. 

We believe our existing cash
and cash equivalents, and interest thereon, will be sufficient to fund our projected operating requirements for at least the next twelve
months. However, if our success in generating sufficient operating cash flow or our use of cash in the next twelve months were to significantly
adversely change, we may not have enough funds available to continue operating at our current level in future periods. A limitation of
funds available may raise concerns about our ability to continue to operate. Such concerns may limit our ability to obtain financing and
some customers may not be willing to do business with us. 

Rubicon Technology Worldwide 

We rely on third parties for certain material
and finishing steps for our products, including the slicing and polishing of our sapphire crystal. 

In order to reduce product
costs and improve cash flow, we use third parties for certain material and finishing functions for our products, including the slicing
and polishing of our sapphire crystal inventory. These types of services are only available from a limited number of third parties. Our
ability to successfully outsource these finishing functions will substantially depend on our ability to develop, maintain and expand our
strategic relationship with these third parties. Any impairment in our relationships with the third parties performing these functions,
in the absence of a timely and satisfactory alternative arrangement, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations, cash flow and financial condition. In addition, we do not control any of these third parties or the operation of their
facilities, and we may not be able to adequately manage and oversee the third parties performing our finishing functions. Accordingly,
any difficulties encountered by these third parties that result in product defects, delays or defaults on their contractual commitments
to us could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, their facilities may be vulnerable
to damage or interruption from natural disasters, inclement weather conditions, power loss, acts of terrorism and similar events. A
decision to close a facility without adequate notice as a result of these or other unanticipated problems at the facility could result
in lengthy interruptions in their services to us; and any loss or interruption of these services could significantly increase our expenses,
cause us to default on our obligations to our customers and/or otherwise adversely affect our business. Furthermore, the outsourcing of
our finishing steps, such as slicing and polishing of wafers, may not continue to be available at reasonable prices or on commercially
reasonable terms, or at all. 

5 

Our gross margins could fluctuate as a result
of changes in our product mix and other factors, which may adversely impact our operating results. 

We anticipate that our gross
margins will fluctuate from period to period as a result of the mix of products that we sell in any given period. We are working to increase
sales of higher margin products, introduce new differentiated products and lower our costs. There can be no assurance that we will be
successful in improving our gross margin mix. If we are not successful, our overall gross margin levels and operating results in future
periods would continue to be adversely impacted. Increased competition and the adoption of alternatives to our products, more complex
engineering requirements, lower demand and other factors may lead to a further downward shift in our product margins, leading to price
erosion and lower revenues for us in the future. 

The markets in which we operate are very competitive,
and many of our competitors and potential competitors are larger, more established and better capitalized than we are. 

The markets for selling high-quality
sapphire products are very competitive and have been characterized by broad advancements and changes in technological capabilities. This
competition could result in increased pricing pressure, reduced profit margins, increased sales and marketing expenses, and failure to
increase, or the loss of, market share or expected market share, any of which would likely seriously harm our business, operating results
and financial condition. 

The average selling prices of sapphire
products have historically been volatile and in recent years sapphire product prices have been increasingly depressed. 

Historically, our industry
has experienced volatility in product demand and pricing. However, in the last five years, the sales prices for our sapphire products
have trended downward due to an over-supply of products in the market. In some countries, government programs support sapphire producers
who would otherwise be unprofitable; in such circumstances, sapphire may be sold at prices below cost for an extended period of time,
depressing market prices, to the detriment of our gross margins. This has had a significant adverse impact on our profitability and our
results of operations. Moreover, changes in average selling prices of our products as a result of competitive pricing pressures increased
sales discounts and new product introductions by our competitors could have a significant impact on our profitability. Although we attempt
to optimize our product mix, reduce manufacturing costs and pass along certain increases in costs to our customers in order to lessen
the effect of decreases in selling prices, we may not be able to successfully do so in a timely manner or at all, and our results of operations
and business may be harmed. 

We depend on a few customers for a major portion
of our sales and our results of operations would be adversely impacted if they reduce their order volumes. 

Historically, we have earned,
and believe that in the future we will continue to earn, a substantial portion of our revenue from a small number of customers. In 2022,
our top six customers accounted for, in the aggregate, approximately 72 of our revenue from our continuing operations, and in 2021, our
top three customers accounted for approximately 46 of our revenue from our continuing operations. A customer who had accounted for 22 
of revenue from continuing operations in 2021 accounted for only 4 of revenue from continuing operations in 2022. A loss of one of our
major customers or having a major customer significantly reduce its volume of business with us, could result in materially reduced revenues
and profitability unless we are able to replace such demand with other orders promptly. We expect to continue to be dependent on our major
customers, the number and identity of which may change from period to period. 

We generally sell our products
on the basis of purchase orders. Thus, most of our customers could cease purchasing our products with little or no notice and without
penalties. In addition, delays in product orders could cause our quarterly revenue to vary significantly. A number of factors could cause
our customers to cancel or defer orders, including interruptions to their operations due to a downturn in their industries, natural disasters,
delays in manufacturing their own product offerings into which our products are incorporated, securing other sources for the products
that we manufacture or developing such products internally. 

6 

If we are unable to retain certain existing
personnel, our business could be harmed. 

Our success depends on our
continued ability to retain and motivate highly skilled personnel. Competition for these individuals is intense, and we may not be able
to successfully retain sufficiently qualified personnel. The inability to retain necessary personnel could harm our ability to obtain
new customers and develop new products and could adversely affect our business and operating results. In addition, the loss of the services,
or distraction, of our senior management for any reason could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We are dependent on the continued services
and performances of certain senior management employees such as sales management and the head of operations. 

On December 12, 2022, the
Board of Directors and the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President and Acting Chief Financial Officer, Timothy Brog, mutually
agreed that the Company s operational staffing requirements had changed and that a new Chief Executive Officer was needed. Mr. Brog
remained employed by the Company until January 6, 2023. Mr. Brog s departure was not the result of any disagreements with the Company
on any matters relating to its operations, policies or practices. On February 24, 2023, the Board of Directors appointed Joseph Ferrara
as Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 

Our future success is dependent
on the continued services and contributions of our senior management who must work together effectively in order to design and produce
our products, expand our business, increase our revenue and improve our operating results. The loss of services of our senior management
for any reason could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

The protection of our intellectual property
rights and the defense of claims of infringement against us by third parties may subject us to costly litigation. 

Other companies might allege
that we are infringing certain of their patents or other rights. If we are unable to resolve these matters satisfactorily, or to obtain
licenses on acceptable terms, we may face litigation. Any litigation to enforce patents issued to us, to protect trade secrets or know-how
possessed by us or to defend us or indemnify others against claimed infringement of the rights of others could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and operating results. Regardless of the validity or successful outcome of any such intellectual property
claims, we may need to expend significant time and expense to protect our intellectual property rights or to defend against claims of
infringement by third parties, which could have a material adverse effect on us. If we lose any such litigation where we are alleged to
infringe the rights of others, we may be required to: 

pay substantial damages; 

seek licenses from others; or 

change, or stop manufacturing or selling, some or all of our products. 

Any of these outcomes could
have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We are subject to numerous environmental laws
and regulations, which could expose us to environmental liabilities, increase our manufacturing and related compliance costs or otherwise
adversely affect our business and operating results. 

From time to time, we use
water, oils, slurries, acids, adhesives and other industrial chemicals. We are subject to a variety of foreign, federal, state and local
laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment. These environmental laws and regulations include those relating to the
use, storage, handling, discharge, emission, disposal and reporting of toxic, volatile or otherwise hazardous materials used in our manufacturing
processes. These materials may have been or could be released into the environment at properties currently or previously operated by us,
at other locations during the transport of the materials, or at properties to which we send substances for treatment or disposal. If we
were to violate or become liable under environmental laws and regulations or become non-compliant with permits required at some of our
facilities, we could be held financially responsible and incur substantial costs, including investigation and cleanup costs, fines and
civil or criminal sanctions, third-party property damages or personal injury claims. In addition, new laws and regulations or stricter
enforcement of existing laws and regulations could give rise to additional compliance costs and liabilities. 

7 

RTW s operations are concentrated in
one facility, and the unavailability of this facility could harm our business. 

Our operations are concentrated
in one facility located in Bensenville, Illinois. Should a casualty, natural disaster, inclement weather, an outbreak of disease, power
loss, an act of terrorism or similar event affect the Chicagoland area, our operations could be significantly impacted. We may not be
able to replicate the operations of our Bensenville facility. The disruption from such an event could adversely affect or interrupt entirely
our ability to conduct our business. 

We are dependent on information technology,
and disruptions, failures or security breaches of our information technology infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on our
operations. In addition, increased information technology security threats and more sophisticated computer crime pose a risk to our
systems, networks, products and services. 

We rely on information technology
networks and systems, including the Internet and cloud services, many of which are managed by third parties, to securely process, transmit
and store electronic information of financial, marketing, legal and regulatory nature to manage our business processes and activities.
Although we have implemented enhanced controls around our information technology systems, these systems may be susceptible to damage,
disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases, power outages, hardware failures,
telecommunication failures, user errors, natural disasters, terrorist attacks or other catastrophic events. If any of our significant
information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown, and our disaster recovery and business continuity plans do
not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, our product sales, financial condition and results of operations may be materially
and adversely affected, and we could experience delays in reporting our financial results, or our operations may be disrupted, exposing
us to performance failures with customers. In addition, cybersecurity threats, such as computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers or
other cybersecurity threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity
of our data. There can be no assurance that our security controls and safeguard measures taken to improve our cybersecurity protection
will be sufficient to mitigate all potential risks to our systems, networks and data. Potential consequences of a cybersecurity attack
include disruption to systems, corruption of data, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, reputational
damage, and litigation with third parties. The amount of insurance coverage we maintain may be inadequate to cover claims or liabilities
related to a cybersecurity attack. 

Our NOL carryforwards may expire or could be
substantially limited if we experience an ownership change as defined in the IRC or if changes are made to the IRC. 

We have significant NOL carryforwards.
Under federal tax laws, we can carry forward and use our NOLs to reduce our future U.S. taxable income and tax liabilities until such
NOL carryforwards expire in accordance with the IRC. Our NOL carryforwards provide a benefit to us, if fully utilized, of significant
future tax savings. However, our ability to use these tax benefits in future years will depend upon the amount of our federal and state
taxable income. If we do not have sufficient federal and state income in future years to use the benefits before they expire, we will
permanently lose the benefit of the NOL carryforwards. Our ability to use the tax benefits associated with our NOL carryforwards is dependent
upon our generation of future taxable profits and our ability to successfully identify and consummate suitable acquisitions or investment
opportunities. 

Additionally, Section 382
and Section 383 of the IRC provide an annual limitation on our ability to utilize our NOL carryforwards, as well as certain built-in
losses, against the future U.S. taxable income in the event of a change in ownership, as defined under the IRC. While we have implemented
a stockholder s right plan to protect our NOL carryforwards, there is no assurance that we will not experience a change in ownership
in the future as a result of changes in our stock ownership, and any such subsequent changes in ownership for purposes of the IRC could
further limit our ability to use our NOL carryforwards. 

8 

Under the recently enacted
Tax Cut and Jobs Act, NOLs generated on or after January 1, 2018, could be limited to 80 of taxable income. If other changes were made
to the IRC, they could impact our ability to utilize our NOLs. Accordingly, any such occurrences could adversely affect our financial
condition, operating results and cash flows. 

The Company s
business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price have been adversely affected and could in the future be materially
adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

COVID-19
has spread rapidly throughout the world, prompting governments and businesses to take unprecedented measures in response. Such measures
have included restrictions on travel and business operations, temporary closures of businesses, and quarantines and shelter-in-place orders.
The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly curtailed global economic activity and caused significant volatility and disruption in global
financial markets. The Company maintains a limited staff of full-time employees in skilled technical, non-technical and key management
positions. If employees become infected by the COVID-19 virus we may not be able to maintain normal business operations for an extended
period of time. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic and the measures taken by many countries in response have adversely affected and could in the future materially adversely
impact the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. Following the initial outbreak of the
virus, the Company experienced disruptions to its manufacturing, supply chain and logistical services provided by outsourcing partners,
resulting in temporary supply shortages that affected sales worldwide. The Company is heavily reliant on domestic and foreign supply chains
to operate its businesses. The COVID-19 pandemic may limit and restrict our access to necessary products that are required to operate. 

The
Company is continuing to monitor the situation and take appropriate actions in accordance with the recommendations and requirements of
relevant authorities. The full extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s operational and financial performance
is currently uncertain and will depend on many factors outside the Company s control, including, without limitation, the timing,
extent, trajectory and duration of the pandemic, the development and availability of effective treatments and vaccines, the imposition
of and compliance with protective public safety measures, and the impact of the pandemic on the global economy and demand for consumer
products. Additional future impacts on the Company may include, but are not limited to, material adverse effects on: demand for the Company s
products and services; the Company s supply chain and sales and distribution channels; the Company s ability to execute its
strategic plans; and the Company s profitability and cost structure. 

To
the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock
price, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

RISKS RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR COMMON STOCK

The trading price of our common stock has been
and will likely continue to be volatile due to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, and each of which could adversely
affect our stockholders value. 

Our common stock was listed
on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol RBCN until it was delisted effective December 30, 2022 (see Item 7 
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more
information). On January 3, 2023, our common stock began trading on the OTCQB Capital Market under the symbol RBCN. Factors
related to our Company and our business, as well as broad market and industry factors, may adversely affect the market price of our common
stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. Such factors that could cause fluctuations in our stock price include, among other
things: 

changes in financial guidance or estimates by us, by investors or by any financial analysts who might cover our stock or our industry; 

our ability to meet the performance expectations of financial analysts or investors; 

general market and economic conditions; and 

the size of the public float of our stock. 

9 

Our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and
Delaware law may discourage takeovers and business combinations that our stockholders might consider in their best interests. 

A number of provisions in
our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as amended, as well as anti-takeover provisions of Delaware law, may have the effect of delaying,
deterring, preventing or rendering more difficult a change in control of Rubicon that our stockholders might consider in their best interests.
These provisions include: 

a classified Board of Directors; 

a tax benefit preservation plan designed to preserve our ability to utilize our net operating losses as a result of certain stock ownership changes, which may have the effect of discouraging transactions involving an actual or potential change in our ownership; 

granting to the Board of Directors sole power to set the number of directors and to fill any vacancy on the Board of Directors, whether such vacancy occurs as a result of an increase in the number of directors or otherwise; 

limitations on the ability of stockholders to remove directors; 

the ability of our Board of Directors to designate and issue one or more series of preferred stock without stockholder approval, the terms of which may be determined at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors; 

prohibition on stockholders from calling special meetings of stockholders; 

prohibition on stockholders from acting by written consent; 

establishment of advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations for election to the Board of Directors at stockholder meetings; and 

a requirement that any action taken by the Company or any stockholder that would result in a stockholder owning greater than 49 (an Above 49 Stockholder of the outstanding shares of common stock, would require the approval of a majority of stockholders of the common stock, excluding such Above 49 Stockholder and any entity or person(s) affiliated with such Above 49 Stockholder; 

These provisions may prevent
our stockholders from receiving the benefit from any premium to the market price of our common stock offered by a bidder in a takeover
context. Even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price
of our common stock if they are viewed as discouraging takeover attempts in the future. 

The foregoing provisions
of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as amended, may also make it difficult for stockholders to replace or remove our management.
These provisions may facilitate management entrenchment that may delay, deter, render more difficult or prevent a change in our control,
which may not be in the best interests of our stockholders. 

We are subject to litigation risks, including
securities class action litigation, which may be costly to defend. 

All industries, including
ours, are subject to legal claims, including securities litigation. When the market price of a stock declines significantly, due to factors
such as trends in the stock market in general, broad market and industry fluctuations or operating performance, holders of that stock
have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. This sort of litigation can be
particularly costly and may divert the attention of our management and our resources in general. We have been subject to securities class
action litigation in the past, as disclosed in our previous filings with the SEC. Due to the inherent uncertainty of the litigation process,
the resolution of any particular legal claim or proceeding (including by settlement) could have a material effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows. Further, uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of securities or
other litigation could harm our ability to obtain credit and financing for our operations and to compete in the marketplace. 

10 

Our Board of Directors may declare or pay any
dividends to our stockholders in the foreseeable future. 

The declaration, payment
and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other things,
the results of our operations, cash flows and financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and other factors the Board of
Directors considers relevant. Historically, the Company has never declared or paid cash dividends on its common stock. At the end of August
2022, the Company returned 27,092,000 of capital to its shareholders. At the time of the distribution, the Company had an accumulated
deficit of approximately 331 million. The Company accounted for the distribution as a reduction of additional paid in capital (see Item
7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
for more information). The Company may decide to make similar distributions or declare cash dividends in the future, but there is no assurance
that the Company will do so. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Disclosure under this item is not required, as
the registrant is a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

All of our sapphire operations
and certain of our executive functions are located in our Bensenville, Illinois, 30,000 square-foot facility that we purchased in September
2018. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into a business loan agreement and promissory note in the amount of
 1,620,000, which is secured by the property. For more information regarding the business loan agreement and promissory note, see Note
1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

On September 19, 2022, the
Company completed the sale of a parcel of land located in Batavia, Illinois pursuant to the terms and conditions of the agreement of sale,
dated as of February 7, 2022. The selling price for the property was 722,000. The Company realized net proceeds of approximately 600,000
after the payment of real estate taxes, brokerage and legal fees, transfer taxes and other expenses. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we, our
subsidiaries and/or our directors and officers may be named in claims arising in the ordinary course of business. Management believes
that there are no pending legal proceedings involving us or any of our subsidiaries that will, individually or in the aggregate, have
a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition. 

There are no outstanding
material matters as of December 31, 2022 and through the date of this filing. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

11 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock was listed
on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol RBCN until it was delisted effective December 30, 2022 (see Item 7 
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more
information). On January 3, 2023, our common stock began trading on the OTCQB Capital Market under the symbol RBCN. The
following table sets forth the high and low sales prices for our common stock as reported on those markets for the periods indicated: 

High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 

First Quarter 
 9.39 
 8.61 
 
 Second Quarter 
 9.68 
 8.58 
 
 Third Quarter 
 17.74 
 2.14 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 2.39 
 1.26 

High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 

First Quarter 
 11.84 
 9.18 
 
 Second Quarter 
 11.92 
 9.42 
 
 Third Quarter 
 11.00 
 8.60 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 10.75 
 8.65 

Holders 

As of February 28, 2023,
our common stock was held by approximately 12 stockholders of record and there were 2,410,265 shares of our common stock outstanding. 

Dividend Policy 

Historically, the Company
has never declared or paid cash dividends on its common stock. At the end of August 2022, the Company returned 27,092,000 of capital
to its shareholders. At the time of the distribution, the Company had an accumulated deficit of approximately 330 million. The Company
accounted for the distribution as a reduction of additional paid in capital (see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. The Company may decide to make
similar distributions or declare cash dividends in the future. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

Disclosure under this item
is not required as the registrant is a smaller reporting company. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

In November 2018, the Board
of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to 3,000,000 of shares of the Company s common stock. As of July 2020, the Company
had repurchased 3,000,000 of shares of the Company s common stock. 

On December 14, 2020, the
Board of Directors authorized an additional 3,000,000 for the repurchase of the Company s common stock. On July 5, 2022 the Company
announced that it had entered into the Purchase Agreement with Janel, pursuant to which Janel would commence a cash tender offer to purchase
up to 45 of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock on a fully-diluted basis at a price of 20.00 per share. The transaction
was subsequently consummated in August 2022. Pursuant to the terms of the Company s share repurchase program, the Janel transaction
resulted in the automatic termination of the program. 

There was no share repurchase
activity during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

12 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our financial statements and related notes
appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve
risks, uncertainties and assumptions. You should review the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for
a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the
forward-looking statements described in the following discussion and analysis. 

OVERVIEW 

Rubicon currently consists of two subsidiaries,
Rubicon Worldwide LLC, doing business as RTW, and Rubicon Technology BP LLC. In June 2021, the operations of Rubicon DTP LLC, doing business
as Direct Dose Rx were discontinued. 

RTW is an advanced materials
provider specializing in monocrystalline sapphire for applications in optical and industrial systems. Sapphire is a desirable material
for high-performance applications due to its hardness and strength, transparency in the visible and infrared spectrum, thermal conductivity,
thermal shock resistance, abrasion resistance, high melting point and chemical inertness. As a result, it is ideally suited for extreme
environments in a range of industries where material durability is just as important as optical clarity. We believe that we continue
to have a reputation as one of the highest quality sapphire sources in the market. We provide optical and industrial sapphire products
in a variety of shapes and sizes. We manage our operations and ship from our owned facility located in Bensenville, Illinois. 

Our sapphire business operates
in a very competitive market. Our ability to expand our optical and industrial business and the acceptance of new product offerings are
difficult to predict. Our total sales backlog was approximately 1,167,100 and 1,735,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

In June 2021 the operations
of Direct Dose Rx were discontinued. The costs associated with such closure were not material. Direct Dose Rx was a specialized pharmacy
that provided prescription medications, over-the-counter drugs and vitamins to patients being discharged from skilled nursing facilities
and hospitals and directly to retail customers who want such medications delivered to their home. The delivered products were sorted by
the dose, date, and time to be taken, and came in easy-to-use, perforated strip-packaging as opposed to separate pill bottles. Direct
Dose Rx was licensed to operate in 11 states. The services offered by Direct Dose Rx benefited patients, skilled nursing facilities and
hospitals by reducing the risk of hospital readmissions. 

In
August 2022, Janel completed a tender offer to acquire 1,108,000 shares or 45 of our outstanding common stock at a price per share of
 20.00. The tender offer was made pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement. The terms and conditions provided
that, immediately after the consummation of the tender offer, the Company pay a cash distribution to all stockholders of 11.00 per share.
This cash distribution was made in August 2022 and totaled approximately 27.1 million. As part of the transaction, the Board of Directors
approved Amendment No. 2 to the Rights Agreement, regarding the Company s ability to utilize its NOL carryforwards. This amendment
extended the final expiration date of the Rights Agreement to September 1, 2025. For more information regarding the Rights Agreement,
see Note 8 Stockholder Rights Agreement to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

13 

We have significant NOL carryforwards.
Under federal tax laws, we can carry forward and use our NOLs to reduce our future U.S. taxable income and tax liabilities until such
NOL carryforwards expire in accordance with the IRC. Our NOL carryforwards provide a benefit to us, if fully utilized, of significant
future tax savings. However, our ability to use these tax benefits in future years will depend upon the amount of our federal and state
taxable income. If we do not have sufficient federal and state income in future years to use the benefits before they expire, we will
permanently lose the benefit of the NOL carryforwards. Our ability to use the tax benefits associated with our NOL carryforwards is dependent
upon our generation of future taxable profits and our ability to successfully identify and consummate suitable acquisitions or investment
opportunities. As part of completing the Janel transaction, the Company took into consideration the impact it would have on the NOL carryforwards,
and determined that the transaction would not result in any impairment. Rubicon is continuing to evaluate opportunities to utilize the
NOL carryforwards. 

Rubicon Technology, Inc. 
is a Delaware corporation and was incorporated on February 7, 2001. Our common stock historically was listed on the Nasdaq Capital
Market. On December 13, 2022, the Company notified The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq of its decision to voluntarily delist
its common stock from the Nasdaq Capital Market, and on December 23, 2022, filed a Form 25 with the SEC. The delisting of the Company s
common stock became effective on December 30, 2022. On January 3, 2023, the Company s common stock began trading on the OTCQB Capital
Market under the symbol RBCN. 

The Board of Directors has
determined that the voluntary delisting of the Company s common stock from the Nasdaq Capital Market was in the best interests of
the Company and its stockholders. The decision of the Board of Directors was based on careful review of several factors, including the
benefits to the Company of eliminating the expenses of being listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market and the costs associated with it, as
well as eliminating the demands on management s time of complying with the Nasdaq listing standards. On March 10, 2023, the Company
commenced filing with the SEC post-effective amendments to various registration statements on Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-167272 and 333-192536)
and Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-147552, 333-180211 and 333-213025) to remove from registration any and all securities registered but unsold
under each of the registration statements as of the date of the relevant post-effective amendment. On March 28, 2023, the Board of
Directors determined that the voluntary deregistration from the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act ), was in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. Further,
on or about March 30, 2023, the Company intends to file a Form 15 with the SEC to suspend the Company s reporting obligations under
Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Upon the filing of the Form 15, the Company's obligation to file periodic reports with the SEC,
including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, will be suspended immediately. 

Historically, we have earned,
and believe that in the future we will continue to earn, a substantial portion of our revenue from a small number of customers. For the
year ended December 31, 2022, we had six customers individually that accounted for approximately 15 , 12 , 12 , 11 , 11 , and 11 
of our revenue from our continuing operations. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had three customers individually that accounted
for approximately 22 , 12 , and 12 of our revenue from our continuing operations. The customer who had accounted for 22 of revenue from
continuing operations in 2021 accounted for only 4 of revenue from continuing operations in 2022. Our principal customers have been defense
subcontractors, industrial manufacturers, fabricators and resellers. Although we are attempting to diversify and expand our customer base,
we expect our sales to continue to be concentrated among a small number of customers. We also expect that our significant customers may
change from time to time. No other customer accounted for 10 or more of our revenues from our continuing operations during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 other than those referred to above. 

We sell our products on a
global basis. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the North American and other markets accounted for 82 and 18 of our revenue,
respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the North American and other markets accounted for 90 and 10 of our revenue
of continuing operations, respectively. All our revenue and corresponding accounts receivable are denominated in U.S. dollars. For more
information about our revenues by geographic region, see Note 2 Segment Information of our Consolidated Financial Statements included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Financial operations 

Revenue. RTW s
revenue consists of sales of optical and industrial sapphire products sold as blanks or polished windows. Products are made to varying
specifications, such as crystal planar orientations and thicknesses. We expect that in future periods our revenue will continue to be
primarily from the sale of optical materials. We recognize revenue once the performance obligation is satisfied, when the product is manufactured
to the customer s specification and based upon shipping terms, title, and control of the product and risk of loss transfer to the
customer. Delays in product orders or changes to the timing of shipments could cause our quarterly revenue to vary significantly. All
of our revenue and corresponding accounts receivable are denominated in U.S. dollars. Substantially all our revenue is generated by our
direct sales team and we expect this to continue in the future. 

14 

Cost of goods sold .
Our cost of goods sold consists primarily of manufacturing materials, labor, manufacturing related overhead such as utilities, depreciation,
rent, provisions for excess and obsolete inventory reserves, idle plant and other variance charges, outsourcing costs, freight and warranties.
We purchase materials and supplies to support current and future demand for our products. We are subject to variations in the cost of
consumable assets from period to period because we do not have long-term fixed-price agreements with our suppliers. We currently outsource
a material amount of our production processes and needs. 

Gross profit (loss). Our
gross profit (loss) has been and will continue to be affected by a variety of factors, including average sales prices of our products,
product mix, and our ability to reduce costs. 

General and administrative
expenses. General and administrative expenses G A consist primarily of compensation and associated costs
for employees in finance, information technology and administrative activities, charges for accounting, legal services, insurance and
stock-based compensation. 

Sales and marketing expenses. Sales
and marketing expenses consist primarily of salaries and associated costs for employees engaged in sales activities. 

(Gain) loss on sale or
disposal of assets . (Gain) loss on sale or disposal of assets represents the difference between the amount of proceeds from sale of
our property, equipment and consumable assets and their respective net book values. When the amount of proceeds exceeds the net book value
of an underlying asset, we record this favorable variance as a gain on sale or disposal of assets. Alternatively, when the net book value
of an asset exceeds the amount of proceeds recovered from sale or disposal of this asset, such unfavorable variance is recorded as a loss
on sale or disposal of assets. 

Other gain. Other gain includes the settlement
of liabilities for amounts that were less than amounts originally recorded and compensation received for an easement right. 

Other income (expense). Other
income (expense) consists of interest income, interest expense, gains and losses on investments, and grant revenue. 

Provision for income tax. We
account for income taxes under the asset and liability method whereby the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between
the book value and the tax basis of assets and liabilities are recognized as deferred tax assets and liabilities, using enacted tax rates
in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to be recognized. Our analysis of ownership changes that limit the utilization
of our NOL carryforwards as of December 31, 2022, shows no impact on such utilization. We are in a cumulative loss position for the
past three years which is considered significant negative evidence that is difficult to overcome on a more likely than not 
standard through objectively verifiable data. Based on an evaluation in accordance with the accounting standards, as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, a valuation allowance has been recorded against the net U.S deferred tax assets in order to measure only the portion of
the deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized based on the weight of all the available evidence. Until an appropriate
level of sustained profitability is attained, we expect to maintain a full valuation allowance on our U.S. net deferred tax assets. Any
U.S tax benefits or tax expense recorded on the Consolidated Statement of Operations will be offset with the corresponding adjustment
from the use of the NOL carryforward asset which currently has a full valuation allowance. In the event that we change our determination
as to the amount of deferred tax assets that can be realized, we will adjust our valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the
provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made. 

Stock-based compensation. The
majority of our stock-based compensation relates primarily to our Board of Directors, executive and administrative personnel and is accounted
for as a G A expense. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our stock-based compensation expense was 182,000 and 371,000,
respectively. 

15 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following table sets
forth our consolidated statements of continuing operations for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in thousands) 

Revenue 
 3,587 
 4,061 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 2,147 
 2,798 
 
 Gross profit 
 1,440 
 1,263 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 
 2,346 
 2,130 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 136 
 210 
 
 Gain on sale or disposal of assets 
 (1,410 
 (613 
 
 Other gain 
 (217 

Total operating expenses 
 855 
 1,728 
 
 Income (loss) from continuing operations 
 585 
 (464 
 
 Other income 
 334 
 5 
 
 Income (loss) before income taxes from continuing operations 
 919 
 (459 
 
 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes 
 16 
 (271 
 
 Income tax expense 

Net income (loss) 
 935 
 (730 

The following table sets forth our statements
of operations as a percentage of total revenue for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 
 100 
 100 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 60 
 69 
 
 Gross profit 
 40 
 31 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 
 65 
 52 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 4 
 5 
 
 Gain on sale or disposal of assets 
 (39 
 (15 
 
 Other gain 
 (6 

Total operating expenses 
 24 
 42 
 
 Income (loss) from continuing operations 
 16 
 (11 
 
 Other income 
 9 

Income (loss) before income taxes from continuing operations 
 25 
 (11 
 
 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes 
 
 (7 
 
 Income tax expense 

Net income (loss) 
 25 
 (18 

Comparison of years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenue. Revenue from
continuing operations was 3,587,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 4,061,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a
decrease of 474,000. This decrease in revenue was primarily due to the reduction in revenue from a major customer, offset by increased
revenue from the remaining customer base. 

16 

Revenue from discontinued
operations was 0 and 370,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This decrease of 370,000 was due to the
discontinuation of operations in June 2021. 

Gross profit (loss). Gross
profit from continuing operations was 1,440,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 1,263,000 for the year ended December 31,
2021, an increase of 177,000. The increase was due to an improvement in production variances and an increased use of inventory that had
previously been reserved, offset by a reduction in overall revenues. 

Gross profit from discontinued
operations was 0 and 33,000, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This decrease of 33,000 was due to the discontinuation
of operations. 

General and administrative
expenses. General and administrative expenses from continuing operations were 2,346,000 and 2,130,000 for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 216,000. The increase was due to an increase in legal and consulting fees of 547,000, related
to the Company s exploration of strategic alternatives, including the Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.
This was offset by a reduction of 208,000 in employee compensation, 58,000 in insurance expense, 27,000 in licenses and fees, and 38,000
in other general and administrative expenses. 

General and administrative
expenses from discontinued operations were 0 and 285,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This decrease
of 285,000 was due to the discontinuation of operations. 

Sales and marketing expenses. Sales
and marketing expenses from continuing operations were 136,000 and 210,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
a decrease of 74,000. This was primarily due to a decrease in staffing. 

Sales and marketing expenses
from discontinued operations were 0 and 10,000, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This decrease of 10,000
was due to the discontinuation of operations. 

Gain on sale or disposal
of assets. The gain on sale or disposal of assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,410,000, an increase of 797,000 over
the gain of 613,000 recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. The gain in 2022 includes a gain on the sale of equipment and excess
consumable assets of 1,332,000, and a gain on the sale of the Company s parcel of land located in Batavia, Illinois of 78,000.
The gain in 2021 was entirely from the sale of excess consumable assets. 

The Company recorded a loss
on the sale of assets from discontinued operations of 9,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Other gain. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company settled liabilities that were accrued in prior years, resulting in a gain of approximately
 189,000, and received 28,000 from the Illinois Toll Authority as compensation for an easement right. 

Other income (expense). Other
income from continuing operations was 334,000 and 5,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase
of 329,000. This increase was primarily due to the recognition of 250,000 of grant revenues (see Item 7 Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates of this Annual Report on Form
10-K for more information), as well as an increase in interest income of 100,000 due to rising interest rates and realized gains on the
Company s marketable securities of 18,000, offset by 39,000 of interest expense. 

Income tax (expense) benefit.
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States. On an annual basis, we assess the recoverability of deferred tax assets and the
need for a valuation allowance. For the year ended December 31, 2022, a valuation allowance has been included in the 2022 forecasted
effective tax rate. At December 31, 2022, we continue to be in a three-year cumulative loss position; therefore, as of December 31,
2022, we maintained a full valuation allowance on our United States net deferred tax assets and until an appropriate level of profitability
is attained, we expect to maintain a full valuation allowance going forward. In the event that we change our determination as to the amount
of deferred tax assets that can be realized, we will adjust our valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the provision for income
taxes in the period in which such determination is made. 

17 

On December 22, 2017, the
U.S. enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Act which, among other provisions, reduced the U.S. corporate tax rate from
35 to 21 effective January 1, 2018. The SEC issued guidance, Staff Accounting Bulletin 118, on accounting for the tax effects of the
Act. The guidance allowed us to record provisional amounts for those impacts, with the requirement that the accounting be completed in
a period not to exceed one year from the date of enactment. We have completed our accounting for the tax effects of the enactment of the
Act. The deemed inclusion from the repatriation tax was 5.0 million at the time the calculation was finalized for the tax return. As
we are in a full valuation allowance position (as described above), an equal benefit adjustment was recorded for the impact of the increase
of the deemed repatriation tax. The tax provision for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is based on an estimated combined statutory
effective tax rate. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2022, we recorded a tax expense of 0 and 0, respectively, for an
effective tax rate of 0.0 and 0.0 , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the difference between our effective
tax rate and the U.S. federal 21 statutory rate and state 7.4 (net of federal benefit) statutory rate was primarily related to the change
in our U.S. NOL valuation allowances and U.S. R D credit. 

At December 31, 2022,
we had separate Federal, Illinois and Indiana NOL carryforwards of 189 million, 181 million, and 723,000, respectively. The Federal
NOLs will begin to expire in 2026, the Illinois NOLs will begin to expire in 2024, and the Indiana NOLs will begin to expire in 2039.
With the adoption of ASU 2016-09 in 2017, we recorded a deferred tax asset related to 26,400,000 of unrecorded Federal and State NOLs
attributable to stock option exercises. NOLs attributable to the stock option exercise were fully offset by the valuation allowance (as
described above). We have recorded an uncertain tax position of 2,600,000 that further reduces the net operating loss deferred tax assets
reported in the financial statements. In addition, at December 31, 2022, we had Federal research and development credits of 662,000,
which will begin to expire in 2028. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

We have historically funded
our operations using a combination of issuances of common stock and cash generated from our operations. However, during the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company entered into a business loan agreement and promissory note in the amount of 1,620,000. For more information
regarding the business loan agreement and promissory note, see Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our Consolidated
Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had cash and cash equivalents totaling 1,590,000, including cash of 1,584,000 held in deposits at major banks and 6,000 invested
in money market funds. 

As of December 31, 2021,
we had cash equivalents and short-term investments totaling 26,011,000, including cash of 8,123,000 held in deposits at major banks,
 3,137,000 invested in money market funds and 14,751,000 of short-term investments in U.S. Treasury securities. 

The Company currently has
no plans for material capital expenditures. 

Cash flows from operating activities 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, cash used in operating activities of continuing operations was 521,000. The Company generated a net income of 919,000, including
non-cash items of 1,315,000, and a decrease in cash from an increase in net working capital of 125,000. The net working capital increase
was primarily driven by an increase in grants receivable of 250,000, a decrease in accrued payroll of 298,000, and a decrease in corporate
income and franchise taxes and accrued real estate taxes of 33,000, offset by a decrease in inventories of 145,000, a decrease in prepaid
assets and other current assets of 158,000, a decrease in accounts receivable of 41,000, an increase in accounts payable of 12,000
and an increase in accrued and other current liabilities and advance payments of 100,000. 

There was no cash used in
or provided by discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

18 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, cash used in operating activities of continuing operations was 61,000. The Company generated a net loss of 459,000, including
non-cash items of 102,000, and an increase in cash from a decrease in net working capital of 500,000. The net working capital decrease
was primarily driven by a decrease in inventories of 356,000, was a decrease in prepaid assets and other current assets of 108,000,
and an increase in accrued payroll of 215,000. Additionally, there was an increase in accounts receivable of 236,000, which was the
result of an increase in 3 rd party trade receivables of 447,000 offset by a 211,000 decrease in amounts due from Direct Dose
Rx. 

Cash used in discontinued
operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 262,000 was primarily the result of a net loss from discontinued operations of 271,000,
as well as a decrease in inventories of 59,000 and an increase in accounts payable of 29,000. There was also a decrease in 3 rd 
party trade receivables of 113,000, as well as a decrease in amounts owed to Rubicon of 211,000. 

Cash flows from investing activities 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, net cash provided from investing activities of continuing operations of 16,722,000 was comprised of proceeds from the sale
of property and excess equipment and consumable assets of 1,954,000, as well as proceeds from the sale of investments of 15,823,000,
offset by investment purchases of 1,055,000. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, net cash provided from investing activities of continuing operations of 640,000 was from the sale of excess equipment and consumable
assets. 

Cash flows from financing activities 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities of continuing operations was 25,751,000, resulting from a return of shareholder capital
of 27,092,000 and cash used to settle net equity awards of 210,000, and mortgage loan principal payments of 9,000, offset by proceeds
from the mortgage, net of escrow funding and loan costs, of 1,560,000. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, net cash used in financing activities of continuing operations was 187,000, resulting from cash used to settle net equity awards
of 187,000. 

Future liquidity requirements 

We believe that our existing
cash, cash equivalents, anticipated cash flows from operating activities and proceeds from sales or leases of fixed assets will be sufficient
to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next twelve months. However, if our ability to generate sufficient operating cash
flow or our use of cash in the next twelve months were to significantly adversely change, we may not have enough funds available to continue
operating at our current level in future periods. Our cash needs include cash required to fund our operations. If the assumptions underlying
our business plan regarding future revenues and expenses change, or if unexpected opportunities or needs arise, we may seek to raise additional
cash by selling equity or convertible debt securities. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt
securities, the percentage ownership of our stockholders could be significantly diluted, and these newly issued securities may have rights,
preferences or privileges senior to those of existing stockholders. In evaluating whether and how to raise capital, the Company will consider
the impact it may have on the ability to utilize its tax attributes in the future. As a result, the Company may be limited as to the amount
of equity it can issue without impairing its tax attributes. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

The preparation of financial
statements in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires us to make estimates, assumptions and
judgments that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and the accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical
experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable. Although these estimates are based on our present best knowledge
of the future impact on the Company of current events and actions, actual results may differ from these estimates, assumptions and judgments. 

19 

We consider to be critical
those accounting policies that require our most subjective or complex judgments, which often result from a need to make estimates about
the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain, and that are among the most important of our accounting policies in the portrayal
of our financial condition and results of operations. We believe the following to be our critical accounting policies, including the more
significant estimates and assumptions used in preparation of our financial statements. 

Revenue recognition. 

We recognize revenue in accordance
with ASC Topic 606, Revenue From Contracts with Customers Topic 606 which was adopted on January 1, 2018. We recognize
revenue when performance obligations under a purchase order or signed quotation are satisfied. Our business practice commits us to manufacture
and deliver product upon acceptance of a customer s purchase order or signed quotation agreement ). The agreement
with the customer includes specifications of the product to be delivered, price, expected ship date and payment terms. Our agreements
generally do not contain variable, financing, rights of return or non-cash components. There are no up-front costs to develop the production
process. The performance obligation is satisfied at the point in time (single performance obligation) when the product is manufactured
to the customer s specification, as performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to us. Accordingly, revenue is
recognized when product is shipped, and control of the product, title and risk of loss transfer to a customer. We grant credit terms considering
normal collection risk. If there is doubt about collection, full prepayment for the order is required. Any payments received prior to
shipment are recorded as deferred revenue and included in Advance Payments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

We do not provide maintenance
or other services and we do not have sales that involve multiple elements or deliverables. 

All of our revenue is denominated in U.S. dollars. 

Inventory valuation 

We value our inventory at
the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is determined based on an estimated selling price in the ordinary course
of business less reasonably predictable costs of completion and disposal. Raw materials cost is determined using the first-in, first-out
method, and work-in-process and finished goods costs are determined on a standard cost basis which includes materials, labor and overhead.
We establish inventory reserves when conditions exist that suggest inventory may be in excess of anticipated demand or is obsolete based
on customer required specifications. We evaluate the ability to realize the value of our inventory based on a combination of factors,
including forecasted sales, estimated current and future market value and changes in customers product specifications. For the
year ended December 31, 2022, there was a reduction in excess or obsolete inventory of 697,000, which was attributable to consumed
inventory which had previously been reserved. For the year ended December 31, 2021, there was a reduction in excess or obsolete inventory
of 159,000, which was attributable to consumed inventory which had previously been reserved. In addition, in 2022 we sold inventory that
was valued at the lower of cost or market, resulting in a reduction in both the lower of cost or market inventory and the related reserve
of 17,000. In 2021, we sold inventory that was valued at the lower of cost or market, resulting in a reduction in both the lower of cost
or market inventory and the related reserve of 27,000. The excess and obsolete inventory reserve at December 31, 2022 was 7,052,000
compared to 7,749,000 at December 31, 2021. 

We did not record any additional
write-downs of consumable inventories for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

We did not record any additional
adjustments of raw materials for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as we sold some of such raw materials at a price exceeding
its book value. 

Our method of estimating
excess and obsolete inventory has remained consistent for all periods presented. If our recognition of excess or obsolete inventory is,
or if our estimates of our inventory s potential utility become, less favorable than currently expected, additional inventory reserves
will be made as required. 

20 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company made the determination that raw material inventories were such that the likelihood of significant usage within the current
year was doubtful and reclassified such raw material inventories as non-current in the reported financial statements. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, an additional 301,000 of current inventory was reclassified as non-current. Also, during the year ended December 31,
2022, there were sales of non-current inventory totaling 95,000. 

We determine our normal plant
capacity and record as an expense the costs attributable to lower utilization of that capacity. For the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, such expenses were 65,000 and 99,000, respectively. 

Investments 

When the Company invests
its available cash, it primarily invests in U.S. Treasury securities, investment grade commercial paper, FDIC guaranteed certificates
of deposit, common stock, equity-related securities and corporate notes. Investments classified as available-for-sale debt securities
are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Investments in equity
securities are reported at fair value, with both realized and unrealized gains and losses recorded in other income (expense), in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations. Investments in which we have the ability and intent, if necessary, to liquidate in order to support our current
operations are classified as short-term. 

We review our available-for-sale
debt securities investments at the end of each quarter for other-than-temporary declines in fair value based on the specific identification
method. We consider various factors in determining whether an impairment is other-than-temporary, including the severity and duration
of the impairment, changes in underlying credit ratings, forecasted recovery, our ability and intent to hold the investment for a period
of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value and the probability that the scheduled cash payments will continue
to be made. When we conclude that an other-than-temporary impairment has resulted, the difference between the fair value and carrying
value is written off and recorded as a charge on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no
such investments, and no impairment was recorded as of December 31, 2021. 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

We estimate the allowance
for doubtful accounts based on an assessment of the collectability of specific customer accounts. The determination of risk for collection
is assessed on a customer-by-customer basis considering our historical experience and expected future orders with the customer, changes
in payment patterns and recent information we have about the current status of our accounts receivable balances. If we determine that
a specific customer is a risk for collection, we provide a specific allowance for credit losses to reduce the net recognized receivable
to the amount we reasonably believe will be collected. If a receivable is deemed uncollectible, and the account balance differs from the
allowance provided, the specific amount is written off to bad debt expense. We believe that based on the customers to whom we sell and
the nature of our agreements with them, our estimates are reasonable. Our method of estimating collectability has remained consistent
for all periods presented and with past collections experience. 

Grants receivable and grant revenue 

Section 2301 of the Coronavirus
Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) and its subsequent amendments in sections 206 and 207 of the Taxpayer Certainty and
Disaster Tax Relief Act of 2020, provides for a refundable payroll tax credit (Employee Retention Credit or ERC) to eligible employers
with less than 500 employees who paid qualified wages after March 12, 2020, and before June 30, 2021. During the quarter ended June 30,
2022, the Company determined that although it did not meet the eligibility conditions during the period beginning March 12, 2020, and
ending December 31, 2020, it did qualify to claim the ERC for the periods ending March 31, 2021, and June 30, 2021. As such, the
Company recorded Grant Revenue and Grants Receivable of approximately 250,000 related to its pending ERC claim analogous to ASC Subtopic
958-605. Since the Company does not expect to receive the funds for the ERC claim for at least twelve months, the receivable has
been classified as a non-current asset on its balance sheet. 

21 

Assets held for sale and long-lived assets 

When circumstances, such
as adverse market conditions, indicate that the carrying value of a long-lived asset may be impaired, we perform an analysis to review
the recoverability of the asset s carrying value using estimates of the undiscounted cash flows (excluding interest charges) from
the expected future operations of the asset. These estimates consider factors such as expected future operating income, operating trends
and prospects, as well as the effects of demand, competition and other factors. If the analysis indicates that the carrying value is not
recoverable from future cash flows, an impairment loss is recognized to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair
value. The estimated fair value of assets is determined using appraisal techniques which assume the highest and best use of the asset
by market participants, considering the use of the asset that is physically possible, legally permissible, and financially feasible at
the measurement date. Any impairment losses are recorded as operating expenses, which reduce net income. 

On September 19, 2022, the
Company completed the sale of its parcel of land located in Batavia, Illinois pursuant to the terms and conditions of the agreement of
sale, dated as of February 7, 2022. The selling price for the property was 722,000. The Company realized net proceeds of approximately
 600,000 after the payment of real estate taxes, brokerage and legal fees, transfer taxes and other expenses. This property was classified
as current assets held for sale at December 31, 2021. 

Stock-based compensation 

We grant stock-based compensation
in the form of stock options, restricted stock units RSUs and restricted stock. We expense stock options based upon the
fair value on the date of grant. We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of stock options. The determination
of the fair value of stock-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model is affected by assumptions regarding
a number of complex and subjective variables. These variables include our expected stock volatility over the term of the awards, actual
and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors, risk-free interest rates, forfeitures and expected dividends. 

The expected term represents
the weighted-average period that our stock options are expected to be outstanding and is based upon five years of historical data. We
estimate the volatility of our common stock based on a five-year historical stock price. We base the risk-free interest rate that we use
in the option pricing model on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with remaining terms similar to the expected term on the options. We do
not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and, therefore, use an expected dividend yield of zero in the option
pricing model. We are required to estimate forfeitures at the time of grant and revise those estimates in subsequent periods if actual
forfeitures differ from those estimates. The current forfeiture rate of 36.13 was based on our past history of forfeitures. 

All stock options are granted
at an exercise price per share equal to the closing market price of our common stock on the last market trading day prior to the date
of grant. Therefore, there is no intrinsic value because the exercise price per share of each option was equal to the fair value of the
common stock on the date of grant. 

We used a Monte Carlo simulation
model valuation technique to determine the fair value of RSUs granted to a key executive pursuant to an employment agreement, because
the awards vest based upon achievement of market price targets of our common stock. The Monte Carlo simulation model utilizes multiple
input variables that determine the probability of satisfying the market condition stipulated in the award and calculates the fair value
of each RSU. The daily expected stock price volatility is based on a four-year historical volatility of our common stock. The daily expected
dividend yield is based on annual expected dividend payments. The average daily risk-free interest rate is based on the three-year treasury
yield as of the grant date. Each of the tranches is calculated to have its own fair value and requisite service period. The fair value
of each tranche is amortized over the requisite or derived service period, which is up to four years. 

We allocate stock-based compensation
costs relating to options using a straight-line method which amortizes the fair value of each option on a straight-line basis over the
service period, but in no event less than the amount vested. 

All option grants are granted
at an exercise price per share equal to the closing market price of our common stock on the day before the date of grant. Therefore, there
is no intrinsic value because the exercise price per share of each option was equal to the fair value of the common stock on the date
of grant. As of December 31, 2022, there were no stock options exercisable or outstanding. 

22 

For more information on stock-based
compensation, see Note 7 Stock Incentive Plans to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

Current and long-term debt 

The Company reports debt
issuance costs as an adjustment to the carrying amount of the related debt in accordance with ASC 835-30-45. The amortization of such
costs is included in interest expense for the period. 

On August 15, 2022, Rubicon
Technology BP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), entered into a business loan agreement
(the Loan and promissory note (the Note in the amount of 1,620,000 with American Community
Bank Trust (the Lender ). The Borrower is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The interest rate on the
Note is 6 and it matures on August 15, 2027. The Note has a 25-year amortization schedule. Interest and principal payments will be made
on a monthly basis and a balloon payment will be made upon the maturity of the Note. The Borrower may pay, without penalty, a portion
or the entirety of the amount owed earlier than it is due. The Loan and Note have customary terms and provisions for default and increases
in payment. As part of the Loan the Lender required approximately 12 months in payment reserves totaling 120,000 which
are restricted from use by the Company until it can meet certain debt service ratio requirements. The Loan is secured by a real estate
mortgage encumbering the property commonly known as 900 E. Green Street, Bensenville, IL. Rubicon Worldwide LLC, and the Company entered
into unlimited commercial guaranty agreements in favor of the Lender. As of December 31, 2022, the Company is in compliance with all terms
and covenants related to the Loan and Note. 

Income tax valuation allowance 

Evaluating the need for and
amount of a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets often requires significant judgment and extensive analysis of all the positive
and negative evidence available to determine whether all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. A valuation
allowance must be established for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not (a probability level of more than 50 that they
will not be realized. In general, realization refers to the incremental benefit achieved through the reduction in future
taxes payable or an increase in future taxes refundable from the deferred tax assets, assuming that the underlying deductible differences
and carryforwards are the last items to enter into the determination of future taxable income. In determining our valuation allowance,
we consider the source of taxable income including taxable income in prior carryback years, future reversals of existing temporary differences,
the required use of tax planning strategies, and future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards.
We are in a cumulative loss position for the past three years which is considered significant negative evidence that is difficult to overcome
on a more likely than not standard through objectively verifiable data. Under the accounting standards, verifiable evidence
will have greater weight than subjective evidence such as our projections for future growth. Based on an evaluation in accordance with
the accounting standards, as of December 31, 2022, a valuation allowance has been recorded against the net U.S. deferred tax assets
in order to measure only the portion of the deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized based on the weight of all
the available evidence. Any U.S. tax benefit or tax expense recorded on the Consolidated Statement of Operations will be offset with a
corresponding adjustment from the use of the NOL carryforward asset which currently has a full valuation allowance. In the event that
we change our determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that can be realized, we will adjust our valuation allowance with
a corresponding impact to the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made . 

23 

Accounting for uncertainty in income taxes 

We recognize the tax benefit
from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities,
based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured
based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon settlement. At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
we had 1.1 million of unrecognized tax benefits taken or expected to be taken in a tax return that have been recorded on our financial
statements as an offset to the valuation allowance related to tax positions taken in 2012. We recognize interest and/or penalties related
to income tax matters in income tax expense. 

The Company is subject to
taxation in the U.S. and in a U.S. state jurisdiction. Due to the existence of NOL carryforwards, tax years ended December 31, 2006,
2008, 2009 and 2012 through 2021 are open to examination by tax authorities for Federal purposes. Due to NOL carryforwards at the State
level, tax years ended 2012 through 2021 are open to examination by state tax authorities. 

Currently, the Company is
trying to determine whether, and the extent to which, it has a Malaysian withholding tax obligation. It is performing related due diligence
with Malaysian tax experts to resolve the issue, and has recorded an appropriate liability for the potential tax obligation. 

Return of shareholder capital 

On July 1, 2022, the Company
and Janel entered into the Purchase Agreement pursuant to which Janel would commence a cash tender offer (the Offer to
purchase up to 45.0 of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock, on a fully-diluted basis, at a price per
share of 20.00, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement. The transaction was approved by the Board of
Directors of both Janel and the Company. The Purchase Agreement provided that, immediately after the consummation of the Offer, the Company
would set a record date to authorize and approve a return of capital to be paid to all stockholders of the Company, which
would include the Purchaser, in the aggregate amount of 11.00 per share. The Janel transaction was consummated in August 2022. At the
end of August 2022, the Company returned 27,092,000 of capital to its shareholders in accordance with the Purchase Agreement. At the
time of the distribution, the Company had an accumulated deficit of approximately 330 million. The Company accounted for the distribution
as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

See Note 1 Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion
of new accounting standards. 

24 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Disclosure under this item
is not required as the registrant is a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our Consolidated Financial
Statements, together with the related notes and the report of independent registered public accounting firm, are set forth on the pages indicated
in Item 15 Exhibits and Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated
by reference herein. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Management s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.

An evaluation was performed
under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our (chief) executive officer and chief financial officer certifying officer ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the year covered by this report. Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our periodic reports filed with
the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms, and that
the information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the (chief executive officer and chief financial officer,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on the evaluation, our certifying officer concluded that
these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

The financial statements
were prepared by management, which is responsible for their integrity and objectivity and for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). 

The Company s internal
control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

i. pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of the assets of the Company; 

ii. provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the Company; and 

iii. provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have
a material effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

25 

There are inherent limitations
in the effectiveness of any internal control, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls.
Accordingly, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the financial statement preparation.
Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal controls may vary over time. 

Management assessed the design
and effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment,
management used the criteria set forth in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 

Based on management s
assessment using those criteria, as of December 31, 2022, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial
reporting was effective. 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. The Company s internal controls over financial reporting were not subject to attestation by our independent registered
public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, that our certifying officer(s)
concluded materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

26 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our bylaws, as amended, permit our Board of Directors
to establish by resolution the authorized number of directors. Our Board of Directors currently consists of four directors, who are divided
into three classes with staggered three-year terms. 

All of our directors bring
to our Board of Directors a wealth of executive leadership experience derived from their service as corporate executives as well as service
as directors on other boards. When evaluating director candidates, the Nominating and Governance Committee takes into account all factors
it considers appropriate, which include (i) ensuring that the Board of Directors, as a whole, is diverse and consists of individuals
with various and relevant career experience, relevant technical skills, industry knowledge and experience, and financial expertise (including
expertise that could qualify a director as a financial expert, as that term is defined by the rules of the SEC), and (ii) minimum
individual qualifications, including strength of character, mature judgment, familiarity with the Company s business and industry
and independence of thought. The Nominating and Governance Committee also considers geographical, cultural, experiential and other forms
of diversity when evaluating director candidates. In addition, the Nominating and Governance Committee also may consider the extent to
which the candidate would fill a present need on the Board of Directors. Information about our current directors, including their business
experience for the past five years, appears below. 

Class I Director 

John Eidinger , 42,
was appointed as a Class I director whose current term will expire at the Company s 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. On January
1, 2023, Mr. Eidinger was elected to serve on the Board of Directors of Janel Corporation (Janel and, upon the recommendation
of its Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, appointed to serve as the Vice Chairman of the Board, and to serve on its Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. Eidinger has served in business development at Janel Corporation since 2019. Mr. Eidinger was
previously an associate portfolio manager for Select Equity Group. L.P. from 2011 to 2017. From 2007 to 2011, Mr. Eidinger served as an
analyst and principal at Blum Capital Partners. From 2002 to 2007, Mr. Eidinger served as an analyst and associate at Merrill Lynch. Mr.
Eidinger holds BS degrees in Finance and Economics from New York University. Mr. Eidinger s qualifications to serve on the Board
of the Company include his extensive experience in finance and acquisitions. 

Class II Directors 

Timothy Brog, 59,
is a continuing Class II director whose current term expires at our 2024 Annual Meeting. Mr. Brog joined us in May 2016 as a member of
our Board of Directors and was appointed as our President and Chief Executive Officer effective March 17, 2017. Mr. Brog served on our
Audit Committee from July 1, 2016 until March 17, 2017 and on the Compensation Committee from December 14, 2016 to March 17, 2017. From
March 2015 until March 17, 2017, Mr. Brog served as the president of Locksmith Capital Management LLC, an investment advisory firm. Previously,
he served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Peerless Systems Corporation from June 2008 to February 2015, Chief Executive Officer
from August 2010 to March 2015 and a director beginning in July 2007. Mr. Brog served as a Managing Director and Portfolio Manager to
Locksmith Value Opportunity Fund LP from September 2007 to August 2010. He also served as Managing Director of E2 Investment Partners
LLC, a special purpose vehicle to invest in Peerless, from March 2007 to July 2008. Prior to his experience at Locksmith Capital and E2
Investment Partners, Mr. Brog was President of Pembridge Capital Management LLC and the Portfolio Manager of Pembridge Value Opportunity
Fund LP, a small cap value hedge fund, from June 2004 to September 2007. He also worked as the Managing Director of The Edward Andrews
Group Inc., a boutique investment bank, from 1996 to 2007. From 1989 to 1995, Mr. Brog was a corporate finance and mergers and acquisitions
associate of the law firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom LLP. Mr. Brog has previously served as a director of Eco-Bat Technologies
Limited from October 2007 to July 2019, Chairman of the Board and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Deer Valley Corporation from October
2014 to April 2015, and as a member of the board of directors of the Topps Company Inc., from July 2006 to October 2007. Mr. Brog received
a JD from Fordham University School of Law in 1989 and a BA from Tufts University in 1986. Mr. Brog s qualifications to serve on
our Board of Directors include his operational, legal, investment banking, executive management and financial analysis experience. 

27 

Michael Mikolajczyk ,
71, is a continuing Class II director whose current term expires at our 2024 Annual Meeting. Mr. Mikolajczyk has served as a member of
our Board of Directors from June 2001 until May 2002 and rejoined our Board of Directors in March 2004. Mr. Mikolajczyk was elected as
the chairman of our Board of Directors in December 2017. Mr. Mikolajczyk also serves as a member of our Audit, Compensation, and Nominating
and Governance Committees. Since September 2003, Mr. Mikolajczyk has served as managing director of Catalyst Capital Management, LLC,
a private equity firm. From 2001 through 2003, Mr. Mikolajczyk worked as an independent consultant providing business and financial advisory
services to early stage and mid-cap companies. Mr. Mikolajczyk also served as vice chairman of Diamond Management Technology
Consultants, Inc., a management and technology consulting firm, from 2000 to 2001, president from 1998 to 2000 and chief financial officer
from 1994 to 1998. Mr. Mikolajczyk served as chief financial officer of Technology Solutions Company, a business solutions provider, from
1993 to 1994. In addition, Mr. Mikolajczyk served as a director of Diamond Management Technology Consultants, Inc. from 1994
to 2010 and served as director of Kanbay International, Inc. from 2004 to 2007. Mr. Mikolajczyk is a CPA in the State of Michigan and
holds an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BS in business from Wayne State University. Mr. Mikolajczyk s qualifications to
serve on our Board of Directors include his experience as an operating executive and his years of experience providing business and financial
advisory services. Mr. Mikolajczyk is a financial expert with extensive experience in corporate governance. 

Class III Director 

Darren Seirer , 48,
was appointed as a Class III director who was re-elected at the Company s 2022 annual meeting of stockholders. His term will expire
at our 2025 annual meeting. On January 1, 2023, Mr. Seirer was elected to serve on the Board of Directors of Janel Corporation, and appointed
to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer. Furthermore, upon the recommendation of its Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee,
Mr. Seirer was also appointed to serve as the Chairman of the Board and to serve on its Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.
Previously, Mr. Seirer had been a private investor and had served as an advisor to Janel Corporation since 2021. Mr. Seirer was previously
at Select Equity Group, L.P. from 1993 to 2019. Mr. Seirer holds a BA in Economics from Columbia University. Mr. Seirer s qualifications
to serve on the Board of the Company include his extensive experience in finance and acquisitions. 

Recent Resignations and Appointments of Executive Officers and Directors 

Timothy E. Brog, age 59 , 
was appointed as our President and Chief Executive Officer effective March 17, 2017. Mr. Brog has also been a member of our Board of Directors
since May 2016. As of April 24, 2021, until such time as a new candidate is appointed, Mr. Brog took on the role of Acting Chief Financial
Officer. His biographical information is provided above. 

On December 12, 2022, the
Board of Directors of the Company and Mr. Brog mutually agreed that the Company s operational staffing requirements had changed
and that a new Chief Executive Officer was needed. Mr. Brog remained employed by the Company until January 6, 2023. Mr. Brog s departure
was not the result of any disagreements with the Company on any matters relating to its operations, policies or practices. On February
24, 2023, the Board of Directors named Joseph Ferrara as the Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

On February 20, 2023, Mr.
Brog tendered his resignation as a Class II director, which became effective on February 22, 2023. Mr. Brog s resignation as a member
of the Board of Directors was not the result of any disagreements with the Company on any matters relating to its operations, policies
or practices. On March 3, 2023, the Board of Directors appointed Dennis Paul, 50, as an independent director .
Since 2012, Mr. Paul has served as a Founder and Managing Member of Thyra Global Management, and since 2012, he has served as a Senior
Advisor at Blackstone. 

28 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Director Independence 

Our Board of Directors undertook
a review of the independence of each director and considered whether any director has a material relationship with us that could compromise
his or her ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his or her responsibilities. As a result of this review, our Board
of Directors determined that Mr. Mikolajczyk independent under the standards for director independence adopted by the Board of Directors
and are independent directors as defined under the Nasdaq rules. Based on the foregoing, our Board of Directors has concluded
that a majority of our Board of Directors has been independent during 2021, as required by the Nasdaq rules. 

On August 19, 2022, Mr. Jefferson
Gramm and Ms. Susan Westphal, both of whom were independent directors, resigned from the Board the committees of the Board that they serve
on. Mr. Seirer and Mr. Eidinger were appointed as their replacements by the Board of Directors. 

On October 14, 2022, the
Company received notifications from Nasdaq that it was no longer in compliance with various Nasdaq independent director requirements set
forth in Listing Rule 5605. This rule requires, among other things, that (i) the Board of Directors be composed of a majority of independent
directors, (ii) the Audit Committee be composed of three independent directors, and (iii) the Compensation Committee be composed of two
independent directors. The Board of Directors was composed of four directors, one of which was an employee of the Company and therefore
was not independent. At that time, the Board of Directors had not yet determined whether the two newly appointed directors would be deemed
to be independent under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. Subsequently, on December 13, 2022, the Company notified Nasdaq of its decision to delist
its common stock from the Nasdaq Capital Market. The delisting became effective December 30, 2022. 

During December 2022, the
Board began the analysis and review of the independence of Mr. Seirer and Mr. Eidinger to consider whether they have a material relationship
with the Company that could compromise their ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out their responsibilities. This review
has not been completed as of the date hereof. On March 10, 2023, the Board of Directors appointed Dennis Paul as an independent director,
and following Mr. Paul s appointment, there were no vacancies on the Board of Directors. As such, the Board of Directors has determined
that Mr. Mikolajczyk and Mr. Paul are the only independent directors under the standards for director independence adopted by the Board
of Directors and therefore cannot conclude that a majority of the Board of Directors is independent under the Nasdaq rules. 

Board of Directors Leadership Structure 

Our Board of Directors is
led by an independent Chairman, Mr. Mikolajczyk. The Board has determined that having an independent Chairman is in the best interest
of the Company s stockholders at this time and adopted a formal policy to that effect on December 14, 2016. The Board believes that
this leadership structure is appropriate because it strikes an effective balance between management and independent director participation
in the Board process. The independent Chairman role allows our Executive Officer to focus on his management responsibilities in leading
the business, setting the strategic direction of the Company and optimizing the day-to-day performance and operations of the Company.
At the same time, the independent Chairman can focus on Board leadership, providing guidance to the Executive Officer and the Company s
overall business strategy. The Board believes that the separation of functions between the Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
provides independent leadership of the Board in the exercise of its management oversight responsibilities, increases the accountability
of the Executive Officer and creates transparency into the relationship among executive management, the Board of Directors and the stockholders.
The independent Chairman regularly presides at executive sessions of the independent directors, without the presence of management. 

Board of Directors Oversight of Risk 

Our executive management
team is responsible for our day-to-day risk management activities. The Board of Directors oversees these risk management activities, delegating
its authority in this regard to the standing committees of the Board of Directors. The Audit Committee is responsible for discussing with
executive management policies with respect to financial risk and enterprise risk management. The Audit Committee also oversees the Company s
corporate compliance programs. The Compensation Committee considers risk in connection with its design of compensation programs for our
executives. The Nominating and Governance Committee reviews the Company s corporate governance principles and their implementation.
Each committee regularly reports to the Board of Directors. In addition to each committee s risk management oversight, the Board
of Directors regularly engages in discussions of the most significant risks that the Company is facing and how these risks are being managed. 

29 

The Board of Directors believes
that each committee s risk oversight function, together with the efforts of the full Board of Directors and the Chief Executive
Officer in this regard, enables the Board of Directors to effectively oversee the Company s risk management activities. 

Committees of the Board of Directors and Meetings 

Our Board of Directors has
established three standing committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Governance Committee. Described
below are the membership and principal responsibilities of each of the standing committees of the Board of Directors, as well as the number
of meetings held during 2022. Each of these committees is composed entirely of non-employee directors who, for 2022, have been determined
by our Board of Directors to be independent under the current requirements of Nasdaq and the rules and regulations of the SEC. Each committee
operates under a charter approved by the Board of Directors setting out the purposes and responsibilities of the committee. As of December
31, 2022, Mr. Mikolajczyk was the only member of each committee, as he was the only director whose independence had been confirmed by
the Board. On March 10, 2023, the Board of Directors appointed Dennis Paul as an independent director, and following Mr. Paul s
appointment, there were no vacancies on the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors has not yet determined the committees, if any,
on which Mr. Paul will serve. 

The Board of Directors held
16 meetings during 2022. Each of our directors attended every meeting. Our non-employee directors meet regularly without our Chief Executive
Officer present. 

Audit Committee 

From January 1, 2022 to August
19, 2022, our Audit Committee was comprised of Michael E. Mikolajczyk, Susan M. Westphal and Jefferson Gramm. Subsequently, Mr. Mikolajczyk
was the only member of the committee. 

Mr. Mikolajczyk is the chairman
of our Audit Committee. Our Board of Directors has determined that each member of our Audit Committee, during the period served on the
committee, met or meets the requirements for financial sophistication and independence for Audit Committee membership under the current
requirements of Nasdaq and SEC rules and regulations. Our Board of Directors has also determined that Mr. Mikolajczyk is an audit
committee financial expert as defined in the SEC rules. The Audit Committee s responsibilities include, but are not limited
to: 

selecting and hiring our independent registered public accounting firm, and approving the audit and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm; 

evaluating the qualifications, experience, performance and independence of our independent registered public accounting firm; 

monitoring the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as they relate to financial statements or accounting matters; 

reviewing the adequacy, effectiveness and integrity of our internal control policies and procedures; 

discussing the scope and results of the audit with the independent registered public accounting firm and reviewing with management and the independent registered public accounting firm our interim and year-end operating results; 

preparing the Audit Committee report required by the SEC in our annual proxy statement; and 

overseeing management with respect to enterprise and financial risk management. 

Our Audit Committee held
six meetings during 2022. 

30 

Compensation Committee 

From January 1, 2022 to August
19, 2022, our Compensation Committee was comprised of Jefferson Gramm, Michael E. Mikolajczyk and Susan M. Westphal. Subsequently, Mr.
Mikolajczyk was the only member of the committee. 

Mr. Gramm was the chairman
of our Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee s responsibilities include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing and approving our Chief Executive Officer s and other executive officers annual base salaries and annual bonuses; 

evaluating and recommending to the Board of Directors incentive compensation plans; 

overseeing an evaluation of the performance of our executive officers; 

administering, reviewing and making recommendations with respect to our equity compensation plans; and 

reviewing and making recommendations to the Board of Directors with respect to director compensation. 

The Compensation Committee
may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of one or more compensation consultants or other advisors to assist it with these
duties. 

Our Compensation Committee
held one meeting during 2022. 

Nominating and Governance Committee 

From January 1, 2022 to August 19, 2022, our Nominating
and Governance Committee was comprised of Susan M. Westphal, Jefferson Gramm and Michael E. Mikolajczyk. Subsequently, Mr. Mikolajczyk
was the only member of the committee. 

Ms. Westphal was the chairman
of our Nominating and Governance Committee. The Nominating and Governance Committee s responsibilities include, but are not limited
to: 

developing and recommending to the Board of Directors criteria for Board of Directors and committee membership; 

assisting our Board of Directors in identifying prospective director nominees and recommending to the Board of Directors nominees for each annual meeting of stockholders; 

recommending members for each committee to our Board of Directors; 

reviewing developments in corporate governance practices and developing and recommending governance principles applicable to our Board of Directors; and 

overseeing the evaluation of the Board of Directors. 

Our Nominating and Governance
Committee held one meeting during 2022. 

31 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of
Ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors. If you would like a copy our Code of Ethics, write to Investor Relations,
Rubicon Technology, Inc., 900 East Green Street, Bensenville, Illinois 60106, and a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided to you,
free of charge. Any waiver from or amendment to the Code of Ethics granted to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, will be timely disclosed by filing a Current Report
on Form 8-K. 

Policies and Procedures Governing Director
Nominations 

The Nominating and Governance
Committee considers candidates for nomination to the Board of Directors from a number of sources, including recommendations by current
members of the Board of Directors and members of management. Current members of the Board of Directors are considered for re-election
unless they have notified us that they do not wish to stand for re-election. The Nominating and Governance Committee will also consider
director candidates recommended by our stockholders, although a formal policy has not been adopted with respect to consideration of such
candidates because stockholders may nominate director candidates pursuant to our bylaws. Stockholders desiring to submit recommendations
for director candidates must follow the following procedures: 

The Nominating and Governance Committee will accept recommendations of director candidates throughout the year; however, in order for a recommended candidate to be considered for nomination for election at an upcoming annual meeting of stockholders, the recommendation must be received by the Acting Secretary of the Company not later than the close of business on the 60 th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 90 th day prior to the anniversary date of our most recent annual meeting of stockholders, unless the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting, in which case notice must be delivered not earlier than the 90 th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 60 th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10 th day following the day on which we first publicly announce the date of such annual meeting. If the number of directors to be elected to the Board is increased and the Company does not make public announcement naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board at least 70 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting, a stockholder s nomination notice will also be considered timely with respect to nominees for any newly created positions if such notice is delivered to the Acting Secretary not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Company. 

A stockholder making the recommendation must be a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice, be entitled to vote at the meeting and comply with the notice procedures set forth in the bylaws. Furthermore, this recommendation must be in writing and must include the following initial information: (i) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director, all information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in proxy solicitations for election of directors in an election contest, or would otherwise be required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act and Rule 14a-11 promulgated under the Exchange Act, including such person s written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected; and (ii) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, the name and address of such stockholder and beneficial owner, and the class and number of shares of the Company that are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and beneficial owner. The Nominating and Governance Committee may subsequently request additional information regarding the candidate. 

In evaluating nominees for
director, the Nominating and Governance Committee is guided by, among other things, the objective that the Board of Directors be composed
of qualified, dedicated and highly regarded individuals who have experience relevant to our operations and who understand the complexities
of our business environment. The Nominating and Governance Committee may also consider other factors such as whether the candidate is
independent under the standards adopted by the Board of Directors and within the meaning of the listing standards of Nasdaq, and whether
the candidate meets any additional requirements for service on the Audit Committee. The Nominating and Governance Committee does not intend
to evaluate candidates recommended by stockholders any differently than other candidates. Under the Company s bylaws, as amended,
 at least 50 of the members of the Board of Directors must be independent under the Nasdaq Listing
Rules. 

32 

Stockholder Communications with the Board of
Directors 

Interested parties, including
stockholders, may communicate by mail with all or selected members of the Board of Directors. Correspondence should be addressed to the
Board of Directors or any individual director(s) or group or committee of directors either by name or title (for example, Chairman
of the Nominating and Governance Committee or All Non-Management Directors ). All correspondence should be sent to
Rubicon Technology, Inc., 900 East Green Street, Bensenville, Illinois 60106. The Board of Directors will, as necessary, generally screen
out communications from stockholders to identify communications that are (i) commercial, charitable or other solicitations for products,
services and funds, (ii) matters of a personal nature not relevant for stockholders, or (iii) matters that are of a type that
render them improper or irrelevant to the functioning of the Board of Directors and the Company. 

Attendance at Annual Meeting 

Directors are encouraged,
but not required, to attend our annual stockholders meeting. All directors attended the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders either
in person or telephonically. 

SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE 

Section 16(a) of the
Exchange Act requires our directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock to file with the SEC initial
reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and to provide us copies of these reports. Based solely on
a review of the copies of these reports furnished to us and written representations that no other reports were required to be filed, we
believe that all such filings applicable to our officers, directors and beneficial owners of greater than 10 of our common stock were
made timely during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

In 2022, all non-employee
directors received an annual fee of 20,000 cash, payable quarterly. At every Annual Meeting, beginning in 2018 until 2021, non-employee
directors received 10,000 in restricted stock units RSUs which vest on the day immediately preceding the next following
Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The Board granted no RSUs in 2022. The Chairman of the Board and Chairman of the Audit Committee each
receive an annual cash retainer of 5,000, payable quarterly. 

We also have a policy of
reimbursing directors for travel, lodging and other reasonable expenses incurred in connection with their attendance at Board or committee
meetings or conducting Company business. 

The following table sets
forth information regarding the aggregate compensation we paid to the non-employee members of our Board of Directors for 2022. 

Name 
 Fees earned or paid in cash ) 
 Stock awards (1) ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Michael E. Mikolajczyk 
 30,000 
 10,000 (2) 
 40,000 
 
 John Eidinger 
 7,283 (3) 
 
 7,283 
 
 Darren Seirer 
 7,283 (3) 
 
 7.283 
 
 Susan M. Westphal 
 12,717 (4) 
 10,000 (5) 
 30,000 
 
 Jefferson Gramm 
 12,717 (4) 
 10,000 (6) 
 30,000 

(1) 
 Amounts reflect the grant date fair value of the restricted stock units granted at the 2021 Annual Meeting (the 2021 RSUs ). 

33 

(2) 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2022, the 2021 RSUs were automatically converted and Mr. Mikolajczyk was issued 1,010 shares of restricted stock. 

(3) 
 The Company has accrued 7,283 for each of Messrs. Eidinger and Seirer, which represents the pro rata share of the annual fee for the portion of the year each member served. Both directors have not determined whether they will take payment for their services. 

(4) 
 Amount represents the pro rata share of the annual fee for the portion of the year each member served. 

(5) 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2022, the 2021 RSUs were automatically converted and Ms. Westphal was issued 1,010 shares of restricted stock. 

(6) 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2022, the 2021 RSUs were automatically converted and Mr. Gramm was issued 1,010 shares of restricted stock. 

Summary Compensation Table 

The table below sets forth,
the compensation earned by Timothy E. Brog, the President, Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer, and Kevin T. Lusardi
our former Chief Financial Officer, during fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021. Such persons are referred to in this Report on Form 10-K as our
 named executive officers. Mr. Lusardi was the Company s Chief Financial Officer from March 2021 to April 2021. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Timothy E. Brog 
 2022 
 332,692 
 350,000 (1) 
 398,750 (2) 
 
 1,081,442 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer Acting Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 350,000 
 
 341,055 (3) 
 
 691,055 

Kevin T. Lusardi (4) 
 2021 
 19,048 

19,048 
 
 Former Chief Financial Officer 

(1) 
 During 2022, the Company amended Mr. Brog s executive employment agreement, whereby Mr. Brog was paid 350,000 to reward him for his assistance in the closing of the Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement between Rubicon Technology, Inc. and Janel Corporation. As part of that same amendment, Mr. Brog waived his rights to severance under his original employment agreement. 

(2) 
 During 2022, Mr. Brog s 25,000 RSUs vested at a price of 15.95. 

(3) 
 Pursuant to Mr. Brog s employment agreement, he was eligible for a bonus based upon certain objectives set forth by the Compensation Committee and agreed to by him and a discretionary bonus. For work performed in 2020 and paid in 2021, as part of his objective bonus, Mr. Brog was eligible to earn up to 42,067 shares of the Company s common stock if certain goals were achieved. The Board of Directors determined that Mr. Brog s 2020 objectives were only partially met and as a result Mr. Brog was granted 31,550 shares of common stock in 2021 for work performed in 2020. 

(4) 
 Prior to his appointment as CFO in March 2021, Mr. Lusardi served as a consultant to the Company from December 2020 to the date of such appointment and was paid 50,346 for his services during that period. 

Discussion of Summary Compensation Table 

Our executive compensation
policies and practices for fiscal 2022 and 2021, pursuant to which the compensation set forth in the Summary Compensation Table 
table was paid or awarded, are described below. 

34 

Base salary 

Pursuant to the terms of
his employment agreement, the annual base salary for 2022 for Mr. Brog was 350,000 until it was changed to 300,000 as part of his amended
employment agreement. 

Pursuant to the terms of
their employment agreements, the annual base salaries for 2021 for Mr. Brog and Mr. Lusardi were 350,000 and 170,000, respectively. 

We formally evaluate executive
performance on an annual basis, and these evaluations are one of the factors considered in making adjustments to base salaries. 

Incentive bonuses 

The primary objectives of
our incentive bonus plan are to provide an incentive for superior work, to motivate our executives toward even higher achievement and
business results, to tie our executives goals and interests to ours and our stockholders and to enable us to attract and
retain highly qualified individuals. These targets are typically set in the first three months of the year. The targets under our objective
incentive bonus plan are mutually agreed upon by the independent directors and each of the executives. 

Objective incentive compensation 

In 2008, our Board of Directors
adopted a policy generally to grant equity awards to executives once per year to the extent equity awards are to be granted during such
year (except in the case of newly hired executives, as described below). With respect to newly hired executives, our practice is typically
to make equity grants at the first meeting of the Board of Directors following such executive s hire date. We do not have any program,
plan or practice to time equity awards in coordination with the release of material non-public information. 

Pursuant to Mr. Brog s
employment agreement, he was eligible for a bonus based upon certain objectives set forth by the Compensation Committee and agreed to
by him. 

2022 Goals 

The Compensation Committee
did not set specific goals for Mr. Brog in 2022, however, Mr. Brog was paid 350,000 to reward him for his assistance in the closing of
the Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement between Rubicon Technology, Inc. and Janel Corporation. As part of that same amendment, Mr. Brog
waived his rights to severance under his original employment agreement. 

2021 Goals 

In 2021, Mr. Brog s
primary goal was to identify and consummate an acquisition. The Compensation Committee decided that Mr. Brog s bonus for work performed
in 2021 would be solely discretionary and that there would be no objective goals or bonus. To date, Mr. Brog did not receive an objective
nor a discretionary bonus for work performed in 2021. 

Severance and change in control arrangements 

Payments upon termination
are described below under Termination of Employment or Change in Control . 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT 2022 FISCAL YEAR-END 

There were no outstanding
equity awards at December 31, 2022. 

TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT OR CHANGE IN CONTROL 

Mr. Brog was the only employee
to have an employment agreement during 2022. That agreement did include severance terms and restrictive covenants. During 2022, Mr. Brog s
employment agreement was amended, whereby he forfeited and waived his right to severance in exchange for the Company s payment of
the 350,000 awarded to him for his assistance in the closing of the Janel transaction. On February 20, 2023, the Company entered into
a Confidential Separation Agreement and General Release (the Separation Agreement with Mr. Brog, in connection with Mr.
Brog s resignation from the Company as Chief Executive Officer, President and Acting Chief Financial Officer. Pursuant to the Separation
Agreement, Mr. Brog was entitled to receive, among other things, a payment of 112,000 for the assignment to the Company by Mr. Brog of
57,593 shares of common stock of the Company held by Mr. Brog. The Separation Agreement also contained a general release of claims against
the Company, as well as certain other customary covenants, including covenants pertaining to non-disparagement and confidentiality. 

35 

Equity Compensation
Awards . The equity compensation awards granted under the 2016 Plan or 2007 Plan may become vested upon a change in
control. The 2016 and 2007 Plans provide that in the event of change in control, as defined in the 2016 and 2007 Plans,
each outstanding award will be treated as the Compensation Committee determines, including that the successor corporation or its parent
or subsidiary may be required to assume or substitute an equivalent award for each outstanding award. The Compensation Committee is not
required to treat all awards similarly. If there is no assumption or substitution of outstanding awards, the award recipient will fully
vest in and have the right to exercise all of his or her outstanding options and stock appreciation rights, all restrictions on restricted
stock and RSUs will lapse and all performance goals or other vesting requirements for performance awards will be deemed achieved at 100 
of target levels and all other terms and conditions will be deemed met. If an option or stock appreciation right is not assumed or substituted,
the Compensation Committee will provide notice to the award recipient that the option or stock appreciation right will be fully vested
and exercisable for a period of time determined by the Compensation Committee in its discretion, and the option or stock appreciation
right will terminate upon the expiration of such period. Notwithstanding the Compensation Committee s general discretionary authority
described above, the individual award agreements may provide for the vesting of such awards upon the occurrence of a change in control.
Under the 2016 and 2007 Plans, a change in control is deemed to occur when (i) a person becomes the beneficial owner
(directly or indirectly) of at least 50 of the voting power represented by the Company s outstanding voting securities, (ii) the
Company sells or disposes of all or substantially all of its assets, (iii) the composition of the Board of Directors changes within
a two-year period resulting in fewer than a majority of the directors being incumbent directors (as defined in the 2016
and 2007 Plans), or (iv) a merger or consolidation of the Company is consummated with any other corporation resulting in the voting
securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto representing (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into
voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) less than 50 of the total voting power represented by the voting securities
of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

The following table represents
securities authorized for issuance under, the Rubicon Technology Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, and the Rubicon
Technology Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan as of December 31, 2022. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuances under the equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 300 
 44.10 
 320,273 

(1) 
 The Rubicon Technology Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan was approved by stockholders before our initial public offering. The Rubicon Technology Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan was approved by stockholders in June 2016. 

36 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

Unless otherwise noted, the
following table sets forth, as of February 28, 2023, the beneficial ownership of our common stock by: 

each person that was a beneficial owner of 5 of more of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our named executive officers; 

each of our directors, including the director nominees; and 

all of our named executive officers and directors as a group. 

Beneficial ownership is determined
in accordance with the rules of the SEC. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess sole
or shared voting power or investment power with respect to such securities. Except as otherwise indicated, all of the shares reflected
in the table are shares of common stock and all persons listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares
beneficially owned by them, subject to applicable community property laws. Percentage of beneficial ownership is based on 2,410,265 shares
of common stock outstanding as of February 28, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes below, the address for each beneficial
owner is c/o Rubicon Technology, Inc., 900 East Green Street, Bensenville, Illinois 60106. 

Shares beneficially owned 
 
 Name of beneficial owner 
 Number 
 Percent 
 
 5 stockholders: 

Bandera Master Fund L.P. (1) 
 128,323 
 5.3 
 
 Janel Corporation (2) 
 1,108,000 
 46.0 

Named Executive Officers, Directors and Nominees: 

Timothy Brog 
 4,969 
 0.2 
 
 Darren Seirer (3) 
 
 0.0 
 
 Michael E. Mikolajczyk 
 31,456 
 1.3 
 
 John Eidinger (4) 
 
 0.0 

All executive officers and directors as a group (4 persons) (5) 
 36,425 
 1.5 

(1) 
 The ownership information set forth in the table is based on information contained in a statement on Schedule 13D (the Bandera 13D ), filed on August 19, 2022, with the SEC by Bandera Master Fund L.P. Bandera ), together with Bandera Partners LLC, Gregory Bylinsky and Jefferson Gramm, Managing Partners, Managing Directors and Portfolio Managers of Bandera Partners Reporting Persons with respect to ownership of shares of our common stock. The Bandera 13D reflects that each of Bandera Master Fund L.P. and Bandera Partners has sole dispositive and voting power with respect to 128,323 of the reported shares. Bandera reports on the Bandera 13D that each of Messrs. Bylinsky and Gramm as Managing Partners, Managing Directors and Portfolio Managers of Bandera Partners may be deemed to have shared power to vote or dispose of the shares owned by Bandera. Bandera reports on the Bandera 13D that no person other than the Reporting Persons have the right to receive or the power to direct the receipts of dividends from, or the proceeds from the sale of, our common stock. The principal business address of Bandera is 50 Broad Street, Suite 1820, New York, New York 10004. 

37 

(2) 
 The ownership information set forth in the table is based on information contained in a statement on Schedule 13D (the Janel 13D ), filed on August 15, 2022, with the SEC by Janel, together with Oaxaca Group L.L.C. and Dominique Schulte, its then Chief Executive Officer, Reporting Persons with respect to ownership of shares of our common stock. The Janel 13D reflects that the Reporting Persons have shared dispositive and voting power with respect to 1,108,000 of the reported shares. The principal business address of Janel is 80 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10011. 

(3) 
 Mr. Seirer is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Janel Corporation, and serves as the Chairman of the Board on Janel s Board of Directors. Excludes the shares owned by Janel, as Mr. Seirer does not have sole dispositive and voting power with respect to the Janel shares, and therefore is not a beneficial owner of those shares. 

(4) 
 Mr. Eidinger serves as the Vice Chairman of the Board on Janel s Board of Directors. Excludes the shares owned by Janel, as Mr. Eidinger does not have sole dispositive and voting power with respect to the Janel shares, and therefore is not a beneficial owner of those shares. 

(5) 
 Excludes the shares owned by Janel. 

On March 3, 2023, the Board of Directors appointed Dennis Paul,
50, as an independent director . Mr. Paul has no beneficial ownership of Rubicon shares. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Policy and Procedures for Review, Approval
or Ratification 

We recognize that transactions
between the Company and related persons present a potential for actual or perceived conflicts of interest. Our general policies with respect
to such transactions are included in our Code of Ethics which is administered by our Audit Committee. All employees and members of our
Board of Directors agree to be bound by the Code of Ethics. As a supplement to the Code of Ethics, the Audit Committee adopted a written
policy setting out the procedures and standards to be followed for the identification and evaluation of related party transactions. 
For purposes of the policy, a related party transaction is any transaction or series of related transactions in excess of 120,000 in
which we are a party and in which a related person has a material interest. Related persons include our directors, director
nominees, executive officers, beneficial owners of 5 or more of any class of our voting securities and members of their immediate families.
The Audit Committee has determined that certain transactions are deemed to be pre-approved under this policy. These include (i) transactions
with another company in which the related person s only interest is as a director or beneficial owner of less than 10 of the equity
interests in that other company and (ii) certain compensation arrangements that have either been disclosed in our public filings
with the SEC or approved by our Compensation Committee. 

We collect information about
potential related party transactions in our annual questionnaires completed by directors, executive officers and certain beneficial owners
of 5 or more of any class of our voting securities. Potential related party transactions are first reviewed and assessed by our Acting
Secretary to consider the materiality of the transactions and then reported to the Audit Committee. If a related party transaction is
identified during the year, it is reported promptly to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee reviews and considers all relevant information
available to it about each related party transaction. A related party transaction is approved or ratified only if the Audit Committee
determines that it is in, or is not inconsistent with, our best interests and those of our stockholders and is in compliance with the
Code of Ethics. 

Director Independence 

Our Board of Directors undertook
a review of the independence of each director and considered whether any director has a material relationship with us that could compromise
his or her ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his or her responsibilities. As a result of this review, our Board
of Directors determined that Mr. Mikolajczyk is independent under the standards for director independence adopted by the Board of Directors
and are independent directors as defined under the Nasdaq rules. Based on the foregoing, our Board of Directors has concluded
that a majority of our Board of Directors has been independent during 2021, as required by the Nasdaq rules. 

On August 19, 2022, Mr. Jefferson
Gramm and Ms. Susan Westphal, both of whom were independent directors, resigned from the Board the committees of the Board that they serve
on. Mr. Seirer and Mr. Eidinger were appointed as their replacementds by the Board of Directors. 

38 

On October 14, 2022, the
Company received notifications from Nasdaq that it was no longer in compliance with various Nasdaq independent director requirements set
forth in Listing Rule 5605. This rule requires, among other things, that (i) the Board of Directors be composed of a majority of independent
directors, (ii) the Audit Committee be composed of three independent directors, and (iii) the Compensation Committee be composed of two
independent directors. The Board of Directors was composed of four directors, one of which was an employee of the Company and therefore
was not independent. At that time, the Board of Directors had not yet determined whether the two newly appointed directors would be deemed
to be independent under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. Subsequently, on December 13, 2022, the Company notified Nasdaq of its decision to delist
its common stock from the Nasdaq Capital Market. The delisting became effective December 30, 2022. 

During December 2022, the
Board began the analysis and review of the independence of Mr. Seirer and Mr. Eidinger to consider whether they have a material relationship
with the Company that could compromise their ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out their responsibilities. This review
has not been completed as of the date hereof. On March 10, 2023, the Board of Directors appointed Dennis Paul as an independent director,
and following Mr. Paul s appointment, there were no vacancies on the Board of Directors. As such, the Board of Directors has determined
that Mr. Mikolajczyk and Mr. Paul are the only independent directors under the standards for director independence adopted by the Board
of Directors and therefore cannot conclude that a majority of the Board of Directors is independent under the Nasdaq rules. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
SERVICES 

The Audit Committee of the
Board of Directors has selected Marcum LLP Marcum to serve as the Company s independent registered public accounting
firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023, and is submitting this matter to the stockholders for ratification at the Annual
Meeting. Marcum has served as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm since 2017. 

Neither our bylaws nor other
governing documents or law require stockholder ratification of the selection of Marcum as our independent registered public accounting
firm. However, the Board of Directors is submitting the selection of Marcum to the stockholders for ratification as a matter of good corporate
practice. In the event the proposal to ratify the selection of Marcum is defeated, the adverse vote will be considered as a direction
to the Board of Directors to select another independent registered public accounting firm for the next fiscal year ending December 31,
2024. However, because of the expense and difficulty in changing independent registered public accounting firms after the beginning of
a year, the Board intends to allow the appointment of Marcum for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023 to stand unless the Board
finds other reasons for making a change. 

Audit Fees 

The aggregate fees billed
by Marcum for audit services of the Company s annual financial statements and review services of the Company s quarterly financial
statements for the fiscal year 2022 were 221,883. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for
audit services of the Company s annual financial statements and assistance with and review of SEC filings for the fiscal year 2021
were approximately 200,356. 

Audit-Related Fees 

There were no audit-related
fees billed by Marcum in the fiscal years 2022 and 2021. 

Tax Fees 

There were no tax fees billed
by Marcum in the fiscal years 2022 and 2021. 

All Other Fees 

There were no other fees
billed by Marcum in the fiscal years 2022 and 2021 for any other services. 

Pre-Approval Policy and Procedures 

In accordance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
the Audit Committee is required to pre-approve all auditing services and permissible non-audit services, including related fees and terms,
to be performed for the Company by its independent registered public accounting firm subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit
services described under the Exchange Act, which are approved by the Audit Committee prior to the completion of the audit. In the fiscal
years 2022 and 2021, the Audit Committee pre-approved all audit and non-audit services provided to the Company by its independent registered
public accounting firm. 

39 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
Financial statements. The following Consolidated Financial Statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID #688) 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

(b) Exhibits. The exhibits
filed or incorporated by reference as a part of this report are listed in the Index to Exhibits which appears following the signature
page to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated by reference. 

(c) Financial statement schedules
not listed above have been omitted because they are inapplicable, are not required under applicable provisions of Regulation S-X, or the
information that would otherwise be included in such schedules is contained in the registrant s financial statements or accompanying
notes. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

40 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on March 30, 2023. 

Rubicon Technology, Inc. 

By 
 /s/ Joseph Ferrara 

Joseph Ferrara 
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive,
 Financial, and Accounting Officer) 

KNOWN BY ALL MEN BY THESE
PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Joseph Ferrara, jointly and severally, his or her attorney-in-fact,
with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby
ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done
by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities indicated on March 30, 2023 . 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ Joseph Ferrara 
 
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Joseph Ferrara 
 
 (Principal Executive, Financial, and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Michael E. Mikolajczyk 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Michael E. Mikolajczyk 

/s/ Darren Seirer 
 
 Director 
 
 Darren Seirer 

/s/ John Eidinger 
 
 Director 
 
 John Eidinger 

/s/ Dennis Paul 
 
 Director 
 
 Dennis Paul 

41 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

The Exhibits listed below are filed or incorporated
by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Incorporation by Reference 

2.1 
 
 Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2022, between Janel Corporation and Rubicon Technology, Inc. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 5, 2022 (File No. 1-38834) 

3.1 
 
 Eighth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Rubicon Technology, Inc. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed on November 1, 2007 (File No. 333-145880) 

3.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Eighth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Rubicon Technology, Inc. 
 
 Filed as Appendix A to the registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on April 29, 2011 (File No. 1-33834) 

3.3 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Eighth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Rubicon Technology, Inc. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 4, 2017 (File No. 1-33834) 

3.4 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Rubicon Technology, Inc. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 10, 2016 (File No. 1-33834) 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Rubicon Technology, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on December 18, 2017. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 18, 2017 (File No. 1-33834) 

3.6 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Eighth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Rubicon Technology, Inc. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 15, 2018 (File No. 1-33834) 

3.7 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Rubicon Technology, Inc. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 24, 2023 (File No. 1-33834) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed on November 13, 2007 (File No. 333-145880) 

4.2 
 
 Description of Capital Stock 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Item 1 of the registrant s Registration Statement on Form
8-A, filed on November 13,2007 (File No. 1-33834) 

4.3 
 
 Description of Preferred Stock Purchase Rights 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Item 1 of the registrant s Registration Statement on Form
8-A, filed on December 18, 2017 (File No. 1-33834), as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on
December 22, 2020 (File No. 1-33834) and Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on July 11, 2022 (File No.
1-33834) 

4.4 
 
 Rights Agreement dated as of December 18, 2017, between Rubicon Technology, Inc. and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, which includes the Form of Certificate of Designations of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock as Exhibit A, the Form of Right Certificate as Exhibit B and the Summary of Rights to Purchase Preferred Shares as Exhibit C. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 18, 2017 (File No. 1-33834) 

4.5 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Rights Agreement, dated as of December 18, 2020, between Rubicon Technology, Inc. and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 18, 2020 (File No. 1-33834) 

42 

10.1 
 
 Rubicon Technology, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, effective March 23, 2011 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on March 13, 2014 (File No. 1-33834) 

10.2 
 
 Rubicon Technology, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 Filed as Appendix A to the registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on May 18, 2016 (File No. 1-33834) 

10.3(a) 
 
 Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Agreement pursuant to Rubicon Technology, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 9, 2016 (File No. 1-33834) 

10.3(b) 
 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Agreement pursuant to Rubicon Technology, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 9, 2016 (File No. 1-33834) 

10.3(c) 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement pursuant to Rubicon Technology, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan (with time-based vesting) 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 9, 2016 (File No. 1-33834) 

10.4 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Executive Officers 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 8, 2015 (File No. 1-33834) 

10.5 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement by and between Rubicon Technology, Inc. and Timothy E. Brog, dated as of March 1, 2017 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 16, 2017 (File No. 1-33834) 

10.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement by and between Rubicon Technology, Inc. and Timothy E. Brog, dated as of May 12, 2017 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 12, 2017 (File No. 1-33834) 

10.7 
 
 Stockholder s Agreement dated as of November 16, 2017, by and among Rubicon Technology, Inc. and Bandera Partners LLC, Bandera Master Fund L.P., Gregory Bylinsky and Jefferson Gramm 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on November 16, 2017 (File No. 1-33834) 

10.8 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2019, by and among Wellfount, Corporation, Rubicon DTP LLC and Rubicon Technology, Inc. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 14, 2019 (File No. 1-33834) 

10.9 
 
 Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2019, by and among Rubicon Sapphire Technology (Malaysia) SDN. BHD., Rubicon Technology, Inc. and Computime (Malaysia) SDN. BHD 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 19, 2019 (File No. 1-33834) 

10.10 
 
 Share Sale Agreement, dated December 9, 2020 between Rubicon Technology, Inc. and Kang Lan Hiang 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 9, 2020 (File No. 1-33834) 

43 

10.11 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement by and between Rubicon Technology, Inc. and Kevin T. Lusardi, dated as of March 17, 2021 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 22, 2021 (File No. 1-33834) 

10.12 
 
 Real Estate Sales Contract, dated as of February 7, 2022, between Rubicon Technology, Inc. and Capitol Trucking, Inc., a Texas corporation for the purchase of that parcel of real property commonly known as Fox Valley Business Park, Lot 101, Batavia, Illinois, 60510. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 9, 2022 (File No. 1-33834) 

10.13 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Section 382 Rights Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2022, by and between Rubicon Technology, Inc. and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 5, 2022 (File No. 1-33834) 

10.14 
 
 Form of First Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement, by and between Rubicon Technology, Inc. and Timothy E. Brog. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 5, 2022 (File No. 1-33834) 

10.15 
 
 Business Loan Agreement, dated August 15, 2022, between Rubicon Technology BP LLC and American Community Bank Trust 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 19, 2022 (File No. 1-33834) 

10.16 
 
 Promissory Note, dated August 15, 2022, between Rubicon Technology BP LLC and American Community Bank Trust 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 19, 2022 (File No. 1-33834) 

10.17 
 
 Commercial Guaranty, dated August 15, 2022, between Rubicon Worldwide LLC and American Community Bank Trust 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 19, 2022 (File No. 1-33834) 

10.18 
 
 Commercial Guaranty, dated August 15, 2022, between Rubicon Technology, Inc. and American Community Bank Trust 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 19, 2022 (File No. 1-33834) 

10.19 
 
 Mortgage, dated August 15, 2022, between Rubicon Technology BP LLC and American Community Bank Trust 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 19, 2022 (File No. 1-33834) 

10.20 
 
 Assignment of Rents, dated August 15, 2022, between Rubicon Technology BP LLC and American Community Bank Trust 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 19, 2022 (File No. 1-33834) 

10.21 
 
 Confidential Separation Agreement and General Release, dated February 20, 2023, by and between Timothy E. Brog and Rubicon Technology, Inc . 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 24, 2023 (File No. 1-33834) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 

44 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (incorporated by reference to the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 

99.1 
 
 Tender and Voting Agreement by and among Janel Corporation, Rubicon Technology, Inc. and Aldebaran Capital, LLC, dated July 1, 2022. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 5, 2022 (File No. 1-33834) 

99.2 
 
 Tender and Voting Agreement by and among Janel Corporation, Rubicon Technology, Inc. and Bandera Master Fund, L.P., dated July 1, 2022. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 5, 2022 (File No. 1-33834) 

99.3 
 
 Tender and Voting Agreement by and among Janel Corporation, Rubicon Technology, Inc. and Sententia Capital Management LLC, dated July 1, 2022. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 5, 2022 (File No. 1-33834) 

99.4 
 
 Tender and Voting Agreement by and among Janel Corporation, Rubicon Technology, Inc. and Poplar Point Capital Management, LLC, L.P., dated July 1, 2022. 
 
 Filed as Exhibit 99.4 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 5, 2022 (File No. 1-33834) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement of the Company. 

Submitted electronically with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

45 

Rubicon Technology, Inc. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Rubicon Technology, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Rubicon Technology, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements
of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December
31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

F- 2 

We identified the
valuation and presentation of inventory as a critical audit matter. The Company establishes inventory reserves when conditions exist
to suggest inventory may be in excess of anticipated demand or is obsolete based on customer specifications. The Company s
management evaluates the ability to realize the net carrying value of its inventory based on a combination of factors, including
forecasted sales, estimated current market value and changes in customers product specifications. Additionally, the Company
reduces the carrying values of its inventories for differences between the cost and the estimated net realizable value, which is
determined based on an estimated selling price less estimated costs of completion and disposal. Based on the likelihood of expected
consumption within the next operating cycle, generally 12 months, management makes a determination on the appropriate presentation
of inventory as a current or non-current asset in the financial statements. These were the principal considerations in our
determination that this was a critical audit matter. 

The primary procedures we performed to address
this critical audit matter included: (a) obtaining management s sales forecast, accompanying commentary regarding the forecast,
and relevant supporting documentation; (b) obtaining an understanding of management s process for determining the carrying value
at the lower of cost or estimated net realizable value of inventory, and testing that process by recalculating their estimates, independently
verifying the data used to develop those estimates, and obtaining supporting documents; (c) evaluating management s determination
of the expected usage within one year from December 31, 2022; and (d) performing a retrospective review of management s estimates
from the prior period. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

March 30, 2023 

F- 3 

Rubicon Technology, Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

As of 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in thousands, other 

than share data) 
 
 Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Short-term investments 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Other inventory supplies 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Assets held for sale 

Total current assets 

Grants receivable 

Inventories, non-current, net 

Property and equipment, net 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll 

Accrued and other current liabilities 

Corporate income and franchise taxes 

Accrued real estate taxes 

Advance payments 

Current portion of long term debt, net of unamortized finance costs 

Total current liabilities 

Long term debt, net of current portion and unamortized finance costs 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (see Note 11) 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock, par value, undesignated shares authorized, no shares issued or outstanding 

Common stock, par value shares authorized; and shares issued; and shares outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock, at cost, and shares 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Rubicon Technology, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in thousands, other 

than share data) 

Revenue 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Sales and marketing 

Gain on sale or disposal of assets 

Other gain 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

Other income: 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Realized gain on equity investments 

Grant revenue 

Total other income 

Income (loss) before income taxes from continuing operations 

Income tax expense 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes 

Net income (loss) 

Net income (loss) per common share: basic 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) per common share: diluted 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Weighted average common shares outstanding used in computing net income (loss) per common share 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Rubicon Technology, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
(Loss) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in thousands) 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income: 

Unrealized gain (loss) on investments, net of taxes 

Other comprehensive gain (loss) 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Rubicon Technology, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders 
Equity 

Common stock 
 Treasury stock 
 
 Stockholders equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accum other comp loss 
 Accum deficit 
 Total stockholders equity 

(in thousands other than share data) 
 
 Balance at January 1, 2021 

Stock-based compensation 

Common stock issued, net of shares withheld for employee taxes 

Unrealized loss on investments, net of tax 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Stock-based compensation 

Restricted stock issued, net of shares withheld for employee taxes 

Common stock issued, net of shares withheld for employee taxes 

Return of shareholder capital 

Unrealized gain on investments, net of tax 

Net income 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

Rubicon Technology, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in thousands) 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) from continuing operations to net cash used in continuing operations 

Depreciation and amortization 

Gain on sale or disposal of assets 

Gain on sale of equity investments 

Other gain 

Stock-based compensation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Other inventory supplies 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Grants receivable 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll 

Corporate income and franchise taxes 

Accrued real estate taxes 

Advance payments 

Accrued and other current liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities from continuing operations 

Cash flows from discontinued operations 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Proceeds from sale or disposal of assets 

Purchase of investments 

Proceeds from sale of investments 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from mortgage, net of escrow funding and loan costs 

Mortgage loan principal payments 

Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards 

Return of shareholder capital 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow: 

Cash paid for interest 

See Note 1 for cash and non-cash components of the mortgage transaction. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

Rubicon Technology, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

which are restricted from use by the Company until it can meet certain debt service ratio requirements. 

F- 9 

of its common stock. In July 2020, the Company used all of the
original authorized . 

for the repurchase of the Company s common stock. On July 5, 2022 the Company
announced that it had entered into a definitive Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement Purchase Agreement with Janel Corporation Janel ), pursuant to which Janel would commence a cash tender offer (the Offer to purchase up to of the
outstanding shares of Rubicon s common stock on a fully-diluted basis at a price of per share. The transaction was subsequently
consummated in August of 2022. Pursuant to the terms of the Company s stock repurchase plan, this transaction resulted in the automatic
termination of the plan. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The breakdown of accounts receivable
for continuing operations and discontinued operations is as follows: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Discontinued Operations: 

Trade receivables 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Balance of accounts receivable, net 

F- 10 

compared to at December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there was a reduction
in excess or obsolete inventory of , which was attributable to consumed inventory which had previously been reserved. For the
year ended December 31, 2021, there was a reduction in excess or obsolete inventory of , which was attributable to consumed
inventory which had previously been reserved. 

and , respectively, representing a
decrease of resulting from sales of related reserved inventory. In 2021 we sold inventory that was valued at the lower of cost
or market resulting in a reduction in both the lower of cost or market inventory reserve and cost of goods sold of . 

Work-in-process 

Finished goods 

of current inventory was reclassified as non-current. Also, during the year ended December 31,
2022, there were sales of non-current inventory totaling . 

F- 11 

. The Company realized net proceeds of approximately
 after the payment of real estate taxes, brokerage and legal fees, transfer taxes and other expenses. 

related to its pending ERC claim analogous to ASC Subtopic
958-605. Since the Company does not expect to receive the funds for the ERC claim for at least twelve months, the receivable has
been classified as a non-current asset on its balance sheet. 

Buildings 

Information systems 

Land and land improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

Total cost 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 
 
 Property and equipment, net 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

years 
 
 Machinery, equipment and tooling 
 
 - years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 
 years 
 
 Information systems 
 
 years 

F- 12 

Charged to cost of sales 

Actual product warranty expenditures 

Balance, end of period 

and
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

with American Community
Bank Trust (the Lender ). The Borrower is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The interest rate on the
Note is and it matures on August 15, 2027. The Note has a -year amortization schedule. Interest and principal payments will be made
on a monthly basis and a balloon payment will be made upon the maturity of the Note. The Borrower may pay, without penalty, a portion
or the entirety of the amount owed earlier than it is due. The Loan and Note have customary terms and provisions for default and increases
in payment. As part of the Loan the lender required approximately 12 months in payment reserves totaling which
are restricted from use by the Company until it can meet certain debt service ratio requirements. The Loan is secured by a real estate
mortgage encumbering the property commonly known as 900 E. Green Street, Bensenville, IL. Rubicon Worldwide LLC, and the Company entered
into unlimited commercial guaranty agreements in favor of the Lender. As of December 31, 2022, the Company is in compliance with all terms
and covenants related to the Loan and Note. 

F- 13 

Loan costs 

Escrow funding for property tax 

Net proceeds from mortgage loan 

Unamortized loan costs 

Total debt 

Less: short-term portion 

Long-term portion 

Amortization of loan costs 

Total interest expense 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

F- 14 

on deposit at financial institutions
in excess of amounts insured by the FDIC. This compares to as of December 31, 2021. The Company performs a periodic evaluation
of these institutions for relative credit standing. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and management believes
it is not exposed to any significant risk of loss on these balances. 

F- 15 

likelihood of being realized upon settlement. The Company recognizes
interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. There were no interest or penalties related to income taxes
that have been accrued or recognized as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 16 

Asia 

Other 

Total revenue 

Total short-term investments 

F- 17 

Investments: 

Available-for-sales securities current: 

U.S. Treasury securities 

Total 

Investments: 

Available-for-sales securities current: 

U.S. Treasury securities 

Total 

and of time deposits included in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 18 

Operating Expense (discontinued operations) 

Income/loss from operations of discontinued operations, net of taxes 

, , , , , and of its revenue from continuing operations.
For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had three customers that accounted for approximately , , and of its revenue
from continuing operations. 

of trade receivables accounted for approximately and of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

. The Company realized net proceeds of approximately
 after the payment of real estate taxes, brokerage and legal fees, transfer taxes and other expenses. 

F- 19 

to ,
consequently reducing the number of total authorized shares from to . With the completion of the reverse stock split,
the Company s shares began trading above the required per share closing bid price, as required by the Listing Qualifications
Department of NASDAQ. The share information has been retroactively reflected for the effects of this reverse stock split for all periods
presented. 

shares to shares. The Company
filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a Certificate of Amendment to decrease the authorized number of preferred shares,
consequently reducing the number of total authorized shares from to . 

shares of common stock for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding common stock options. Also, 
shares of the Company s common stock were reserved for future grants of stock options and RSUs (or other similar equity instruments)
under the Rubicon Technology, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan as of December 31, 2022. 

or more of the Company s outstanding common stock without the approval
of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ). 

per share, of the Company, payable to stockholders
of record date of the close of business on January 2, 2018. One Right will also be issued together with each share of the Company s
common stock issued after January 2, 2018 but before the Distribution Date (as defined below) and, in certain circumstances, after the
Distribution Date. Subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the Rights Agreement, if the Rights become exercisable, each Right
would initially represent the right to purchase from the Company one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred
Stock, par value per share, of the Company (the Series A Preferred Stock for a purchase price of . If issued,
each one-thousandth of a share of Series A Preferred Stock would give the stockholder approximately the same dividend, voting and liquidation
rights as does one share of common stock. However, prior to exercise, a Right does not give its holder any rights as a stockholder of
the Company, including, without limitation, any dividend, voting or liquidation rights. 

F- 20 

, and (ii) ten business
days (or such later date as may be specified by the Board prior to such time as any person becomes an Acquiring Person) after the commencement
of a tender or exchange offer by or on behalf of a person that, if completed, would result in such person becoming an Acquiring Person
(the Distribution Date ). 

or more of the Company s
assets, cash flow or earning power is sold or transferred, each holder of a Right (except Rights which have previously been voided) shall
thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise of the Right, common stock of the acquiring company having a value equal to two times
the purchase price. 

per Right
(the Redemption Price ). The redemption of the Rights may be made effective at such time, on such basis and with such conditions
as the Board in its sole discretion may establish. Immediately upon any redemption of the Rights, the right to exercise the Rights will
terminate and the only right of the holders of Rights will be to receive the Redemption Price. 

, (iii) will entitle holders upon liquidation (voluntary or otherwise)
to receive per share of Series A Preferred Stock plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions thereon,
whether or not declared, (iv) will have the same voting power as one share of common stock, and (v) will entitle holders to a per share
payment equal to the payment made on one share of the Company s common stock, if shares of the common stock are exchanged via merger,
consolidation, or a similar transaction. Because of the nature of the Series A Preferred Stock s dividend, liquidation and voting
rights, the value of a Unit of Series A Preferred Stock purchasable upon exercise of each Right should approximate the value of one share
of common stock. 

F- 21 

of the purchase price. 

shares.
Options granted under the 2007 Plan entitle the holder to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at the specified option
exercise price, which could not be less than the fair market value of the common stock on the grant date. On June 24, 2016, the 2007
Plan terminated with the adoption of the Rubicon Technology, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, (the 2016 Plan ). Any existing
awards under the 2007 Plan remain outstanding in accordance with their current terms under the 2007 Plan. In June 2016, the Company s
stockholders approved adoption of the 2016 Plan effective as of March 17, 2016, which allows for the grant of incentive stock options,
non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, RSUs, performance awards and bonus shares. The Compensation
Committee of the Board administers the 2016 Plan. The committee determines the type of award to be granted, the fair value, the number
of shares covered by the award, and the time when the award vests and may be exercised. 

F- 22 

shares of the Company s common stock plus any shares subject to outstanding awards under the 2007 Plan that subsequently
expire unexercised, are forfeited without the delivery of shares or are settled in cash, will be available for issuance under the 2016
Plan. 

Granted 

Exercised/issued 

Canceled/forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised/issued 

Canceled/forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

stock
options exercisable or outstanding. 

F- 23 

. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, neither tranche vested. 

Daily expected dividend yield 

Average daily risk-free interest rate 

. The RSUs granted in December 2021 had a
grant date fair value of . There were no grants with market price targets issued in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Granted 

Vested 

Cancelled 

Non-vested RSUs as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Cancelled 

Non-vested RSUs at December 31, 2022 

F- 24 

was recorded as compensation expense was recognized in the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31
2021, the Company recorded of RSU expense. The RSUs are forfeited by a participant upon termination for any reason, and there
is no proportionate or partial vesting in the periods between the vesting dates. As of December 31, 2021, there was of unrecognized
compensation cost related to the non-vested RSUs. 

to effective January 1, 2018. The SEC issued guidance, Staff Accounting Bulletin 118, on accounting for the tax effects of the
Act. The guidance allowed the Company to record provisional amounts for those impacts, with the requirement that the accounting be completed
in a period not to exceed one year from the date of enactment. The Company has completed its accounting for the tax effects of enactment
of the Act. The deemed inclusion from the repatriation tax increased from million at the time of provision to million at the
time the calculation was finalized for the tax return. The increase of the inclusion related primarily to the refinement of Malaysia earnings
and profits. As the Company is in a full valuation allowance position, an equal benefit adjustment was recorded for the impact of the
increase of the deemed repatriation tax. 

F- 25 

State taxes net of federal benefit 

Valuation allowance 

Inventory reserves 

Consumables excess reserve 

Accrued liabilities 

Warrant interest expense 

Stock compensation expense 

State net operating loss 

Net operating loss carryforward 

Capital loss carryforward 

Tax credits 

Depreciation 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liability: 

Prepaid expenses 

Net deferred tax liability 

F- 26 

million, million and , respectively. 
With the adoption of ASU 2016-09 in 2017, we recorded a deferred tax asset related to million of unrecorded Federal and State NOLs
attributable to stock option exercises. NOLs attributable to the stock option exercise were fully offset by the valuation allowance (as
described above). We have recorded an uncertain tax position of million that further reduces the net operating loss deferred tax
assets reported in the financial statements. In addition, at December 31, 2022, we had Federal research and development credits of
 , which will begin to expire in 2028. 

million of unrecognized tax benefits taken or expected
to be taken in a tax return that have been recorded on the Company s financial statements as an offset to the valuation allowance
related to tax positions taken in 2012. It is not reasonably possible that the amount will change in the next twelve months. There were
no material changes to prior year or current year positions taken during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

F- 27 

and , respectively. On January 6, 2021, Direct Dose entered into
a one-year lease for an aggregate commitment of approximately , which was terminated early per agreement with lessor as of September
9, 2021. 

Employees make
contributions to the Plan through payroll deferrals. Employer matching contributions are discretionary. There were no employer matching
contributions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

for the assignment to the Company by Mr. Brog of shares of common stock of the Company held by Mr. Brog. The Separation
Agreement also contained a general release of claims against the Company, as well as certain other customary covenants, including covenants
pertaining to non-disparagement and confidentiality. On February 24, 2023, the Board of Directors named Joseph Ferrara as the Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and approved an annual salary of and a bonus with terms to be agreed upon at a later date,
subject to the Company s customary compensation policies. 

F-28 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex21-1_rubicontech.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

Exhibit 21.1 

Rubicon Technologies, Inc. 

 Subsidiaries of the Company 

Name of subsidiary 
 
 State (or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 
 
 Rubicon Technology Worldwide LLC 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Rubicon Technology BP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Rubicon DTP LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_rubicontech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certifications 

Certification pursuant to Section 302
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Joseph Ferrara, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rubicon Technology, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I
am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Joseph Ferrara 

Joseph Ferrara 

Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Executive, Financial, and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_rubicontech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 

 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Rubicon Technology, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joseph Ferrara, Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer (Principal Executive, Financial, and Accounting Officer), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Joseph Ferrara 

Joseph Ferrara 

Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Executive, Financial, and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to the registrant and will be retained by the registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 rbcn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 rbcn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 rbcn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 rbcn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 rbcn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

