<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1609804_0001609804-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21860227</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>360450</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>9504763</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5328630</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3372697</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3013393</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001609804-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223194356
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001609804-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		137
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Orion Engineered Carbons S.A.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001609804
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS CHEMICAL PRODUCTS [2890]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36563
		FILM NUMBER:		23661795

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 CITY PLAZA DRIVE, SUITE 300
		CITY:			SPRING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77389
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(281) 381-2959

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 CITY PLAZA DRIVE, SUITE 300
		CITY:			SPRING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77389

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Orion Engineered Carbons S.a r.l.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140603

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001609804-23-000009.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 oec-20221231.htm
 10-K

oec-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _______________ to _______________ 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has electronically submitted every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No x 
 The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates, based upon the closing price for the common shares, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, of 15.53, was approximately billion. 
 The registrant had outstanding shares of common stock as of February 17, 2023. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Cautionary Statement for the Purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 
 i 
 PART I 
 1 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 8 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 
 Item 2. Properties 
 21 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 21 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 21 
 PART II 
 22 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 22 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 23 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 33 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 35 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 72 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 72 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 72 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 72 
 PART III 
 74 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 74 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 75 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 75 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 75 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 75 
 PART IV 
 76 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 76 
 Item 16. 10-K Summary 
 76 
 SIGNATURES 
 79 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. 

 Cautionary Statement for the Purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 
 This report contains and refers to certain forward-looking statements with respect to our financial condition, results of operations and business. These statements constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Forward-looking statements include, among others, statements concerning the potential exposure to market risks, statements expressing management s expectations, beliefs, estimates, forecasts, projections and assumptions and statements that are not limited to statements of historical or present facts or conditions. 
 Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as anticipate, assume, assure, believe, confident, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, objectives, outlook, probably, project, will, seek, target, to be, and other words of similar meaning. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements about the following matters: 
 our strategies for (i) strengthening our position in Specialty Carbon Black or and Rubber Carbon Black, (ii) increasing our Specialty or Rubber Carbon Black margins and (iii) strengthening the competitiveness of our operations; 
 our cash flow projections; 
 the installation and operation of pollution control technology in our United States U.S. manufacturing facilities pursuant to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA consent decree described herein; 
 the outcome of any in-progress, pending or possible litigation or regulatory proceedings; 
 the expectations regarding environmental-related costs and liabilities; 
 the expectations regarding the performance of our industry and the global economy, including with respect to foreign currency rates; 
 the sufficiency of our cash on hand and cash provided by operating activities and borrowings to pay our operating expenses, satisfy our debt obligations and fund capital expenditures; 
 the ability to pay dividends; 
 the ability to have access to new debt providers; 
 our anticipated spending on, and the timely completion and anticipated impacts of, capital projects including growth projects, emission reduction projects and the construction of new plants; 
 our projections and expectations for pricing, financial results and performance in 2023 and beyond; 
 the status of contract negotiations with counterparties and the impact of new contracts on our growth; 
 the implementation of our natural gas and other raw material consumption reduction contingency plan; 
 the demand for our specialty products; 
 our expectation that the markets we serve will continue to remain stable or grow; and 
 our ability to mitigate the impacts of the outbreak of COVID-19 and variances thereof. 
 All these forward-looking statements are based on estimates and assumptions that, although believed to be reasonable, are inherently uncertain. Therefore, undue reliance should not be placed upon any forward-looking statements. There are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, among others: 
 the negative or uncertain worldwide economic conditions and developments; 
 the volatility and cyclicality of the industries in which we operate; 
 the operational risks inherent in chemicals manufacturing, including disruptions due to technical facilities, severe weather conditions or natural disasters; 
 our dependence on major customers and suppliers; 
 the unanticipated fluctuations in demand for our specialty products, including due to factors beyond our control; 
 our ability to compete in the industries and markets in which we operate; 
 our ability to address changes in the nature of future transportation and mobility concepts which may impact our customers and our business; 
 our ability to develop new products and technologies successfully and the availability of substitutes for our products; 
 our ability to implement our business strategies; 
 our ability to respond to changes in feedstock prices and quality; 
 our ability to realize benefits from investments, joint ventures, acquisitions or alliances; 
 our ability to negotiate with counterparties on terms satisfactory to us, the satisfactory performance by such counterparties of their obligations to us, as well as our ability to meet our performance obligations towards such counterparties; 
 i 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. 

 our ability to realize benefits from planned plant capacity expansions and site development projects and impacts of potential delays to such expansions and projects; 
 our information technology systems failures, network disruptions and breaches of data security; 
 our relationships with our workforce, including negotiations with labor unions, strikes and work stoppages; 
 our ability to recruit or retain key management and personnel; 
 our exposure to political or country risks inherent in doing business in some countries; 
 any and all impacts from the Russian war against Ukraine and/or any escalation thereof as well as related energy shortages or other economic or physical impairments or disruptions; 
 the geopolitical events in the European Union EU ), relations amongst the EU member states as well as future relations between the EU and other countries and organizations; 
 the environmental, health and safety regulations, including nanomaterial and greenhouse gas emissions regulations, and the related costs of maintaining compliance and addressing liabilities; 
 the possible future investigations and enforcement actions by governmental, supranational agencies or other organizations; 
 our operations as a company in the chemical sector, including the related risks of leaks, fires and toxic releases; 
 the market and regulatory changes that may affect our ability to sell or otherwise benefit from co-generated energy; 
 any litigation or legal proceedings, including product liability, environmental or asbestos related claims; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property rights and know-how; 
 our ability to generate the funds required to service our debt and finance our operations; 
 any fluctuations in foreign currency exchange and interest rates; 
 the availability and efficiency of hedging; 
 any changes in international and local economic conditions, including with regard to the dollar and the euro, dislocations in credit and capital markets and inflation or deflation; 
 the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and results of operations; 
 the potential impairments or write-offs of certain assets; 
 any required increases in our pension fund contributions; 
 the adequacy of our insurance coverage; 
 any changes in our jurisdictional earnings mix or in the tax laws or accepted interpretations of tax laws in those jurisdictions; 
 any challenges to our decisions and assumptions in assessing and complying with our tax obligations; and 
 the potential difficulty in obtaining or enforcing judgments or bringing legal actions against Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. (a Luxembourg incorporated entity) in the U.S. or elsewhere outside Luxembourg; 
 any current or future changes to disclosure requirements and obligations, related audit requirements and our ability to comply with such obligations and requirements. 
 It is not possible for our management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. For further information regarding factors that could affect our business and financial results and the related forward-looking statements, see Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 ii 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview 
 Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. Orion , Company , we , our , or OEC is a Luxembourg joint stock corporation soci t anonyme or S.A.), incorporated on July 28, 2014 as a Luxembourg limited liability company soci t responsabilit limit e ). Our registered office is located at 6, Route de Tr ves, L-2633 Senningerberg (Municipality of Niederanven), Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. Our principal executive office is located in Spring, Texas, U.S. 
 We are a leading global manufacturer of carbon black products. Carbon black is a powdered form of carbon that is used to create the desired physical, electrical and optical qualities of various materials. Carbon black products are primarily used as additives for the production of polymers, batteries, printing inks and coatings Specialty Carbon Black or Specialty and in the reinforcement of rubber polymers Rubber Carbon Black or Rubber ). Our core competencies include the ability to engineer the physical properties of carbon black to meet the functional needs of our customers. The Company is one of the largest global producers of Specialty and Rubber Carbon Black. 
 We currently operate 14 wholly owned production facilities in Europe, North and South America, South Africa, and Asia, including Huaibei, China (to begin commercial production in 2023 , and one jointly-owned production facility at Dortmund, Germany. In addition to our headquarters in Luxembourg, we have our principal executive office in Spring, Texas (U.S.), as well as offices in Frankfurt (Germany), Cologne (Germany), Shanghai (China), Seoul (South Korea), Tokyo (Japan) and other locations. Our principal research and development R D center is located in Cologne (Germany). We also have laboratories to support our customers in Carlstadt, New Jersey (U.S.), Shanghai (China) and Yeosu (South Korea). 
 We are a premium supplier of carbon black generating long-term benefits for stakeholders while remaining committed to responsible business practices with a focus on team culture, reliability, quality and sustainability. 
 Our business is organized into two reportable segments: Specialty Carbon Black and Rubber Carbon Black. Our business segments are discussed in more detail later in this section. 
 Our internet address is www.orioncarbons.com. We make available free of charge on or through our website, our Annual Reports in Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports in Form 10-Q, current reports in Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such material with, or furnishing it to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Information appearing on our website is not a part of, and is not incorporated in, this Annual Report in Form 10-K. 
 
 Products and Applications 
 Carbon black is manufactured in a highly controlled process to produce particles and aggregates of varied structure and surface chemistry, resulting in many different performance characteristics for a wide variety of applications. 
 
 Specialty Carbon Black 
 The Company manufactures Specialty Carbon Black for a broad range of specialized applications such as polymers, batteries, printing and coatings. The various production processes result in a wide range of different Specialty Carbon Black grades with respect to their primary particle size, structure, surface area and surface chemistry. These parameters affect jetness, tinting strength, undertone, dispersibility, electrical conductivity and other characteristics. Carbon black is an additive that enhances the physical, electrical and optical properties of our customer s end products. 
 We have several post-treated Specialty Carbon Black grades for coatings and printing applications, as well as several high purity carbon black grades for the fiber industry and conductive carbon black grades for polymers, coatings and new markets, such as for battery electrodes. Our specialty grades of carbon black are used to impart color, provide rheology control, enhance conductivity and static charge control, provide UV protection, enhance mechanical properties and provide formulation flexibility through surface treatment. These specialty carbon products are used in a wide variety of applications, such as coatings, inks, plastics, adhesives, toners and batteries. 
 a. Products 
 i. Carbon Black for Coatings We offer a broad range of Specialty Carbon Black products for coatings, which includes products used for pigmentation in black coatings and protection of various other coatings (e.g., automotive base coats and architectural coatings), for conductivity and for tinting, as well as for paints and for light tinting in transparent coatings (e.g., metallic effects and wood glazing). The diversity of our manufacturing processes allows for the creation of a wide range of Specialty Carbon Black grades with different structures and chemical properties, thereby allowing our products to impart unique characteristics to our customers products. 
 1 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 ii. Carbon Black for Polymers We offer Specialty Carbon Black for polymers in a diverse range of end markets including pipe (e.g., gas, oil, municipal water, sewage), construction, energy distribution (e.g., power cables), automotive, agriculture and consumer packaging. Certain products within this portfolio provide UV protection against polymer degradation for material such as pipe used for potable water, injection molding, agriculture films and cables. Other products include standard- to high-performance grades designed and modified to provide electrical conductivity, antistatic and reinforcing properties to many different polymer applications, including high-voltage cables, film and high-pressure pipes. 
 iii. Carbon Black for Printing We offer Specialty Carbon Black for printing inks used in different printing systems and applications. We apply different process technologies to offer highly specialized products meeting specific requirements, including compliance with food-contact regulations and specially formulated products that require unique attributes such as color undertone, optical density and gloss. 
 iv. Carbon Black for Batteries We also offer Specialty Carbon Black for wide range of energy storage applications such as lead-acid batteries, dry cells, supercapacitors and lithium-ion batteries. The products, which are manufactured in different production processes, function as high purity additives to provide electrical conductivity to increase the performance of batteries. 
 b. Competition 
 We are one of the largest global producers of Specialty Carbon Black. There are two other large global producers of Specialty Carbon Black. As a top three producer of Specialty Carbon Black, we leverage R D and applications technology platforms to tailor products to customer needs and to introduce our products into new application niches. 
 
 Rubber Carbon Black 
 Our Rubber Carbon Black products are used in tires and mechanical rubber goods MRG ). Rubber Carbon Black are used to enhance the physical properties of the systems and applications in which they are incorporated. Rubber Carbon Black have traditionally been used in the tire industry as a rubber reinforcing agent to increase tread durability and are also used as a performance additive to reduce rolling resistance and improve traction. In MRG, such as hoses, belts, extruded profiles and molded goods, Rubber Carbon Black are used to improve the physical performance of the product, including the product s physical strength, fluid resistance, conductivity and resistivity. 
 a. Products 
 i. Carbon Black for Tires We offer a broad range of carbon black products for tires, which includes high reinforcing grades and semi-reinforcing grades. Fine particle reinforcing grade carbon black is used mostly in the tread of tires. Other reinforcing grade carbon black is also used in different components of the tire carcass. In addition to standardized grades, we produce advanced grades tailored to meet specific customer performance requirements, such as ECORAX grades designed to lower rolling resistance and high-performance grades for truck tires and high- and ultra-high-performance passenger car tires. 
 ii. Carbon Black for Mechanical Rubber Goods We produce a wide range of carbon black products for a variety of MRG end-uses, including automotive production, construction, as well as certain food, consumer and medical applications. These grades have an exceptionally high purity and high consistency and satisfy special requirements needed for smooth surfaces and electrical resistance. These grades also disperse well in rubber compounds used in parts like window seals, automotive hoses, transmission belts, damping elements and electrically conductive and antistatic rubber goods. 
 b. Competition 
 We are one of the leading global producers of Rubber Carbon Black. We compete with two other global companies and multiple regional companies. The smaller regional suppliers mainly participate in standard and MRG applications and are less likely to provide specialized products used in higher end tire and MRG applications. Competition for our Rubber Carbon Black products is generally based on product quality and performance, technical innovation and customer service. 

Drivers of Demand 
 Besides general global economic conditions, certain specific drivers of demand for carbon black differ among our operating segments. Specialty Carbon Black has a wide variety of end-uses and demand is largely driven by the growth and development of the coatings, polymers, printing and battery industries. Demand for Specialty Carbon Black in the coatings and polymers industries is mainly influenced by the levels of industrialization, automobile original equipment manufacturer OEM demand, infrastructure development, consumer spending and construction activity. Demand for Specialty Carbon Black in the printing industry is mainly influenced by developments in print media and packaging materials. Demand for Specialty Carbon Black in the batteries industry is driven by electric vehicle penetration, growth of consumer and industrial batteries, and energy storage systems. Demand for Rubber Carbon Black is largely driven by the growth and development of the automotive tire, commercial tire and MRG industries. Demand for Rubber Carbon Black in tires is mainly influenced by the number of replacement and original equipment tires produced, which in turn is driven by (i) the number of miles driven, (ii) vehicle trends, including the number of vehicles produced and registered, (iii) demand for larger vehicles, such as trucks and buses, (iv) demand for high-performance tires, (v) consumer and industrial spending on new vehicles, and (vi) changes in regulatory requirements. 
 2 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 Demand for Rubber Carbon Black in MRG is mainly influenced by vehicle production and design trends, construction activity and general industrial production. 
 Demand in the developed Western European and North American regions is mainly driven by demographic changes, customers high-quality requirements, truck freight activity, stringent tire regulation standards and relatively stable tire replacement demand. Demand in developing markets, such as China, Southeastern Asia, South America and Eastern Europe, is mainly driven by the growing middle class, rapid industrialization, infrastructure spending and increasing car ownership trends. The growth in vehicle production in turn drives demand for both original equipment tire manufacturing and replacement tires in developing regions. 
 
 Customer Contracts 
 Most of our long-term contracts, 12 months or longer, contain formula-driven price adjustment mechanisms for changes in raw material and/or energy costs. We sell carbon black under the following two main categories of contracts based on price adjustment mechanisms: 
 Contracts with feedstock adjustments (indexed contracts) This category includes contracts with monthly or, in some cases, quarterly automatic feedstock and/or energy cost adjustments, which cover approximately 70 of our global volumes; 
 Non-indexed contracts This category includes short-term contracts (usually shorter than three months) where sales prices of our carbon black products are not linked to carbon black oil market prices. 
 Many of our indexed contracts allow for periodic price adjustments, while a small portion (by volume sold) allow for quarterly price adjustments. These contracts have enabled us to reduce the impact of fluctuations in oil prices on our margins; however, rapid and significant oil price fluctuations have had and are likely to continue to have significant effects on our earnings and results of operations given (i) not all contracts contain price adjustment mechanisms and (ii) the value of our productivity improvements rises and falls with oil price movements. 
 See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business We are subject to volatility in the costs, quality and availability of raw materials and energy, which could decrease our production volumes and margins and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Sales prices under non-indexed contracts are reviewed on a regular basis to reflect raw material and energy price fluctuations as well as overall market conditions. 
 
 Raw Materials 
 The principal raw material used in the manufacture of carbon black is carbon black oil comprised of residual heavy oils derived from petroleum refining operations, the distillation of coal tars and the production of ethylene throughout the world. The majority of our carbon black oil supply is covered by short and long-term contracts with a wide variety of suppliers. Natural gas is also used in the production of carbon black. These raw material costs generally are influenced by the availability of various types of carbon black feedstock and natural gas, supply and demand of such raw materials and related transportation costs. Changes in our raw material supplier s operating conditions and demand for their products could reduce the availability of certain very specialized feedstocks. 
 
 Seasonality 
 Our business is generally not seasonal in nature, although our results of operations are generally weaker in the last three months of a calendar year. 
 
 Innovation 
 We enjoy a long-standing reputation within the industry for carbon black product and process technology, applications knowledge and innovation. Carbon black products are highly versatile and meet specific performance requirements across many industries. This creates significant opportunities for product and process innovation. Further product innovations are a key competitive factor in the industry, even after decades of R D in this field. 
 We maintain product applications and process development centers in Europe, Asia and the Americas. Our Innovation Group is divided into applications technology and process development teams, which cover both Specialty Carbon Black and Rubber Carbon Black. The applications technology team works closely with our major clients to develop innovative products and expand the applications range for carbon black products. The process development team works closely with our manufacturing and procurement teams to improve production processes, product quality and cost structure. 
 Our Innovation function s leading center of excellence is located in Cologne (Germany) to support and enhance our global innovation function or R D activities. This center includes applications technology laboratories and process development staff, co-located with our pilot process development facilities. Staffing in our Cologne technical center includes physicists, chemists and engineers who can effectively and efficiently collaborate to create and analyze various carbon black properties with a goal to develop new products to meet customer requirements. Common processes and information technology tools further enhance coordination and communication with our regional technical centers located in China, South Korea and the U.S. 
 3 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 Applications Technology Our goal is to remain at the forefront of the industry in terms of product development by having dedicated applications technology facilities. Success relies on close collaboration with customers, often through long-term R D alliances, which create superior technical interfaces. These interactions enable us to develop tailored solutions and meet unique customer requirements. 
 Our applications technology team brings together a deep knowledge of carbon black technology with an understanding of the key applications practiced by our customers. This team has access to extensive laboratory and testing facilities using similar formulations, processing and test methods employed by our customers. Customer collaborations often include cooperative testing with customers staff in our facilities. Applications technology provides a key customer and market interface and translates specific customer needs into carbon black product attributes. 
 Applications technology plays a supporting role in the process of new product launches by providing technical data and presentations, training and support, and establishing and monitoring quality targets. This team works closely with customers to provide support during the qualification cycle, which can be long and may last over one year. This close cooperation decreases the likelihood of customers switching suppliers once a product has been approved. 
 Product quality test methods and applications testing are defined within the applications technology team. Methods are developed centrally and deployed worldwide to relevant production and applications laboratories to assure consistency in measurements and reporting. 
 
 Intellectual Property We consider intellectual property development and management as a source of strategic competitive advantage. We initiate and maintain patents and trademarks, with varying expiration dates, on a number of our products and processes. We sell our products under a variety of patents and trademarks we own and we take reasonable measures to protect them. 
 In connection with the separation of our business from Evonik Industries AG, Germany Evonik ), Evonik assigned to us its intellectual property that was exclusively used in its carbon black business and granted certain intellectual property rights that are still also in use in Evonik s retained business in turn for us granting certain intellectual property rights to Evonik for fields outside of carbon black. Consequently, we may be restricted in leveraging intellectual property that we use on the basis of a license from Evonik or the intellectual property that is subject to grant-back licenses when expanding our business into fields outside of carbon black. For additional information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risks We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights successfully. 
 
 Human Capital 
 We are a group of individuals who share one common passion: carbon black. Our success depends on attracting, recruiting, training and developing a diverse, talented global workforce. We are committed to providing our employees with opportunities for learning and career growth in an environment where their knowledge and inputs are valued and creativity and innovation are encouraged. To this end, our aspiration is to be the employer of choice in our industry and the communities where we are located. 
 Aligning employee engagement and enablement remains a key component for the continued success of Orion. We have built a value system around a foundation of appreciating our employees through trust, respect and development. To ensure our employees are both motivated to do their work and equipped with the right tools and training to be successful, we start with listening. We use employee surveys and feedback sessions to help ensure all the voices of our employees are heard. We continue to use the feedback from our employee surveys and other feedback sessions to prioritize our human capital strategy and continue to upgrade our talent management programs, focusing on specific actions to improve learning and to promote employee development and career growth. Our talent programs are made up of several components: 
 formal learning programs to equip individual employees with the technical and functional skills required for their current and future roles; 
 on-the-job training through assignments that provide new roles and projects; 
 formal and informal mentoring programs; 
 succession planning; 
 formal and informal performance reviews with line managers and others; and 
 individual development plans. 
 Orion is made up of approximately 1,600 employees with manufacturing plants, laboratories and offices in 24 locations across 13 countries in three regions (Americas, Asia/Pacific APAC and Europe/Middle East/Africa EMEA )). Inspiring the entire Orion workforce to function as one team is critical to our success. We believe this is possible when we accept and value each individual. Indeed, valuing people is one of Orion s core values, which define who we are and the expectation we have of all Orion colleagues in our interactions with other employees, customers, suppliers and within the communities where we operate. Building on this foundation, we value our people 
 4 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 irrespective of their nationality, race, gender, citizenship status, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, gender identification, religion or philosophy, disability and age, among others; and we strive to put this into practice when hiring, developing and retaining talent. 
 A focus on promoting from within has led to continued increases in internal fill rates for open positions and the involvement of business leaders across the organization in talent reviews to assess employees on performance and future potential. These talent reviews continue to identify high potential employees, build bench strength, increase retention and help us identify our future leaders and innovators. These reviews also allow us to identify gaps in our organization and the actions needed to fill those gaps. 
 We uphold the freedom of association and fully recognize the right of collective bargaining. Certain of our employees worldwide are represented through unions and works councils. We value exchanging information and views with the local unions and works councils with the view to finding solutions to our common issues and ensuring success for both our employees and the Company. 
 
 Labor Relations 
 Our employees are represented by labor unions, industry groups and works councils in accordance with local law and practices. Membership in employee labor unions varies in accordance with the business area, local practice and country. We have entered into collective bargaining agreements with employee labor unions either directly or as members of industry-wide unions or employer organizations. Approximately 70 of our employees are covered by such agreements. These agreements typically govern, among other things, terms and conditions of employment and reflect the prevailing practices in each country. We believe we have stable relations with our employees and voluntary turnover is low. 
 In 2017, 35 of the former employees in our closed facility in Amb s, France filed claims with the labor court of Bordeaux contesting the termination of their employment and seeking damages. Of these claims 30 are pending in the courts and our results of operations reflect accruals made by us to satisfy our best estimate of these claims should the former employees prevail. 
 
 Environmental, Health and Safety Matters 
 Protection of people and the environment, fair treatment of our partners and a clear alignment to our customers needs are essential components of our activities. We strive not only to comply with all applicable laws and voluntary obligations, but to continuously improve our performance and management systems. Our integrated global management system with established standards and processes is based on the principles of the Responsible Care, International Organization for Standardization s ISO 9001 Quality Management System, ISO 14001 Environmental Management Systems and ISO 45001 Safety Management Systems. All of our operating sites are third-party certified to ISO 14001 and ISO 9001 standards. Our global management system outlines our processes and procedures practiced in relation to environmental protection, occupational safety, industrial hygiene and quality management as well as sustainable compliance and product stewardship. 
 Our annual sustainability report is accessible on our webpage: www.orioncarbons.com. Our sustainability report is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report in Form 10-K. 
 Our operations involve the use, processing, handling, storage and transportation of materials that are subject to international, national and local environmental and safety laws and regulations. All of our production facilities require operating permits. We believe that our operations are currently in substantial compliance with all applicable environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Our management systems and practices are designed to ensure compliance with laws and regulations, and increasingly stringent regulation may require us to make additional unforeseen environmental, health and safety expenditures. 
 Environmental 
 Air Quality One of the main environmental challenges of a carbon black plant is the management of exhaust gas from production processes. This exhaust gas contains a number of regulated pollutants, including carbon monoxide, nitrogen oxides and sulfur compounds. The most common method for controlling these gases is through combustion, which produces useable energy as a by-product. Currently, eight manufacturing sites, including one jointly owned production facility, have the capability to beneficially utilize these gases through some form of energy co-generation, such as the sale or reuse of steam, gas or electricity. 
 The primary air pollutants of concern include sulfur dioxide SO 2 ), nitrogen oxides NOx and particulates. In order to maintain compliance with emission requirements in certain jurisdictions, we utilize various desulfurization and de-NOx processes. We control the particulate matter by using bag filter technology. 
 In the European Union, we are subject to the EU Directive No. 2010/75/EU on industrial emissions IED Directive ), which regulates pollution from industrial activities and includes rules aiming to reduce emissions into air, water and land and to prevent the generation of waste. In addition to the IED Directive and its implementation, European jurisdictions in which we operate may provide for further regulations regarding emission reduction and safety technology standards that apply to our facilities (for example, the German Emissions Control Act). The EU Commission is currently revising EU measures addressing pollution from large industrial installations, as announced in the European Green Deal. The aims of the revision are to progress towards the EU s zero pollution ambition for a toxic-free environment and to support climate, energy and circular economy policies. This includes the revision of the IED Directive. 
 5 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 In the U.S., we are subject to emissions limitations on prevention of significant deterioration PSD permits issued under the federal Clean Air Act CAA and a consent decree CD entered into with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA , as well as analogous state and local laws, which regulate the emission of air pollutants from our facilities and impose significant monitoring, record keeping and reporting requirements. See Note Q. Commitments and Contingencies to the Company s audited financial statements included in this Annual Report in Form 10-K for a description of the EPA CD. In addition, these laws and regulations require us to obtain pre-approval for the construction or modification of facilities expected to produce or significantly increase air emissions and to obtain and comply with air permits that include stringent conditions on air emissions and operations. In certain cases, we may need to incur capital and operating expenditures for specific equipment or technologies to control emissions. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, substantial administrative and capital expenditures to maintain compliance with CAA requirements. 
 Pursuant to the CAA, the EPA has developed industry-specific National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants NESHAPs for stationary sources classified as major on the basis of their hazardous air pollutant emissions. Under these, we are required to comply with Maximum Achievable Control Technology MACT standards. Our U.S. facilities are subject to MACT standards applicable to carbon black facilities, as well as MACT standards applicable to industrial boilers. The EPA amended existing carbon black MACT standards, which increased stack testing frequency and imposed more stringent startup and operating requirements for our U.S. plants. The U.S. plants are generally already compliant. We are in the process of confirming that we met the EPA requirements in 2022. 
 In China and South Korea, our operations have been subject to increasingly strict air quality regulations in recent years. We believe we are in substantial compliance with these regulatory changes in China and South Korea. We expect that future regulations may require additional capital and operating expenditures for specific equipment or technologies to control emissions that are being developed as needed to meet these new requirements. 
 Greenhouse Gas Regulation and Emissions Trading Our facilities also emit significant volumes of CO 2 . In the European Union EU ), all of our production facilities (except for our manufacturing site in France) are subject to the European Emission Trading System EU ETS for CO 2 emissions. Industrial sites to which the EU ETS applies receive a certain volume of allowances in metric tons to emit greenhouse gasses GHG and must surrender allowances in equivalent volume for each metric ton of greenhouse gas GHG emitted. Carbon black production is currently listed on the carbon leakage list, which allows receiving the significant share of needed emission allowances free of charge. From January 1, 2021, the EU ETS has stepped into its Phase 4 period running until 2030. However, as part of the EU Green Deal the EU has adopted a climate law enshrining its new climate targets of at least a 55 reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 compared to 1990 levels and net zero by 2050. The European Commission published its first part of the Fit for 55 package in July 2021 to enable the EU to meet those targets. The actual EU ETS is expected to be subject to regular reviews and possible changes in order to ensure the way to achieve those climate reduction targets. 
 The design concept of the South Korean ETS is similar to the EU ETS. We may need to purchase emission rights to cover the shortfall where emissions exceed the quantity of free allowances, incurring additional costs. 
 In the United States, the EPA regulates GHG emissions under the CAA and has adopted rules that require reporting of GHG emissions by owners and operators of facilities in certain source categories, which include our facilities. At the state level, some states have already taken legal measures to reduce emissions of GHG, primarily through the planned development of GHG emission inventories and/or regional GHG cap-and-trade programs. Currently none of our plants are located in states that have implemented GHG cap-and-trade programs, but there is no assurance that future changes will not materially affect our operations or require material capital expenditures. The adoption of legislation or regulations that require reporting of GHG, establish permitting thresholds based on GHG emissions or otherwise limit or impose compliance obligations for emissions of GHG from our equipment and operations could require us to incur costs to obtain and comply with permits, reduce emissions of GHG associated with our operations or purchase carbon offsets or allowances. 
 There are also ongoing discussions and regulatory initiatives in other countries in which we have facilities, regarding GHG emission reduction programs. For instance, South Africa has adopted a CO 2 tax regime. 
 Water Quality Our plants are net consumers of water and are generally subject to laws and regulations related to water management. Most of our plants recycle a substantial amount of the water used in the manufacturing process, which is used as quench water in the cooling process. 
 Contamination As we handle chemicals that could cause water or soil contamination, we may be subject to remediation obligations under national laws. Additionally, third parties have in the past and may in the future be able to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the release of hazardous substances or other pollutants into the environment. 
 In particular, the German Federal Act on Soil Protection requires the prevention of soil contamination by taking adequate precautions. In the United States, our facilities are subject to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act CERCLA ), the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA and similar state laws. CERCLA establishes liability for parties, including current and former site owners and operators, generators, and transporters, in connection with releases of hazardous substances. Under CERCLA, we may be subject to liability without regard to fault or the lawfulness of the disposal or other activity. RCRA is the principal federal statute regulating the generation, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous and other wastes. RCRA and state hazardous waste regulations impose detailed operating, inspection, training and response standards and requirements for permitting, closure, remediation, financial responsibility, record keeping and reporting. Our sites have areas currently and formerly used as landfills that are subject to regulation under RCRA, and certain of our facilities have been investigated and remediated under RCRA. These laws and regulations may 
 6 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 also expose us to liability for acts that were in compliance with applicable laws at the time we performed those acts. We could incur significant costs in connection with investigation and remediation activities or claims asserted at current or former facilities or third-party sites. 
 Non-hazardous and Hazardous Waste In some jurisdictions in which we operate, we are subject to provisions regarding waste management and the handling and storage of hazardous substances. We generate both hazardous and non-hazardous wastes at our facilities that we manage in accordance with applicable regulations. Waste streams generated at our facilities include but are not limited to office trash, carbon black, solvents, refractory materials, catalyst materials, and non-saleable sulfuric acid. Certain facilities have on-site landfills permitted for the disposal of non-hazardous solid waste, but we are not currently using these landfills to dispose of waste. Any waste that is not recycled or reused is managed off site in compliance with local regulations. 
 Chemical Regulations Some jurisdictions we operate in have established regimes to regulate or control chemical products to ensure the safe manufacture, use and disposal of chemicals. 
 In the European Union, the Regulation on Registration, Evaluation, Authorization of Chemicals REACH requires chemical manufacturers and importers in the European Union to register all chemicals manufactured in, or imported into the European Union in quantities of more than one metric ton annually. Registration has to be made with the European Chemicals Agency ECHA ), and the use of certain highly hazardous chemicals must be authorized by ECHA. Furthermore, REACH contains rules on bringing substances to the market that have been identified as substances of very high concern. In the United States, we are subject to federal and state chemical regulations. Under the Toxic Substances Control Act TSCA ), the EPA is required to maintain a list of each chemical substance that is manufactured or processed, including imports. This inventory plays a central role in the regulation of most industrial chemicals in the United States. Carbon black is listed and maintained as an active substance in the TSCA Chemical Substance Inventory, and all our facilities are subject to chemical data reporting rules CDR ). Under CDR we are required to submit basic exposure information to EPA every five years. In California, we are subject to the California Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act, which imposes labeling and record keeping requirements. In South Korea, under its Chemical Control Act, coal-based feedstock oils such as crude coal tar CCT ), coal tar distillate CTD and soft pitch oil SPO containing more than 0.1 quinoline are treated as hazardous chemicals requiring production sites to be duly licensed. 
 We are a member of the International Carbon Black Association (the ICBA ). The ICBA seeks to address common environmental, health and safety issues, undertakes research on health implications of carbon black, and serves as the leading advocate for the industry in the regulatory and public-interest arenas. The ICBA funds research on international environmental, health, product safety and workplace safety matters. 
 We are also a member of the European consortium for carbon black cb4REACH Consortium which has pre-registered and registered carbon black with ECHA as required by the REACH Regulation. Besides the Company, the following companies are members of the cb4REACH Consortium: Cabot Corporation, Cancarb Limited, Birla Carbon, Continental Carbon Company, Tokai Carbon CB Ltd. and Imerys Graphite Carbon. 
 Health and Safety The health and safety of our employees and customers is one of our highest priorities. We strive to continually improve and attain the top performance on occupational injury and illness rates as compared to the chemical industry. New employees and contractors working and visitors on site are given environmental, health and safety EHS training, and we keep track of EHS concerns and issues from our employees. Employees are required to report incidents including near misses into the electronic EHS management system. Our sites are required to implement and report EHS leading and lagging indicators for EHS performance. Plant managers are required to track and monitor these leading and lagging indicators and take action as appropriate. Leading and lagging indicator data and incidents are reviewed by senior management on a monthly basis. 
 Product Stewardship Carbon black is produced under controlled conditions and has high purity levels. It therefore differs from other combustion products that may contain high concentrations of hazardous compounds. Due to its high purity, certain carbon black grades are permitted for use in cosmetics or in products in contact with food. 
 The International Agency for Research on Cancer IARC classifies carbon black as a Group 2B substance (possible human carcinogen). We have communicated IARC s classification of carbon black to our customers and employees in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements. Based on IARC s classification some regulatory jurisdictions now classify carbon black as a possible carcinogen. The Permanent Senate Commission for the Investigation of Health Hazards of Chemical Compounds in the Work Area (the MAK Commission of the German Research Foundation Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft ), which uses a different rating system, classifies carbon black as a suspect carcinogen (Category 3). Any risk reclassification of our raw materials, intermediates or finished product could result in increased operating costs or affect product lines or sales. 
 The Community Rolling Action Plan CoRAP indicates substances for evaluation by the member states of the European Union. The evaluation aims to clarify the initial concern that manufacturing and/or use of shortlisted substances could pose a risk to human health or the environment. With ECHA's update of the CoRAP list in March 2016, Carbon black was included in CoRAP for substance evaluation in 2018 though such evaluation has been postponed several times. With ECHA s most recent update from December 2022, the carbon black substance evaluation is proposed to be further delayed to 2025. The substance evaluation for carbon black was proposed by France. The initial reasons of concern raised by the French Agency for Food, Environmental and Occupational Health Safety ANSES relate to carbon black being an alleged carcinogenic substance and a suspected reproduction toxicant. Orion is working as a member of the 
 7 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 cb4REACH Consortium and ICBA to address the reasons for nomination. The conclusion of the evaluation may have significant business impact should ANSES conclude that carbon black poses a risk to human health. A potential outcome could be a harmonized classification and labeling of carbon black for carcinogenicity and toxicity to reproduction. These developments may significantly affect our business, including increasing costs of doing business. 
 According to the recommendation of October 18, 2011 (EU COM 2011/696/EU), the majority of carbon black grades are defined as a nanomaterial in Europe. This status for carbon black has not changed with the most recent update of the recommendation of June 10, 2022 (2022/C 229/01). The ISO developed the ISO TC 229 Nanotechnologies, which considers carbon black as a nano-structured material. Other countries (such as, the U.S., Canada, France, Belgium, Sweden, Switzerland, etc.) have implemented notification schemes related to nanomaterials. In Europe, Commission Regulation (EU) 2018/1881 as of December 3, 2018 amending REACH introduced new information requirements for substances with forms meeting the definition criteria of EU COM 2011/696/EU. The notification of carbon black under the different notification schemes as well as meeting the new nano-related information requirements under REACH requires capital and resource commitments to compile and file dossiers. Furthermore, more and more specific requirements for substances regarded as nanomaterials are emerging within Europe. For example, Germany is planning to introduce a more stringent Occupational Exposure Limit for nanomaterials. These developments may significantly affect our business, including increasing costs of doing business. 
 
 Further Regulatory Matters 
 We are subject to further governmental regulation from state, national, European Union and other international regulatory authorities concerning, among other things: product safety, export and import control regulations and other customs regulations, data protection and our competitive and marketplace conduct. We believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with these regulations. We cannot guarantee, however, that any future changes in the requirements or mode of enforcement of these laws and regulations will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The following risks may have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties of which we are not presently aware or that we currently deem immaterial could also materially affect our business operations and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 Negative or uncertain worldwide economic conditions may result in business volatility and may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our operations and performance are materially affected by worldwide economic conditions. Because carbon black is used in a diverse group of end products, demand for carbon black has historically been related to real gross domestic product GDP and general global economic conditions. In particular, a large part of our sales has direct exposure to the cyclical automotive industry and, to a lesser extent, the construction industry. As a result, certain parts of our business experience a level of cyclicality. The nature of our business and our large fixed asset base make it difficult to rapidly adjust our fixed costs downward when demand for our products declines, which could materially affect our profitability. A global or regional economic downturn has in the past, and may in the future, reduce demand for our products, which would decrease our revenue and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In periods with significant market turmoil and tightened credit availability, we could experience difficulties in collecting accounts receivable, pricing pressure and reduced global or local business activity. 
 Our customers may terminate or attempt to amend their agreements for the purchase of our products due to decline in their demand and production, bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, lack of funding, operational failures, force majeure, hardship or other reasons. The current energy, financial, economic, and capital markets environment, and future developments in these and other areas present material uncertainty and risk with respect to our performance, financial condition, volume of business, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Our business is subject to operational risks, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our operations are subject to hazards inherent in chemicals manufacturing and the related use, storage, transportation and disposal of feedstocks, products and wastes, including, but not limited to, fires and explosions, accidents, accidental oil or products releases, severe weather and natural disasters (including hurricanes, tornadoes, ice storms, droughts, floods and earthquakes, some of which are significantly increasing in likelihood because of climate change), pandemics or epidemics, mechanical failures, unscheduled downtime at our production facilities or at facilities that supply raw materials to us, transportation interruptions, disruption to harbor-, road-, pipeline- or storage tank-access, pipeline, tank and silos leaks and ruptures, quality problems, technical difficulties, energy grid shutdowns, discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases, other environmental risks, sabotage, acts of terrorism or other acts of violence as well as potential boycotts, strikes, sanctions or blockades. 
 Such events could disrupt our supply of raw materials or otherwise affect sales, production, transportation and delivery of our products or affect demand for our products. We could incur significant expenditures in connection with such operational risks. These may be caused both by external and internal factors noted above as well as war, strikes, official orders, technical interruptions, material defects, accidents 
 8 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 or mistakes. In all of these cases, our property, third-party property or the environment may sustain damage, or there may be human exposure to hazardous substances, personal injuries or fatalities. Such events could result in material financial liabilities, civil or criminal law consequences, the temporary or permanent closure of the relevant production or administrative sites or power plants and a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We are dependent on major customers for a significant portion of our sales, and a significant adverse change in a customer relationship could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Customer concentration is driven by the consolidated nature of the industries we serve. In 2022, our top ten customers accounted for approximately 51 of our volume measured in thousand metric tons kmt ). Our success in continuing to strengthen relationships and grow our business with our largest customers and retaining their business over extended time periods could affect our future results. The loss of any of our major customers (including due to industry consolidation) or a reduction in volumes sold to them, could adversely affect our results of operations. Any deterioration in the financial condition of any of our customers or the industries they operate in or serve that impairs our customers ability to place orders or make payments to us could decrease our sales or increase our uncollectible receivables and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We may not be able to compete successfully in the industries and markets in which we operate. 
 The industries in which we operate are highly competitive based on price, product innovation, product quality, distribution capability, and industry and customer knowledge. We face competition from global and regional suppliers, both in developed and in emerging regions. While we aim to operate at low cost and are focused on reducing our fixed and variable cost base across our production chain, there may be improvements in the cost competitiveness of other manufacturers relative to us or in the performance properties of substitutable products and raw materials, which could result in advantages for our competitors and adversely affect our business. Furthermore, some of our competitors may have greater financial and other resources, enhanced access to governmental funding and a larger capitalization than we have. If we are unable to respond successfully to changing competitive conditions, the demand for our products could be adversely affected which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We may not successfully develop new products and technologies that address our customers changing requirements or competitive challenges, and our customers may substitute our products by using other products we do not offer. 
 The industries into which we sell our products are subject to periodic technological changes, ongoing product improvements, product substitution and changes in customer requirements. Increased competition from existing or newly developed products offered by our competitors or companies whose products offer a similar or better functionality to our products may negatively affect demand for our products. We work to identify, develop and market innovative products on a timely basis to meet our customers changing requirements and competitive challenges. Should we not be able to substantially maintain or further develop our product portfolio, customers may elect to source comparable or other products from competitors, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Although carbon black continues to offer opportunities for product and process innovation, we cannot be certain that the investments we make in our innovations will result in proportional increases in revenue or profits. In addition, the timely commercialization of products that we are developing may be disrupted or delayed by manufacturing or other technical difficulties, industry acceptance or insufficient industry size to support a new product, competitors new products, and difficulties in moving from the experimental stage to the production stage. These disruptions or delays could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 As a reinforcing agent in certain rubber applications, carbon black competes primarily with precipitated silica in combination with silane, neither of which are part of our product portfolio. Historically, silica has offered some performance benefits over carbon black in the area of rolling resistance. To date, silica-based tire applications have gained position in passenger car tire treads. Although substitution has not been significant due to carbon black s cost advantage, technological advances and changing customer requirements may lead to increased demand for silica-based tires, especially in developed regions. Increased substitution and competition from precipitated silica producers could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If we should decide to include precipitated silica in combination with silane in our product portfolio in the future, we may be restricted in our ability to do so under our intellectual property sharing arrangements with Evonik Industries AG Evonik and its affiliates, one of our previous owners. 
 Alternative materials, procedures or technologies may be developed, or existing ones may be improved, and may replace those currently offered in the carbon black industry. If such newly developed or improved products are being offered at lower prices, have preferable features or other advantages, in particular from a regulatory perspective, and we are not able to offer similar new or improved products, we may lose substantial sales volumes or customers, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We may be unable to implement our business strategies in an effective manner. 
 Our future financial performance and success largely depend on our ability to maintain and improve our current competitive position and to implement our business strategies for growth successfully. We cannot guarantee that we will successfully implement our business strategies or that implementing these strategies will sustain or improve and not harm our results of operations. We may not be able to increase or sustain our manufacturing efficiency or asset utilization, enhance our current portfolio of products or achieve other fixed or variable cost 
 9 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 savings. In addition, the costs involved in implementing our strategies may be significantly higher than we currently anticipate. Our ability to complete capacity expansions may be delayed or interrupted by the need to obtain environmental and other regulatory approvals, the availability of labor and materials, unforeseen hazards, such as weather conditions, adverse political or market developments, and other risks associated with construction or expansion projects. Moreover, the cost of expanding capacity could have a negative impact on our financial results until capacity utilization is sufficient to absorb the incremental costs associated with the expansion. Further, labor or governmental restrictions could impede or delay our ability to reduce headcount in the event headcount reduction is deemed to be sensible in our opinion. 
 Our business strategies are based on our assumptions about future demand for our existing products and the new products and applications we are developing, and on our continuing ability to produce our products profitably. Each of these factors depends on, among other things, our ability to realign our product portfolio, divest businesses on favorable terms and with minimal disruptions, discontinue product lines with minimal disruption, finance our operations and product development activities, negotiate favorable terms, maintain high-quality and efficient manufacturing operations, relocate and close certain manufacturing facilities with minimal disruption to our operations, respond to competitive and regulatory changes, access quality raw materials in a cost-effective and timely manner, and retain and attract highly skilled technical, managerial, marketing and finance personnel. Any failure to develop, revise or implement appropriate business strategies in a timely and effective manner may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We are subject to volatility in the costs, quality and availability of raw materials and energy, which could decrease our production volumes and margins and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our manufacturing processes consume significant amounts of raw materials and energy, the costs of which are subject to fluctuations in worldwide supply and demand as well as other factors beyond our control. The preponderance of the cost of raw material used in the production of carbon black is related to petroleum-based or coal-based feedstock known as carbon black oil, with some additional use of other raw materials, such as acetylene, hydrogen and natural gas. We obtain a considerable portion of our raw materials and energy from selected key suppliers. Although we maintain certain raw material reserves, if any of these suppliers is unable to meet its obligations under supply agreements with us on a timely basis or at all, or if we cannot source sufficient supply, we may be forced to incur higher costs to obtain the necessary raw materials and energy elsewhere, or we may not be able to obtain carbon black oil or raw materials, such as natural gas, at all. Additionally, raw material sourcing and related infrastructure (e.g., harbor access, cargo or ship availability, pipeline-, tank- or road-access), may be subject to local developments or regulations in certain jurisdictions where we operate that may reduce, delay or halt the physical supply of raw materials. Our inability to source quality raw materials or energy in a timely fashion and at costs that we anticipate or that are acceptable to us, or an inability to pass-through any cost increases to our customers, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Most of our Rubber Carbon Black supply contracts contain provisions that adjust prices to account for changes in a relevant feedstock price index. However, we are exposed to oil price and gas price fluctuations, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to shift the price risks to our customers. Success in offsetting increased raw material, energy and tax or tariff costs with related price increases is also influenced by competitive and economic conditions, as well as the speed and severity of such changes, and could vary significantly, depending on the segment served. Such increases may not be accepted by our customers, may not be fully reflected in the indices used in our pricing formulas, may not be sufficient to compensate for increased raw material and energy costs or may decrease demand for our products and our volume of sales. Oil and energy price fluctuations have had, and are likely to continue to have, significant and varying effects on our earnings and results of operations, partly because oil price changes affect our sales prices and our cost of raw materials and energy at different times and amounts, and partly due to other factors, such as differentials affecting the ultimate carbon black oil price paid by us (versus a particular reference price index), carbon black oil usage amounts and ongoing efficiency initiatives, the value of which fluctuates with oil prices. Failure to fully offset the effects of fluctuating raw material or energy costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, volatility in costs and pricing could result in commercial disputes with suppliers and customers regarding the interpretations of complex contractual pricing arrangements, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Significant movements in the market price for crude oil tend to create volatility in our carbon black feedstock costs, which have in the past affected and may in the future affect our Net Working Capital, cash requirements and operating results. Changes in raw material and energy prices have a direct impact on our Net Working Capital levels. Increases in the cost of raw materials lead to an increase in our Net Working Capital. Due to the quantity of carbon black oil and finished goods that we typically keep in stock together with the levels of receivables and payables maintained, increases occur gradually over a two to three-month period but can vary depending on inventory levels and working capital levels generally. Net Working Capital swings are particularly significant in an environment of high price volatility. 
 Any failure to realize benefits from investments, joint ventures, acquisitions or alliances could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We have made, and may continue to make, investments and acquisitions and enter into joint ventures and collaborations. The success of acquisitions of existing facilities, new technologies, companies and products, or arrangements with third parties is not always predictable, and we may not achieve our anticipated objectives. 
 10 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 Plant capacity expansions and site development projects may be delayed, cost more than anticipated and/or may not achieve the expected benefits. 
 Our ability to complete capacity expansions and consolidations as planned, including capacity conversions from Rubber Carbon Black to Specialty Carbon Black and vice versa, and other site development projects, including those associated with yield efficiency improvements or emission controls, may be delayed, interrupted, or otherwise limited by the need to obtain environmental and other regulatory approvals, unexpected cost increases, availability of labor and materials, unforeseen hazards such as weather or health conditions, and other risks associated with construction projects. In addition, lower oil prices may impact our yield efficiency improvements. Moreover, the costs of these activities could have a negative impact on our results of operations and capacity utilization at any particular facility. We may not be able to absorb the incremental costs associated with capacity expansion projects. In addition, our ability to expand capacity depends in part on economic and political conditions in the regions we focus on and, in some cases, on our ability to establish operations, construct additional manufacturing capacity or form strategic business alliances. 
 The capital expenditures we might need to make under the EPA consent decree may increase; timing, target levels and other factors could also affect our ability to meet target emission levels and target dates under the EPA consent decree. 
 On June 7, 2018, a consent decree (the EPA CD between Orion Engineered Carbons LLC and the United States on behalf of the EPA, as well as the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality, became effective. See Note Q. Commitments and Contingencies to the Company s audited financial statements included in this Annual Report in Form 10-K for a description of the EPA CD. We have four plant sites that fall under the EPA CD, of which the construction projects at our Ivanhoe (Louisiana) and Orange (Texas) facilities have been completed. In the fourth quarter of 2022, mechanical installation of emissions control technology at Borger (Texas) was complete. 
 We estimate the installations of monitoring and pollution control equipment at the remaining plant at Belpre (Ohio), will require capital expenditure totaling approximately 25 million. This estimate could be further revised subject to scope design and estimation efforts presently underway. The actual total capital expenditures we might need to incur in order to fulfill the requirements of the EPA CD therefore remain uncertain. The solutions Orion ultimately chooses to implement at its remaining facility may differ in scope and operation from those it currently anticipates for such facility, and factors such as timing, target levels, contractor workforce availability, changing cost estimates and local regulations, could cause actual capital expenditures and their timing to significantly exceed current expectations or affect Orion s ability to meet the agreed target emission levels or target dates for installing required equipment as anticipated or at all. Noncompliance with applicable emissions limits could lead to payments to the EPA or other penalties. 
 We may be subject to information technology systems failures, network disruptions, cybersecurity attacks and breaches of data security. 
 We rely on information technology systems to manage and operate our production facilities, to process transactions, and to summarize our operating results. Our information technology systems are an important element for effectively operating our business. Information technology systems failures, particularly in connection with running SAP, including risks associated with upgrading or timely updating our systems, network disruptions, misuse, cybercrime and breaches of data security, could disrupt our production as well as our operations by impeding our processing of transactions, our ability to protect customer or company information and our financial reporting, and lead to increased costs. It is possible that future technological developments could adversely affect the functionality of our computer systems and require further action and substantial funds to prevent or repair computer malfunctions. Our information technology systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, cybercrime, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, floods, tornadoes, hurricanes, acts of war or terrorism, and usage errors by our employees or third-party providers. Although we have taken extensive steps to address these concerns by implementing sophisticated network security, back-up systems and internal control measures, there can be no assurance that a system failure or data security breach will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If our information technology systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to fix or replace them, and we may suffer loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our production and operations. Any material disruption in our information technology systems, or delays or difficulties in implementing or integrating new systems or enhancing current systems, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We have experience non-material cybersecurity attacks in the past and may experience additional cybersecurity attacks in the future, potentially with more frequency or sophistication. 
 While we continually work to safeguard our systems, train our employees and mitigate potential risks, there is no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cybersecurity attacks or security breaches that manipulate or improperly use our systems or networks, compromise or lose confidential or otherwise protected information, destroy or corrupt data, or otherwise disrupt our operations and safety tools. The occurrence of such events could negatively impact our reputation and our competitive position and could result in litigation with third parties, regulatory action, loss of business, potential liability and increased remediation costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, such attacks or breaches could require significant management attention and resources, and result in the diminution of the value of the Company s investment in research and development and other assets. A breakdown in existing controls and procedures around the Company s cybersecurity and security prevention environment may prevent us from detecting, reporting or responding to cybersecurity incidents in a timely manner and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or the market price of our securities. 
 11 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 In addition to supporting our operations, we use our systems to collect and store confidential and sensitive data, including information about our know-how, technology and business, as well as about our customers and our employees. As our technology continues to evolve, we anticipate that we will collect and store even more data in the future, and that our systems will increasingly use remote cloud based solutions and communication features that are sensitive to both willful and unintentional security breaches. Much of our value is derived from our confidential business information, including customer data, proprietary technology and trade secrets. To the extent the confidentiality of such information is compromised, we may lose our competitive advantage, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may suffer. We also collect, retain and use personal information, including data we gather from customers for product development and marketing purposes, and data we obtain from employees. In the event of a breach in security that allows third parties access to this personal information, we are subject to a variety of laws on a global basis that require us to provide notification to the data owners, and that subject us to lawsuits, fines and other means of regulatory enforcement. Our reputation could suffer in the event of such a data breach, which could cause customers to purchase from our competitors. Ultimately, any compromise of our data security could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 If we are unable to successfully negotiate with the representatives of our employees, including labor unions and works councils, we may experience strikes and work stoppages. 
 We are party to collective bargaining agreements. We also are required to consult with our employee representatives, such as works councils, on certain matters such as restructuring, acquisitions and divestitures. Although we believe that our relations with our employees are good, there can be no assurance that current agreements may not be terminated, new agreements will be reached or consultations will be completed without union or works council actions or on terms satisfactory to us. Current and future negotiations and consultations with employee representatives could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, a material work stoppage or union dispute could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We may not be able to recruit or retain key management and personnel. 
 Our success is dependent on the management and leadership skills of our key management and personnel. The loss of any member of our key leadership team and personnel or an inability to attract, retain, develop and maintain additional personnel could prevent us from implementing our business strategy. The loss of one or more members of our key management or operating personnel, or the failure to attract, retain and develop additional key personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We are exposed to political or country risk inherent in doing business in some countries. 
 We operate a global network of production plants located in Europe, the U.S., South Korea, China, South Africa and Brazil. Accordingly, our business is subject to risks related to the different legal, political, social and regulatory requirements and economic conditions of many jurisdictions. Risks inherent in international operations include the following: changes in the rate of economic growth; unsettled political or economic conditions; expropriation or other governmental actions; social unrest, war, terrorist activities or other armed conflict; national and regional labor strikes; confiscatory taxation or other adverse tax policies, trade and or tariff disputes between countries; deprivation of contract rights; trade regulations affecting production, pricing and marketing of products; reduced protection of intellectual property rights; restrictions on the repatriation of income or capital; exchange controls; inflation, deflation, and currency fluctuations and devaluation; the effect of global environmental, health and safety issues; pandemics or epidemics, respective lock-downs, changes to economic conditions, market opportunities and operating restrictions; changes in foreign laws and tax rates; changes in trade sanctions or embargoes that result in losing access to customers and suppliers in those countries; costs associated with compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws; nationalization of private enterprises by foreign governments; and changes in financial policy and availability of credit or financing sources. These factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our business, financial condition and results of operations have been and could in the future be adversely affected by disruptions in the carbon black oil and natural gas supplies caused by the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. 
 War and other geopolitical events, including but not limited to Russia and Ukraine, may cause volatility in crude oil and natural gas prices, due to the region s importance to these markets, the potential impacts to global transportation and shipping, and other supply chain disruptions. These events are unpredictable and may lead to extended periods of price volatility. 
 In late February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine, significantly amplifying already existing geopolitical tensions among Russia and other countries in the region and in the West. The responses of countries and political bodies to Russia s actions, the larger overarching tensions, and Ukraine s military defense and the potential for wider conflict may increase energy market volatility generally, have severe adverse effects on regional and global economic markets, and cause volatility in energy and other product prices. Global prices of crude oil and natural gas are primarily a function of global production and demand. Long term impacts from sanctions, shipping disruptions, collateral war damage, and a potential continuation or expansion of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine could further disrupt the availability of crude oil and natural gas supplies. Russia is one of the largest crude oil and natural gas exporters. Currently, the conflict has impacted exports of Russian crude oil and natural gas. As such, volatility, trading volumes, and prices in global crude oil and natural gas have risen dramatically and are expected to continue indefinitely at extreme elevated levels. Furthermore, global supply chains, which have already been disrupted by the far-reaching effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, have suffered and in the future may suffer further damage if the Ukrainian war continues or escalates further. The extent or length of any adverse effects of the war in Ukraine on the supply of oil and natural gas and the quality and availability of carbon black oil is difficult to quantify, however, current events as recent as July 2022 further 
 12 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 increase concerns about the stability of the natural gas supply in Europe. Furthermore, the European Union EU has proposed a voluntary gas demand reduction target of 15 to be achieved between August 1, 2022 and March 31, 2023. To reach that target, the plan outlines various measures whereby EU member states can encourage the decrease of gas demand and consumption by the public sector and businesses, as well as households. 
 The continuation or escalation of events like the Ukrainian war could decrease our production volumes and margins and may adversely impact our business operations, financial condition and results of operations. It has also caused, and may continue to cause, disruptions in supply chains and curtailed or delayed spending by our customers customers, in particular in the automotive industry, and increases in the risk of customer defaults or delays in payments. In addition, as a result of the conflict, governmental and non-governmental entities have issued alerts noting the potential for increased cyber-attacks. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had and could continue to have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises and outbreaks of epidemic, pandemic, or contagious diseases, such as the outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus and its mutations COVID-19 ). The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy in 2020-2022 and created significant volatility and disruption to supply-chains and financial markets. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic infection rate remains high in certain parts of the world. The pandemic could adversely impact our operations in a number of ways, including the temporary suspension of production at our customers and our own manufacturing facilities particularly in China, disruptions to our supply chain and to our capital projects, restrictions on the ability of many of our employees to work at optimal efficiency due to governmental mandated lock-down obligations and other restrictions. More recently, the elimination of the Zero-COVID policy in China has led to a dramatic increase of COVID-19 infections in China and has impacted the Chinese economy. If we experience operational or supply chain disruptions, or such disruptions are exacerbated or prolonged in the future, our business, results of operations and liquidity may be adversely impacted. In particular, the inability of our suppliers to meet our supply needs in a timely manner or our quality standards could cause delays in delivery to our customers, which could result in the cancellation of orders, customers refusal to accept deliveries, a reduction in purchase prices, and termination of customer relationships, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Even if we are able to find alternate sources for our supply needs, they may cost more, which could adversely impact our profitability and financial condition. 
 The foregoing and other continued disruptions to our business as a result of COVID-19 had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The extent of continued impact of COVID-19 on our operational and financial performance will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of the COVID-19 outbreak, which is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. The COVID-19 pandemic may also exacerbate other risks described in this Item 1A. Risk Factors section. 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 Our operations are subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. We have been and may in the future be subject to investigations by regulatory authorities in respect of alleged violations and may incur significant costs to maintain compliance with, and to address liabilities under, these laws and regulations and respective litigation and proceedings. 
 We are subject to extensive supranational, domestic, foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations governing environmental protection and occupational health and safety, all of which may be subject to change in the future. The raw material procurement, as well as the production and processing of carbon black and its byproducts involve the handling, transportation, manufacture, use and disposal of substances or components that may pose environmental risks or be considered toxic, hazardous or carcinogenic under applicable laws. We are also required to obtain permits or other approvals from various regulatory authorities for our operations, which may be required for matters including air emissions as well as wastewater and storm water discharge, storage, handling and disposal of hazardous substances, remediation of soil or buildings and the operation, maintenance and closure of landfills. If we contaminate the environment, violate or are found to have violated or otherwise fail to comply with laws, regulations or permits or other approvals, or fail to receive the timely renewal of and due application for required permits, we may have to limit production, incur fines and civil or criminal sanctions, be required to undertake significant capital expenditures to achieve compliance, or be subject to other obligations by one or more regulatory authorities. Certain environmental laws and regulations could also impose strict liability, meaning the Company could be forced to assume liability for environmental damage caused by a party other than the Company, even in circumstances where the Company s actions were lawful. 
 If environmental harm to soil, groundwater, surface water or natural resources is found to have occurred as a result of our current or historical (prior to the existence of the Company) operations, we may be required to incur significant remediation costs at our current or former production facilities, or at third-party sites and for storage facilities. Many of the facilities and third party storage facilities we utilize have a long history of operation, which might in the future incur environmental compliance and remediation costs due to past spills, contamination, chemical storage, wastewater treatment and waste disposal practices and other activities depending on present and developing laws. For instance, some of our facilities have onsite landfills that have been open for a number of years; we may incur significant costs when these landfills are closed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Under certain laws and regulations, the obligations to investigate and remediate contamination at a facility or site may be imposed on current and former owners or operators who disposed of waste on site. Liability under such laws and regulations may be without regard to fault or to the legality of the activities giving rise to the contamination. As a result, we may incur liabilities for contamination or wastes, including hazardous wastes, generated by our 
 13 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 operations and disposed of onsite or at offsite locations, even if we were not responsible at the time the waste was disposed or the contamination occurred. Further, we may also incur additional closure and cleanup costs in connection with the closure of plants or separate feedstock storage sites, including costs relating to decommissioning of equipment, decontamination and clean-up, asbestos removal and relocation or closure of operating equipment such as storage tanks, wastewater treatment systems, ponds and landfills. 
 Our operations inherently create significant hazards when storing carbon black oil, converting carbon black oil to carbon black and packaging and storing of carbon black and shipping the products to our customers. These hazards and risks include fires, explosions, spills, discharges and other releases, any of which could impact the environment, neighboring community and our employees, which could result in, environmental pollution, personal injury or wrongful death claims, damage to our neighboring properties and reputational harm. In these cases, authorities could impose fines, and the Company could be required to rectify any damage which occurs in or outside of our fence lines. 
 Environmental and safety regulations are subject to frequent change, as are the priorities of those who enforce them, and we could incur substantial costs to comply with current or future laws and regulations. The trend in environmental regulation is to impose increasingly stringent restrictions on activities that may affect the environment. Such future regulations may include legislation designed to reduce emissions of GHG, SO 2 , NOx, particulate matter and other air pollutants. For instance, the European Union has enacted GHG legislation and continues to expand the scope of such legislation. The EPA has promulgated regulations applicable to operations involving GHG above certain thresholds, and the United States and certain states within the United States have enacted, or are considering, limitations on GHG emissions. Any new or amended environmental laws and regulations may result in costly measures for matters subject to regulation, including but not limited to more stringent limits or control requirements for our air emissions; new or increased compliance obligations relating to emission of GHG, SO 2 , NOx, and particulate matter; any impact our operations could have on the environment or surrounding community; which, in each case, could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. We may be unable to offset these impacts or costs with price increases, productivity improvements, or cost-reduction efforts. Any success we do have in offsetting these impacts or costs will depend on competitive and economic conditions that are inherently variable. 
 Compliance with future more stringent environmental laws and regulations may result in significantly increased capital expenditures related to prevention and remediation. Our business and financial conditions may be impacted if we are unable to finance these increasing compliance costs. Regardless, we may be required to incur non-capital expenditure costs to satisfy climate change and other environmental obligations imposed on us by the various regulations. 
 Certain national and international health organizations have classified carbon black as a possible or suspect human carcinogen. To the extent that, in the future, (i) these organizations re-classify carbon black as a known or confirmed carcinogen, (ii) other organizations or government authorities in other jurisdictions classify carbon black or any of our other finished products, raw materials or intermediates as suspected or known carcinogens or (iii) there is discovery of adverse health effects attributable to the production or use of carbon black or any of our other finished products, raw materials or intermediates, we could be required to incur significantly higher costs to comply with environmental, health and safety laws, or to comply with restrictions on sales of our products, our reputation and business could be adversely affected, and we could become the subject of litigation or enforcement actions. In addition, chemicals that are currently classified as harmless may be classified as dangerous in the future, and our products may have characteristics that are not recognized today but may be found in the future to be carcinogenic or otherwise impair human health. See Item 1. Business, Environmental, Health and Safety Matters . 
 Regulations requiring a reduction of or that impose additional taxes or fees on greenhouse gas emissions could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and an increased awareness as well as adverse publicity about potential impacts on climate change by us or other companies in our industry could harm our reputation. 
 Significant volumes of CO 2 , a GHG, are emitted in carbon black manufacturing processes. Over the past few decades, the relationship between GHGs and global climate change have resulted in increased levels of scrutiny from regulators, investors and the public alike, and have led to proposed and enacted regulations on both national and supranational levels, to monitor, regulate, control and tax emissions of CO 2 and other GHGs. Investors and other financial institutions are also focused on sustainability and climate change as it relates to their investment and financing decisions. Increased awareness in the investment community and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about potential impacts on climate change by us or other companies in our industry could harm our reputation. 
 The international community continues to negotiate a binding treaty that would require reductions in GHG emissions by developed countries. In addition, a number of further measures addressing GHG emissions may be implemented, such as a successor international agreement, if any, to the Kyoto Protocol and the EU s proposal to consider raising its commitment to reduce carbon emissions to at least 55 below 1990 levels by 2030. The United Nations Conference on Climate Change in December 2015 led to the creation of the Paris Agreement and encourages countries to continuously review and improve their GHG emission reduction goals. While signing the Paris Agreement does not legally bind countries to reduce GHG emissions, countries that participate may respond by enacting legislation or regulations in order to progress in lowering GHG emissions. In the United States, Congress has from time to time considered legislation to reduce emissions of GHGs, but no comprehensive legislation has been enacted to date, and significant uncertainty currently exists as to how any such GHG legislation or regulations would impact large stationary sources, such as our facilities in Belpre (Ohio), Borger (Texas), Orange (Texas) or Ivanhoe (Louisiana), and what costs or operational changes these regulations may require in the future. Some U.S. states have taken legal measures to reduce emissions of GHGs, primarily through the development of GHG emission inventories and/or regional or state GHG cap-and-trade programs. South Africa, where we have an operating plant, has adopted a CO 2 tax regime. There are also 
 14 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 ongoing discussions and regulatory initiatives in other countries, including in Brazil where we have production facilities, regarding GHG emission reduction programs, but those programs have not yet been defined. There is no assurance that, in the future, the current level of regulation will continue in the jurisdictions where we operate. In addition, several countries, spanning across Europe, the Middle East, Africa, South America and the Asia-Pacific region, are currently evaluating further and more restrictive regulations to reduce GHG emissions and to implement stricter environmental regulations generally. 
 Compliance with current or future GHG regulations governing our operations may result in significantly increased capital and operating expenditures for measures such as the installation of more environmentally efficient technology or the purchase of allowances to emit GHGs. We may need to purchase emission rights to cover the shortfall where emissions exceed the quantity of allowances (EU and South Korean ETS), which may cause a material financial impact. Examples of such expenditures may include, but are not limited to, becoming subject to carbon and GHG emission trading requirements under which we may be required to purchase carbon credits and other offsets aimed at reducing our ecological footprint if our emission levels exceed our allocations. Costs of complying with regulations could increase, as concerns related to greenhouse gases and climate change continue to emerge. The enactment of new environmental laws and regulations and/or the more aggressive interpretation of existing requirements could require us to incur significant costs for compliance or capital improvements or limit our current or planned operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our earnings or cash flow. We attempt to offset the effects of these compliance costs through price increases, productivity improvements and cost reduction efforts. Such price increases may not be accepted by our customers, may not be sufficient to compensate for increased regulatory costs or may decrease demand for our products and our volume of sales. While their potential effect on our manufacturing operations or financial results cannot be estimated, they could be substantial. There is no way to predict the form that future regulations may take or to estimate any costs that we may be required to incur with respect to these or any other future requirements. In addition to the increased expenditures outlined above, such requirements could also adversely affect our energy supply, or the costs (and types) of raw materials we use, and ultimately may directly or indirectly restrict our operations or reduce demand for our products. The realization of any or all of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See Item 1. Business, Environmental, Health and Safety Matters. 
 Developing regulation of carbon black as a nano-scale material could require us to comply with costly new requirements. 
 Carbon black consists of aggregates of primary nano-scale particles. The EPA and other governmental agencies are currently developing a regulatory approach under which they will collect further data on nano-scale materials, including carbon black, under the Toxic Substances Control Act TSCA ). In addition, the EPA and other nations environmental regulatory authorities, including the European Commission, are also conducting extensive environmental health and safety testing of nano-scale materials. If carbon black is found to be harmful to humans and/or to the environment, it could be subject to more stringent regulatory control, which could require us to incur significantly higher costs to comply with new environmental, health and safety laws and could adversely affect our reputation and business. See Item 1. Business, Environmental, Health and Safety Matters . 
 In the European Union, in 2022 the European Commission finalized the process on the revision of the nanomaterial definition. With its updated recommendation on June 10, 2022 of the definition of nanomaterial (2022/C 220/01), the status for carbon black remains unchanged in comparison to the previous version (2011/696/EU). The majority of carbon black grades are defined as a nanomaterial. Furthermore, the International Organization for Standardization ISO developed the ISO TC 229 Nanotechnologies, which considers carbon black a nano-structured material. The industry is not yet generally affected by these definitions. However, certain regulations regarding cosmetics applications or articles which are intended for food contact have already been implemented, and other regulations are being discussed which may affect the use of carbon black in the future. This development may significantly affect our business in a manner we cannot predict, including by increasing the costs of doing business or decreasing the marketability of our products. 
 Our operations have the potential to cause environmental and other damage as well as personal injury. 
 The operation of a chemical manufacturing business as well as the sale and distribution of chemical products involve safety, health and environmental risks. For example, the production and processing of carbon black and other chemicals involves the storage, handling, transportation, manufacture or use of certain substances or components that may be considered toxic or hazardous. Our manufacturing processes and the storage and transportation of chemical products entail risks such as leaks, fires, explosions, toxic releases or mechanical failures. If operational risks materialize, they could result in injury or loss of life, damage to the environment or damage to property. In addition, the occurrence of material operating problems at our facilities due to any of these hazards may result in loss of production, which in turn, may make it difficult for us to meet customer needs. Accordingly, these hazards and their consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, both during and after the period of operational difficulties, and could harm our reputation. 
 The European Union REACH legislation or similar legislation in other countries may affect our ability to manufacture and sell certain products. 
 In December 2006, the EU signed the REACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals) legislation. This legislation requires chemical manufacturers and importers in the EU to demonstrate the safety of the chemical substances contained in their products through a substance registration process. We have registered under REACH, which is a functional prerequisite to the continued sale of our products in the EU markets. REACH presents a risk to the continued sale of our products in the EU should our existing classification registration no longer apply as a result of changes in the interpretation of REACH by the authorities, changes in our product 
 15 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 mix or purity, or if the EU seeks to ban or materially restrict the production or importation of the chemical substances used in our products. In March 2016, the European Chemical Agency (ECHA) announced a carbon black substance evaluation, and carbon black was included in the Community Rolling Action Plan (CoRAP). CoRAP listed substances have been prioritized for substance evaluation. The reasons for including carbon black in CoRAP are carbon black being suspected of posing a risk to human health (carcinogenic, suspected reproduction toxicant), exposure of workers, exposure of sensitive populations and a high (aggregated) tonnage and use potential. The evaluation, which will be conducted by ANSES (the French Agency for Food, Environmental and Occupational Health Safety), has been postponed several times and is now scheduled to start in 2025 under the draft CoRAP, which is likely to be adopted in 2023 March. The outcome of the evaluation will be of significant importance for the carbon black industry. 
 Additionally, other organizations and countries, including South Korea and China, have adopted or may in the future adopt comparable or even more restrictive regulations than REACH, which could affect our ability to manufacture and sell certain products in the future. 
 In certain jurisdictions, carbon black has been added to lists of hazardous products that are subject to labeling and other requirements. Compliance with these requirements is required to sell our products in these jurisdictions, and noncompliance may result in material fines or penalties or other enforcement actions, including injunctions, recalls or seizures, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Changes in the classification of carbon black on these lists or to the applicable regulations could result in more stringent or new requirements and adversely affect our compliance costs. See Item 1. Business, Environmental, Health and Safety Matters . 
 Market and regulatory changes may affect our ability to sell or otherwise benefit from co-generated energy, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Currently, eight of our manufacturing sites, including one jointly owned production facility, have some form of co-generation transforming waste heat from combusting exhaust gas, the main by-product of the carbon black production process, into electricity, steam or hot water. Some of this co-generated energy is self-consumed, and the excess may be sold to third parties. Our ability to benefit from co-generation, and in particular our ability to sell it to third parties, may be limited due to general market conditions or regulatory changes, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 
 In December 2013, the European Commission opened an in-depth investigation into certain exemptions from an energy surcharge granted under the German Renewable Energies Act (Erneuerbare-Energien-Gesetz or EEG ). Under the EEG, energy intensive industries are exempted to a large extent from the energy surcharge that aims to balance above-market payments for green energy. Another exemption exists for the consumption of self-generated electricity. The German legislature amended the national regulations of the EEG in August 2014. Under these regulations, the exemption regarding self-consumption Eigenverbrauch of self-produced electricity is grandfathered for power plants that were installed before August 1, 2014. Our German production facilities are exempted from the energy surcharge under the current law to the extent that we consume our self-produced energy. However, a potential loss of this benefit due to a future change in legislation or a change in the material setup of any of our plants may adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and thus adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 From time to time, we may be involved in various claims and lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of our business. In particular, certain asbestos related claims have been filed with respect to time periods when previous owners were in control of our business. Some matters involve claims for damage payments as well as other relief. Additional claims by (former) employees or contractors based on alleged past exposure to asbestos or other substances with negative health effects may be received in the future. 
 We may also be subject to litigation based on environmental matters such has pollution, remediation, contamination, or exposure to hazardous substances either in the workplace or resulting from the use of our products. This litigation could result in substantial liability for 
 us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and/or profitability. Certain environmental groups could 
 also initiate litigation against us, which could cause reputational as well as financial harm. 
 The outcome of legal proceedings is extremely difficult to predict, and we offer no assurances in this regard. Adverse rulings, judgments or settlements in pending or future litigation, including employment-related litigation, contract litigation, intellectual property disputes, product liability claims, personal injury claims, claims based on alleged exposure to asbestos, chemicals or to carbon black, environmental permitting disputes or in connection with environmental remediation activities or contamination, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Because many of our products provide critical performance attributes to our customers applications and products, the sale of these products involves a risk of product liability claims against us, including claims arising in connection with the use of, or exposure to, our products. Our products have widespread end-uses in a variety of consumer industries. A successful product liability claim, or series of claims, arising out of these various uses that results in liabilities in excess of our insurance coverage or for which we are not indemnified by a third party or have not otherwise provided for could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In particular, we could be required to increase our debt or divert resources from other investments in our business in order to discharge any such liabilities. 
 16 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights successfully. 
 Our intellectual property rights are important to our success and competitive position. We own various patents and other intellectual property rights, and have licenses to use intellectual property rights covering some of our products as well as certain processes and product uses. We often choose not to seek to patent a production method or product in order to avoid disclosure of business specific know-how. In addition to patents, a significant part of our intellectual property are our trade secrets, general know-how and experience regarding manufacturing technology, plant operation and quality management, which third parties, including our competitors, may develop independently without violating our trade secret rights. We make careful assessments with respect to production process improvements and decide whether to apply for patents or retain and protect them as trade secrets. In some of the countries in which we operate or sell products, such as China, the laws protecting patent holders are scoped or interpreted differently than in the U.S., the EU and certain other regions. When we file a patent application, it is usually filed for all countries with active competition, where we have existing customers. Nonetheless, because the laws and enforcement mechanisms in some countries may not be as effective as in others, and because our intellectual property rights may, if asserted, ultimately be found to be invalid or unenforceable, we may not be able to protect all of our intellectual property rights successfully. Insufficient protection of intellectual property may limit our ability to make use of technological advantages or result in a reduction of future profits. This may cause competitive restrictions and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We may also be subject to claims that our products, processes or product uses infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of others. These claims, even if without merit, can be expensive and time consuming to defend or litigate. If we were to suffer an adverse ruling, we could be subject to injunctions, obligated to pay damages or enter into licensing agreements requiring royalty payments and use restrictions, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, licensing agreements may not be available to us, and, if available, may not be available to us on acceptable terms. 
 In connection with the separation of our business from Evonik, completed on July 29, 2011 (the Acquisition ), Evonik assigned to us intellectual property that was exclusively used in its carbon black business as well as certain intellectual property rights that are still in use in Evonik s retained business. Also, Evonik retained ownership of certain intellectual property that is not material to us. Evonik has granted us a non-exclusive license to use such retained intellectual property in the field of carbon black. In addition, we have granted back to Evonik licenses relating to some of our intellectual property rights to use such intellectual property in all fields outside the field of carbon black, which licenses are exclusive, subject to certain exceptions in areas adjacent to carbon black. Accordingly, we may be restricted in leveraging the intellectual property that we use on the basis of a license from Evonik or the intellectual property that is subject to the grant-back licenses to expand our business into fields outside of carbon black. 
 
 Risks Related to Indebtedness, Currency Exposure and Other Financial Matters 
 Our financial leverage may make it difficult for us to service that debt and operate our businesses. 
 We are leveraged with recurring debt service obligations and expect to continue to have comparable leverage for the foreseeable future. We may also incur more debt in the future. This may have negative consequences for our business and investors, including requiring that a substantial portion of the cash flows from our operations be dedicated to debt service obligations; reducing the availability of cash flows to fund internal growth through working capital, capital expenditures, other general corporate purposes and payments of dividends; increasing our vulnerability to economic downturns generally or in our industry; exposing us to interest rate increases on our existing indebtedness and indebtedness that we may incur in the future; placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt in relation to cash flows; limiting our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and our industry; restricting us from pursuing strategic acquisitions or exploiting certain business opportunities; and limiting, among other things, our ability to borrow additional funds or raise equity capital in the future and increasing the costs of such additional financings. 
 If our future cash flows from operations and other capital resources are insufficient to pay our obligations as they mature or to fund our liquidity needs, we may be forced to reduce or delay our business activities and capital expenditures, sell assets, obtain additional debt or equity financing, restructure or refinance all or a portion of our debt on or before maturity or reduce or cease paying our dividend. In the worst-case scenario, an actual or impending inability to pay debts as they become due and payable could result in our insolvency or an insolvency of one or more of our subsidiaries. 
 Restrictive covenants in our debt instruments may limit our ability to operate our business. Our failure to comply with these covenants, including as a result of events beyond our control, could result in an event of default that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our current debt instruments impose some operating and financial restrictions on us. These restrictions include limitations on our ability to, among other things, merge or consolidate with other companies; sell, lease, transfer or dispose of assets; pay dividends, redeem share capital or redeem or reduce subordinated indebtedness; and make acquisitions or investments. Our debt instruments contain covenants that may adversely affect our ability to finance our future operations and capital needs and to pursue available business opportunities. Our ability to comply with these provisions may be affected by changes in economic or business conditions or other events beyond our control. In addition, our debt instruments contain cross-default provisions such that a default under one particular financing arrangement could automatically trigger defaults under other financing arrangements and cause such indebtedness to become due and payable, together with 
 17 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 accrued and unpaid interest. As a result, any default under an indebtedness to which we are party could result in a substantial loss to us and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 A deterioration in our financial position or a downgrade of our ratings by a credit rating agency could increase our borrowing costs and our business relationships could be adversely affected. 
 A deterioration of our financial position or a downgrade of our credit ratings for any reason could increase our borrowing costs and have an adverse effect on our business relationships as well as on the payments and other terms agreeable with customers, suppliers and hedging counterparties. We currently do and may in the future enter into various forms of hedging arrangements against currency and exchange, interest rate, raw material and energy and oil price fluctuations. Financial strength and credit ratings are important to the availability and pricing of these hedging activities. As a result, any downgrade of our credit ratings may make it more costly for us to engage in these activities, and changes to our level of indebtedness may make it more difficult or costly for us to engage in these activities in the future. 
 In addition, a downgrade could adversely affect our existing financing, limit access to the capital or credit markets, or otherwise adversely affect the availability of other new financing on favorable terms, if at all, result in more restrictive covenants in agreements governing the terms of any future indebtedness that we incur, increase our borrowing costs, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange and interest rates could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We are exposed to market risks relating to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange and interest rates. Our results of operations have in the past been affected and may in the future be affected by both the transaction effects and the translation effects of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We are exposed to currency fluctuation when we convert currencies that we may receive for our products into currencies required to pay our debt, or into currencies in which we purchase raw materials, meet our fixed costs or pay for services, which could result in a gain or loss depending on fluctuations in exchange rates. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates could require us to reduce our prices to remain competitive in foreign markets. In each case, the relevant income or expense is reported in the relevant local currency and translated into U.S. Dollar at the applicable currency exchange rate for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. Therefore, our financial results in any given period are materially affected by fluctuations in the value of the U.S. Dollar relative to other currencies, in particular the Euro, the Korean Won and Chinese Renminbi. In addition, certain of our outstanding debt obligations are denominated, pay interest in and must be repaid in Euro (and certain of our future debt obligations may be denominated in Euro), and therefore expose us to additional exchange rate risks. An appreciation of the Euro would make our financing under Euro-denominated instruments more expensive. We are also exposed to adverse changes in interest rates. We manage our foreign exchange risk through normal operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the selective use of derivative transactions, the effectiveness of which is dependent, in part, upon the counterparties to these contracts honoring their financial obligations to us. We cannot be certain that we will be successful in reducing the risks inherent in exposures to foreign currency and interest rate fluctuations, and our financial results could be adversely affected. 
 From time to time, it may be necessary for us to enter into hedging arrangements to reduce the impact of price and exchange rate volatility. Unavailability or inefficiency of hedging could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 In the past, we have entered into certain hedging arrangements to reduce the impact of raw material and energy price volatility as well as interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations. It may be necessary for us to enter into hedging arrangements in the future to reduce the impact of raw material or energy price volatility or currency and exchange rate fluctuation, which may or may not be effective. The use of derivative hedging instruments is generally dependent on the availability of adequate credit lines with appropriate financial institutions. As a result, we could be unable to use derivative financial instruments in the future, to the extent necessary or on commercially reasonable terms, and any hedging strategy we employ could therefore be adversely affected. The effectiveness of our derivative hedging instruments will also depend on the relevant hedging counterparties honoring their financial obligations. Any failure by a hedging counterparty to perform its obligations could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Disruptions in credit and capital markets may make it more difficult for us and our suppliers and customers to borrow money or raise capital. 
 Disruptions in the credit markets may result in less credit being made available by banks and other lending institutions. As a result, we may not be able to obtain financing for our business and acquisitions or to pursue other business plans or make necessary investments, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Furthermore, the inability of our customers to obtain credit facilities or capital market financing may adversely affect our business by reducing our sales and increasing our exposure to bad debt, while the inability of our suppliers to access adequate financing may adversely affect our business by increasing prices for raw materials, energy and transportation. 
 18 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 We may be required to impair or write off certain assets if our assumptions about future sales and profitability prove incorrect. 
 In analyzing the value of our inventory, property, plant and equipment, investments and intangible assets, we have made assumptions about future sales (prices and volume), costs and cash generation. These assumptions are based on management s best estimates, and if the actual results differ significantly from these assumptions, we may not be able to realize the value of the assets recorded, which could lead to an impairment or write-off of certain of these assets which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be required to increase our pension fund contributions. 
 We have made pension commitments to our existing and some of our former employees. These commitments are partially covered by pension schemes, pension and benevolent funds and insurance policies some of which are maintained by previous employers. The amount of obligations is based on certain actuarial assumptions, including discount factors, life expectancy, pension trends and future salary development as well as expected interest rates applicable to the plan assets. Actual results deviating from these assumptions could result in a considerable increase of our pension commitments and liabilities and higher allocations to the pension reserves in future years, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all the risks we may face and it may be difficult to obtain replacement insurance on acceptable terms or at all. 
 Our plants, equipment and other assets are insured for property damage and business interruption risks, and our business as a whole is insured for public and products liability risks, with reputable insurance companies. We believe these insurance policies are generally in accordance with customary industry practices, including deductibles and coverage limits. However, we cannot be fully insured against all potential hazards incident to our business, including losses resulting from war risks or terrorist acts, or all potential losses, including damage to our reputation. If we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 As a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain insurance policies can increase substantially, and in some instances, certain insurance may become unavailable at a reasonable cost or available only for certain risks. We can provide no assurances that we would be able to obtain replacement insurance on acceptable terms or at all. 
 We could experience a material adverse effect on our financial condition if the tax authorities were to successfully challenge decisions and assumptions we have made in assessing and complying with our tax obligations. 
 We make, and have in the past made, numerous decisions and assumptions in assessing and complying with our tax obligations, including in respect of the tax treatment of the separation of our business from Evonik, the Acquisition, assumptions regarding the tax deductibility of certain interest expenses under German tax regulations, the upholding and recognition of our German tax group and the applicability of the regulations to our business as a group headquartered as a Luxembourg company. Many of the tax laws that apply to us, including tax laws that apply to the separation of our business from Evonik and the Acquisition, are complex and often require judgments to be made when the law is unclear or the facts are uncertain. While we believe the decisions we have made and the assumptions and practices we have applied are reasonable and accurate, we cannot guarantee that these decisions, assumptions and practices will not be questioned or rejected by the tax authorities. In particular, we are subject to tax audits, and could be subject to additional tax audits, for the period in which the Acquisition occurred by tax authorities in multiple jurisdictions worldwide, and in many cases, these audits have not yet begun or have not been completed and could give rise to issues of this kind. If these tax authorities were to successfully challenge such decisions or assumptions, we could be required to pay additional amounts to such authorities to satisfy our tax obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In particular, the German tax authorities are conducting their first audit of Orion Engineered Carbons GmbH following the Acquisition. Currently, we are unable to assess when this audit will be completed or the possible outcome of this audit. While currently we do not believe this audit will have a material adverse impact on our financial position, it could raise one or more issues of the kind referenced above. 
 Significant changes in our jurisdictional earnings mix or in the tax laws of those jurisdictions, as well as changes in their interpretation, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our future tax rates may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including the enactment of new tax legislation, other changes in tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws, changes in the estimated realization of our net deferred tax assets (arising, among other things, from tax loss carry forwards and the acquisition of the carbon black business line from Evonik), the jurisdictions in which profits are determined to be earned and taxed, adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various tax returns, increases in expenses that are not deductible for tax purposes, including write-offs of acquired in process R D and impairment of goodwill in connection with acquisitions, changes in available tax credits and additional tax or interest payments resulting from tax audits with various tax authorities. Losses for which no tax benefits can be recorded could materially impact our tax rate and its volatility from period to period. Any significant change in our jurisdictional earnings mix or in the tax laws in those jurisdictions, as well as changes in their interpretation, could increase our tax rates and adversely affect our financial results in those periods. 
 Additionally, during periods of high profitability in certain industries, there are often calls for increased taxes or surcharges on incremental revenues or profits, often called windfall profit taxes. Governments in various jurisdictions including Italy and the United Kingdom have 
 19 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 imposed or increased such taxes in the past, including during 2022 for certain companies operating in the energy and oil and gas sector. Such taxes may be imposed or increased in the future in these or other jurisdictions in which we have operations or in which we are subject to taxation. The imposition of, or increase to, such windfall profit taxes could adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Shares 
 We cannot assure investors that we will pay dividends on our common shares at historical rates or at all. 
 Our ability to pay dividends on our common shares at historical rates, or at all, is generally dependent on a proposal by our Board of Directors subject to approval by our shareholders and will depend on a number of factors, including, among others, our financial condition and results of future operations, growth opportunities and restrictive covenants in our debt instruments. 
 The rights of our shareholders may differ from the rights they would have as shareholders of a U.S. corporation, which could adversely affect trading in our common shares and our ability to conduct equity financings. 
 Our corporate affairs are governed by our Articles of Association and the laws of Luxembourg, including the Luxembourg Company Law. The rights of our shareholders and the responsibilities of our directors and officers under Luxembourg law are different from those applicable to a corporation incorporated in the U.S. Luxembourg laws may not be as extensive as those in effect in the U.S., and Luxembourg law and regulations in respect of corporate governance matters might not be as protective of minority shareholders as state corporation laws in the U.S. As a result, our shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in connection with actions taken by our directors and officers than they would as shareholders of a corporation incorporated in the U.S. 
 We are organized under the laws of Luxembourg and it may be difficult to obtain or enforce judgments or bring original actions against us or the members of our Board of Directors in the United States. 
 We are organized under the laws of Luxembourg and the majority of our assets are located outside the U.S. Furthermore, some of the members of our Board of Directors and officers reside outside the U.S., and a substantial portion of their assets are located outside the U.S. Investors may not be able to effect service of process within the U.S. upon us or these persons or to enforce judgments obtained against us or these persons in U.S. courts. Likewise, it may also be difficult for an investor to enforce in U.S. courts judgments obtained against us or these persons in courts located in jurisdictions outside the U.S., including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws. Awards of punitive damages in actions brought in the U.S. or elsewhere are generally not enforceable in Luxembourg. 
 As there is no direct treaty in force on the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters between the U.S. and Luxembourg, courts in Luxembourg will not automatically recognize and enforce a final judgment rendered by a U.S. court. The enforceability in Luxembourg courts of judgments rendered by U.S. courts will be subject to the procedure and the conditions set forth in the Luxembourg procedural code. 
 Litigation in Luxembourg is also subject to rules of procedure that differ from the U.S. rules, including with respect to the taking and admissibility of evidence, the conduct of the proceedings and the allocation of costs. For these reasons, it may be difficult for a U.S. investor to bring an original action in a Luxembourg court predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us, the members of our Board of Directors or our officers. In addition, even if a judgment is obtained against our Company, the non-U.S. members of our Board of Directors or our officers based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws, a U.S. investor may not be able to enforce it in U.S. or Luxembourg courts. 
 Under our Articles of Association, we may indemnify our directors for and hold them harmless against all claims, actions, suits or proceedings brought against them, subject to limited exceptions. The right to indemnification does not exist in the case of gross negligence, fraud or wrongful misconduct. The rights and obligations among or between us and any of our current or former directors and officers are generally governed by the laws of Luxembourg and are subject to the jurisdiction of the Luxembourg courts, unless such rights or obligations do not relate to or arise out of such persons capacities listed above. Although there is doubt as to whether U.S. courts would enforce this indemnification provision in an action brought in the U.S. under U.S. federal or state securities laws, this provision could make judgments obtained outside Luxembourg more difficult to enforce against our assets in Luxembourg or in jurisdictions that would apply Luxembourg law. 
 Luxembourg and European insolvency and bankruptcy laws are substantially different from U.S. insolvency laws and may offer our shareholders less protection than they would have under U.S. insolvency and bankruptcy laws. 
 We are subject to Luxembourg insolvency and bankruptcy laws. Should courts in another European country determine that the insolvency and bankruptcy laws of that country apply to us in accordance with and subject to such EU regulations, the courts in that country could have jurisdiction over any insolvency proceedings initiated against us. Insolvency and bankruptcy laws in Luxembourg or the relevant other European country, if any, may offer our shareholders less protection than they would have under U.S. insolvency and bankruptcy laws and make it more difficult for them to recover the amount they could expect to recover in a liquidation under U.S. insolvency and bankruptcy laws. 
 20 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Production Facilities 
 We currently operate 14 wholly owned production facilities in Europe, North and South America, South Africa and Asia, including Huaibei, China (to begin commercial production in 2023 , and one jointly-owned production facility at Dortmund, Germany. Most of our production facilities are ISO 9001, Quality Management and ISO 14001, Environmental Management certified. 
 The map provides an overview of the geographical footprint of our production network as of December 31, 2022: 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We have been and expect to become involved from time to time in various claims and lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of our business, such as product related claims, liability claims, employment related claims and asbestos litigation. Some matters involve claims for large amounts of damages as well as other relief. With respect to our settlement of the EPA s enforcement initiative and the settled arbitration proceedings with Evonik related to respectively limited indemnities please see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note Q. Commitments and Contingencies. We believe, based on currently available information, that the results of the proceedings referenced above, in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, but may be material to our operating results and cash flow for any particular period when the relevant costs are incurred. We note that the outcome of legal proceedings is inherently uncertain, and we offer no assurances as to the outcome of any of these current or future matters or their effect on the Company. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

21 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol OEC . 
 As of February 17, 2023, there were approximately 11 record holders of our common stock, i.e. stockholders directly registered under their name in the Company s physical share ledger in Luxembourg. 
 During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we did not sell any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act. 
 From time to time, we may repurchase our common stock in the open market pursuant to programs approved by our Board. See Stock Repurchase Program below. 
 The information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement (as defined in Item 10 below) under the heading Equity Compensation Plan Information at December 31, 2022 . 
 Dividend Policy 
 In accordance with the Luxembourg Company Law, the general meeting of shareholders has the power to make a resolution on the payment of dividends upon the recommendation of the Board of Directors. In deciding whether to recommend any future dividend, the Board of Directors would take into account any legal or contractual limitation, our actual and anticipated future earnings, cash flows, debt service and capital requirements, our business plans and such other matters as the Board of Directors believes appropriate, in its discretion. Generally, any dividend approved by a general meeting of shareholders would be paid out shortly after the meeting. 
 Luxembourg withholding tax at a rate of 15 is deducted from dividend payments, subject to certain exemptions and reductions in certain circumstances. 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 On November 3, 2022, our Board of Directors, in line with the respective authorization of the shareholders, resolved in the Company s annual general meeting of shareholders dated June 30, 2022, approved a stock repurchase program with the authorization to management to purchase up to 50 million of its outstanding common stock. Our stock repurchases may occur through open market purchases or trading plans pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act. The amount and timing of specific repurchases are subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements, the thresholds contained in the above referred shareholder authorization by the Board of Directors, may be restricted by payment capacity under our debt instruments and other factors. The authorization may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not obligate us to acquire any specific amount of common stock. 
 We started the purchase of equity securities in December of 2022 which were as follows: 
 Period Total number of stock purchased Average price paid per stock Total dollar value of stocks purchased as part of publicly announced plans in millions) Maximum approximate dollar value of stocks yet be purchased in millions) December 1 31, 2022 
 244,032 17.61 4.3 45.7 
 22 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 Performance Graph 
 The performance graph and the information contained in this section is not soliciting material, is being furnished, not filed, with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 The graph below shows the relative investment performance of Orion Engineered Carbons S.A.'s common stock, the S P Smallcap 600 Index and S P Small Cap Chemicals Index since December 31, 2017. The graph assumes that 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 and any dividends paid were reinvested at the date of payment. The graph is presented pursuant to SEC rules and is not meant to be an indication of our future performance. 
 
 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. 100.00 101.51 80.77 73.01 78.21 76.34 S P Smallcap 600 100.00 91.52 112.37 125.05 158.59 133.06 S P Small Cap Chemicals Index 100.00 84.93 98.59 116.93 146.59 125.45 

Item 6. Reserved 
 23 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis summarizes the significant factors affecting our results of operations and financial condition during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and should be read in conjunction with the information included under Item 1. Business and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data included elsewhere in this Annual Report. We prepare our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP or U.S. GAAP and in U.S. Dollars. 
 This section discusses year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021, except as noted below. For discussions on year-to-year comparison between 2021 and 2020, refer to Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2021 Annual Report in Form 10-K, which was filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on February 17, 2022 (the Prior Annual Report ). As described under Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures below, we implemented certain changes to our financial reporting structure during the fourth quarter of 2022, including the use of new non-GAAP measures (Gross profit per ton) to evaluate our performance, which measures are not discussed in the Prior Annual Report. Accordingly, this section also includes a discussion of year-to-year comparisons of these measures for 2022 compared to 2021, and for 2021 compared to 2020. 
 Overview 
 In 2022, our net sales were 2,030.9 million, sales volume was 962.9 kmt, net income was 106.2 million, and Adjusted EBITDA was 312.3 million. 
 Specialty Carbon Black Segment Adjusted EBITDA was 143.9 million, and the Adjusted EBITDA Margin was 21.3 . This segment accounted for 33.3 of our total revenue, 46.1 of total Adjusted EBITDA and 23.3 of our total volume in kmt in 2022. 
 Rubber Carbon Black Segment Adjusted EBITDA was 168.4 million, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin was 12.4 . This segment accounted for 66.7 of our total revenue, 53.9 of total Adjusted EBITDA and 76.7 of our total volume in kmt in 2022. 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations 
 We believe certain factors had, and will continue to have, a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition. As many of these factors are beyond our control and certain of these factors have historically been volatile, past performance will not necessarily be indicative of future performance, and it is difficult to predict future performance with any degree of certainty. In addition, important factors that could cause our actual results of operations or financial conditions to differ materially from those expressed or implied below, include, but are not limited to, factors indicated under Item 1A. Risk Factors and Cautionary Statement for the Purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 Recent Developments and Certain Known Trends 
 General Economic Conditions, Cyclicality and Seasonality 
 Our 2022 operating results reflect strong demand for Rubber Carbon Black compared to our 2021 fiscal year. However, this was partly offset by lower demand for our Specialty Carbon Black in 2022 compared with our 2021 fiscal year. Operating results were driven by a favorable product mix in both segments and Rubber segment volume growth, as well as our ability to adjust sales prices to conform to energy prices, raw material costs and cost of utilities, to deliver products that drive enhanced performance in customers applications, and to increase global and regional capacity utilization. Our ability to generate a financial return on our Rubber Carbon Black business, investments in debottlenecking, yield improvement technologies, etc., including U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA related projects, contributed to improved operating results. 
 In late February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine, significantly amplifying already existing geopolitical tensions among Russia and other countries in the region and in the West. Currently, the conflict has impacted exports of Russian crude oil and natural gas. The volatility, trading volumes, and prices in global crude oil and natural gas are expected to continue indefinitely. The extent or length of any adverse effects of the war in Ukraine on the supply of oil and natural gas and the quality and availability of carbon black oil is difficult to quantify. We are monitoring the stability of the natural gas supply in Europe though there is less concern this winter as many businesses and households have reduced consumption. The European Union EU has proposed a voluntary gas demand reduction target of 15 to be achieved between August 1, 2022 and March 31, 2023. To reach that target, Member States were encouraged to decrease gas consumption by the public sector and businesses, as well as households. 
 We have identified investments and operational changes which we believe would allow us to achieve between 35 and 40 reduction in natural gas without significantly affecting our production levels. 
 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We present certain financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with GAAP or the accounting standards of any other jurisdiction and may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their nearest comparable GAAP measures, see section Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures below. 
 24 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

These non-GAAP measures include, but are not limited to, Gross profit per metric ton, Adjusted EBITDA, Net Working Capital, Capital Expenditures and Segment Adjusted EBITDA Margin (in percentage). 
 We define: 
 Gross profit per metric ton Gross profit divided by volume measured in metric tons. 
 Adjusted EBITDA Income from operations before depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation, and non-recurring items (such as, restructuring expenses, consulting fees related to Company strategy, legal settlement gain, etc.) plus Earnings in affiliated companies, net of tax. 
 Net Working Capital Inventories, net plus Accounts receivable, net minus Accounts payable. 
 Capital Expenditures Cash paid for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment. 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA Margin (in percentage Segment Adjusted EBITDA divided by segment revenue. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is used by our chief operating decision maker CODM to evaluate our operating performance and to make decisions regarding allocation of capital, because it excludes the effects of items that have less bearing on the performance of our underlying core business. We use this measure, together with other measures of performance under GAAP, to compare the relative performance of operations in planning, budgeting and reviewing our business. We believe these measures are useful measures of financial performance in addition to Net income, Income from operations and other profitability measures under GAAP, because they facilitate operating performance comparisons from period to period. By eliminating potential differences in results of operations between periods caused by factors such as depreciation and amortization, historic cost and age of assets, financing and capital structures and taxation positions or regimes, we believe that Adjusted EBITDA provides a useful additional basis for evaluating and comparing the current performance of the underlying operations. In addition, we believe these non-GAAP measures aid investors by providing additional insight into our operational performance and help clarify trends affecting our business. 
 However, other companies and analysts may calculate non-GAAP financial measures differently, so making comparisons among companies on this basis should be done carefully. Non-GAAP measures are not performance measures under GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or construed as substitutes for Net sales, Net income, Income from operations, Gross profit and other GAAP measures as an indicator of our operations in accordance with GAAP. 
 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Gross profit per metric ton (A Non-GAAP Financial Measure) 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we implemented certain changes to our financial reporting structure. We now use Gross profit and Gross profit per metric ton to evaluate our performance instead of Contribution margin and Contribution margin per metric ton. This change had no impact on our historical Consolidated Financial Statements or the Footnotes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. This change was made because we believe Gross profit and Gross profit per metric ton better reflect the overall operation of our business. 
 Reconciliation of Gross profit per metric ton is as follows: Year Ended December 31, Year-Over-Year 2022 2021 2020 Delta 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs 2020 (In millions, except per ton data and percentage) Net sales 
 2,030.9 1,546.8 1,136.4 484.1 31.3 410.4 36.1 Cost of sales 
 (1,582.1) (1,160.2) (844.1) (421.9) 36.4 (316.1) 37.4 Gross profit 448.8 386.6 292.3 62.2 16.1 94.3 32.3 Volume (in kmt) 962.9 964.3 866.8 (1.4) (0.1) 97.5 11.2 Gross profit per metric ton 466.1 400.9 337.3 65.2 16.3 63.6 18.9 
 25 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

Reconciliation of Net income to Adjusted EBITDA (A Non-GAAP financial Measure) 
 Reconciliation of Net income to Adjusted EBITDA is as follows: Year Ended December 31, Year-Over-Year 2022 2021 Delta (In millions) Net income 106.2 134.7 (28.5) (21.2) Add back Income tax expense 51.5 51.7 (0.2) (0.4) Add back Earnings in affiliated companies, net of tax (0.5) (0.7) 0.2 (28.6) Income before earnings in affiliated companies and income taxes 157.2 185.7 (28.5) (15.3) Add back Interest and other financial expense, net 39.9 38.0 1.9 5.0 Add back Reclassification of actuarial losses from AOCI 4.8 (4.8) (100.0) Income from operations 197.1 228.5 (31.4) (13.7) Add back Depreciation of property, plant and equipment and amortization of intangible assets and right of use assets 105.7 104.1 1.6 1.5 EBITDA 302.8 332.6 (29.8) (9.0) Earnings in affiliated companies, net of tax 0.5 0.7 (0.2) (28.6) Gain related to litigation settlement (82.9) 82.9 (100.0) Long term incentive plan 7.7 5.2 2.5 48.1 EPA-related expenses 2.3 (2.3) (100.0) Environmental reserve accrual (0.4) 7.2 (7.6) (105.6) Other adjustments 1.7 3.3 (1.6) (48.5) Adjusted EBITDA 312.3 268.4 43.9 16.4 Specialty Carbon Black Adjusted EBITDA 
 143.9 148.4 (4.5) (3.0) Rubber Carbon Black Adjusted EBITDA 
 168.4 120.0 48.4 40.3 
 26 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

Operating Result s 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Operating results for the periods discussed are as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, Year-Over-Year 2022 2021 Delta (In millions) Net sales 2,030.9 1,546.8 484.1 31.3 Cost of sales 1,582.1 1,160.2 421.9 36.4 Gross profit 448.8 386.6 62.2 16.1 Selling, general and administrative expenses 227.1 210.4 16.7 7.9 Research and development costs 21.7 22.0 (0.3) (1.4) Gain related to litigation settlement (82.9) 82.9 (100.0) Other expenses, net 2.9 8.6 (5.7) (66.3) Income from operations 197.1 228.5 (31.4) (13.7) Interest and other financial expense, net 39.9 38.0 1.9 5.0 Reclassification of actuarial losses from AOCI 4.8 (4.8) (100.0) Income before earnings in affiliated companies and income taxes 157.2 185.7 (28.5) (15.3) Income tax expense 51.5 51.7 (0.2) (0.4) Earnings in affiliated companies, net of tax 0.5 0.7 (0.2) (28.6) Net income 106.2 134.7 (28.5) (21.2) 
 Net sales 
 Net sales increased by 484.1 million, or 31.3 , from 1,546.8 million in 2021 to 2,030.9 million in 2022, driven primarily by improved base price, passing through higher feedstock costs, impact of favorable product mix across both segments, plus higher volume in the Rubber Carbon Black segment. Those were partially offset by lower volume in the Specialty Carbon Black segment, and unfavorable foreign currency translation impacted both segments. Increased cogeneration revenue, a by-product, also benefited both segments. 
 Volumes decreased by 1.4 kmt, or 0.1 , to 962.9 kmt, year-over-year. 
 Cost of sales 
 Cost of sales increased by 421.9 million, or 36.4 , from 1,160.2 million in 2021 to 1,582.1 million in 2022, primarily due to higher raw material costs and production-associated costs. 
 Gross profit 
 2022 Gross profit increased by 62.2 million or 16.1 , from 386.6 million in 2021 to 448.8 million in 2022, and gross profit per metric ton increased by 16.3 or 65.2 to 466.1. 
 The increase was primarily driven by improved base price, favorable product mix in both segments and higher volume in the Rubber Carbon Black segment. Those were partially offset by lower volume in the Specialty Carbon Black segment. Higher margins per ton resulted from price increases to recover environmental and reliability-related capital expenditures. 
 2021 Gross profit increased by 94.3 million or 32.3 from 292.3 million in 2020 to 386.6 million in 2021 and gross profit per metric ton increased by 18.9 or 63.6 to 400.9. 
 The increase was primarily driven by passing through of higher feedstock costs, higher sales volume due to sharp global recovery from COVID-19 across all regions and segments, favorable product mix and higher energy sales. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 16.7 million, or 7.9 , from 210.4 million in 2021 to 227.1 million in 2022 driven primarily by higher freight and personnel costs, partially offset by the impact of foreign currency translation. 
 Gain related to litigation settlement 
 During the second quarter of 2021, Evonik agreed to make a one-time cash payment of 66.55 million 79.5 million) to settle a dispute which originated from the acquisition of the carbon black business by Rh ne Capital and Triton Partners in 2011. The 2011 acquisition 
 27 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

agreement provided for a partial indemnity from Evonik against various exposures, including capital investments, fines and costs arising in connection with U.S. Clean Air Act violations that occurred prior to the closing of the 2011 acquisition (i.e., under Evonik s control). In addition, we released 3.4 million of net legal reserves related to this dispute. This was not repeated in 2022. 
 Income tax expense 
 Income tax expense was 51.5 million and 51.7 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The 2022 effective income tax rate was 32.7 compared with 27.7 in 2021. The increase in the effective tax rate was mainly due to change in valuation allowance and tax rate differences. Those were partially offset by the effects of earnings in various countries with lower statutory tax rates and tax-free income. For details regarding this deviation, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and Note P. Income Taxes to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Adjusted EBITDA (A Non-GAAP Financial Measure) 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased by 43.9 million, or 16.4 , from 268.4 million in 2021 to 312.3 million in 2022. The increase was primarily due to improved base price, impact of favorable product mix across both segments and higher volume in the Rubber Carbon Black segment. Those were partially offset by lower volume in the Specialty Carbon Black segment and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation. Increased cogeneration revenue, a by-product, also benefited both segments. 
 Comprehensive Income 
 Year Ended December 31, Year-Over-Year 2022 2021 2020 Delta 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs 2020 (In millions) Comprehensive income 
 142.2 134.9 3.8 7.3 131.1 
 2022 vs 2021 Comprehensive income increased by 7.3 million, from 134.9 million to 142.2 million, primarily due to: 
 32.5 million related to financial derivative instruments primarily driven by net periodic changes in cross currency and interest rate swaps, and 
 9.1 million related to net changes in defined pension and other post-retirement benefits driven by discount rates and higher actual returns. 
 Those increases were partially offset by 
 28.5 million of lower net income; 2021 net income included gain related to litigation legal settlement not repeated in 2022, and 
 5.8 million of net unfavorable impacts of unrealized changes in foreign currency translation adjustments. Relative to the U.S. dollar, the value of the euro weakened during 2022, resulting in net losses related to unrealized changes in foreign currency translation which are reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 2021 vs 2020 Comprehensive income increased by 131.1 million from 3.8 million to 134.9 million, primarily due to: 
 116.5 million of higher net income; 2021 net income included gain related to litigation legal settlement not included in 2020, 
 6.7 million net favorable impacts of unrealized changes in foreign currency translation adjustments. Relative to the U.S. dollar, the value of the euro increased during 2021, resulting in net gain related to unrealized changes in foreign currency translation which are reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, 
 5.3 million of net favorable impacts of financial derivative instruments primarily driven by periodic changes in cross currency and interest rate swaps and 
 2.6 million of net favorable changes in defined pension and other post-retirement benefits. 
 28 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

Segment Discussion 
 Our business operations are divided into two operating segments Specialty Carbon Black and Rubber Carbon Black. We use Segment Adjusted EBITDA as measures of segment performance and profitability. The table below presents our segment results for 2022, and 2021. 
 Year Ended December 31, Year-Over-Year 2022 2021 Delta (In millions, unless otherwise indicated) Specialty Carbon Black Net sales 675.4 598.2 77.2 12.9 Cost of sales (474.7) (400.6) (74.1) 18.5 Gross profit 200.7 197.6 3.1 1.6 Volume (kmt) (1) 
 224.3 263.2 (38.9) (14.8) Adjusted EBITDA 143.9 148.4 (4.5) (3.0) Adjusted EBITDA Margin ) 21.3 24.8 (3.5) (14.1) Rubber Carbon Black Net sales 1,355.5 948.6 406.9 42.9 Cost of sales (1,107.4) (759.6) (347.8) 45.8 Gross profit 248.1 189.0 59.1 31.3 Volume (kmt) 738.6 701.1 37.5 5.3 Adjusted EBITDA 168.4 120.0 48.4 40.3 Adjusted EBITDA Margin ) 12.4 12.7 (0.3) (2.4) 
 Specialty Carbon Black 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Net sales of the Specialty Carbon Black segment increased by 77.2 million, or 12.9 , from 598.2 million in 2021 to 675.4 million in 2022. The net sales increase in 2022 was primarily driven by improved base price and favorable product mix, partially offset by lower sales volume and an unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation. 
 Volume of the Specialty Carbon Black segment decreased by 38.9 kmt, or 14.8 , from 263.2 kmt in 2021 to 224.3 kmt in 2022. The volumes were lower due to customer destocking and lower demand, primarily in polymers, related to the weakening economy. 
 Gross profit of the Specialty Carbon Black segment increased marginally by 3.1 million, or 1.6 , from 197.6 million in 2021 to 200.7 million in 2022, primarily driven by higher margins and favorable product mix. 
 Adjusted EBITDA of the Specialty Carbon Black segment decreased by 4.5 million, or 3.0 , from 148.4 million in 2021 to 143.9 million in 2022. Adjusted EBITDA decrease was due to lower volume, impact of unfavorable foreign currency translation and higher selling, general and administrative costs. Those were partially offset by higher profit margins and favorable product mix. 
 Rubber Carbon Black 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Net sales of the Rubber Carbon Black segment increased by 406.9 million, or 42.9 , from 948.6 million in 2021 to 1,355.5 million in 2022. The increase was primarily due to improved base price, pass through of feed stock costs, higher volume and favorable product mix, partially offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign currency translation. 
 Volume of the Rubber Carbon Black segment increased by 37.5 kmt, or 5.3 , from 701.1 kmt in 2021 to 738.6 kmt in 2022. The increase reflects higher demand in Americas and Europe/Middle East/Africa. 
 Gross profit of the Rubber Carbon Black segment increased by 59.1 million, or 31.3 , from 189.0 million in 2021 to 248.1 million in 2022. The increase in the period was primarily driven by higher profit margins, higher volume and favorable product mix, partially offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign currency translation. Higher profit margins resulted from base price increases to recover environmental and reliability-related capital expenditures. 
 Adjusted EBITDA of the Rubber Carbon Black segment increased by 48.4 million, or 40.3 , from 120.0 million in 2021 to 168.4 million in 2022. The increase was primarily due to pricing, higher volume and product mix, partially offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign currency translation and higher selling, general and administrative costs. 
 29 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Historical Cash Flows 
 The table below presents cash flows derived from our Consolidated Financial Statements. Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In millions) Net cash provided by operating activities 81.0 145.2 Net cash used in investing activities (232.8) (214.7) Net cash provided by financing activities 149.3 73.3 
 2022 
 Operating Activities Cash provided by operating activities primarily reflected our Net income, adjusted for non-cash items and changes in working capital. 
 Investing Activities Cash used by investing activities primarily reflects 165.8 million expenditures for safety, maintenance and growth investments and 67.0 million to install emissions reduction technology to meet the Environmental Protection Agency EPA requirements in the U.S. See Note Q. Commitments and Contingencies to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the Company s commitments and contingencies relating to the EPA. 
 Financing Activities 149.3 million of cash provided by financing activities primarily reflects 91.0 million of net borrowings under our Revolving credit facilities RCF and ancillary facilities, 47.8 million to partially finance the construction of our Huaibei facility, China, 36.3 million proceeds from Repurchase agreement, and Other short-term debt and obligations, net. Those were partially offset by a 30.2 million reduction in local uncommitted credit lines, scheduled debt repayments, dividend distributions and stock buybacks. See Note J. Debt and Other Obligations to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the Company s indebtedness. 
 2021 
 Operating Activities The cash provided by operating activities primarily reflected our Net income, adjusted for non-cash items, changes in working capital and 82.9 million related to Evonik legal settlement gain. 
 Investing Activities Approximately 119.8 million related to capital expenditures comprises a combination of safety, maintenance, sustainability and growth investments. Additionally, approximately 94.9 million was associated with our ongoing efforts to install emissions reduction technology to meet EPA requirements. 
 Financing Activities Net cash provided by financing activities is composed primarily of net borrowings under our revolving credit facility of 75.8 million for our working capital. Our financing activity included refinancing of our Term-loan and associated costs. See Note J. Debt and Other Obligations to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on our Term-loan refinancing. 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are the net cash generated (i) from operating activities, primarily driven by our operating results and changes in working capital requirements and (ii) from financing activities, primarily driven by borrowing amounts available under our committed multicurrency, senior secured RCF and related ancillary facilities, various uncommitted local credit lines, and, from time to time, term loan borrowings and Accounts receivable factoring. 
 We believe our anticipated future operating cash flow, the capacity under our existing credit facilities and uncommitted bilateral lines of credit, along with access to surety bonds, will be sufficient to finance our planned capital expenditures, settle our commitments and contingencies, and address our normal anticipated working capital needs for the foreseeable future. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had liquidity of 292.2 million, including cash and equivalents of 60.8 million, 165.9 million in availability remaining under our revolving credit facility, including ancillary lines, 25.0 million undrawn on the term-loan for Huaibei, China, and 40.5 million under other available credit lines. 
 30 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

Net Working Capital (Non-GAAP Financial Measure) 
 We define Net Working Capital as the total of Inventories, net and Accounts receivable, net, less Accounts payable. Net Working Capital is a non-GAAP financial measure, and other companies may use a similarly titled financial measure that is calculated differently from the way we calculate Net Working Capital. The components of Net Working Capital at December 31, are as follows: 
 2022 2021 (In millions) Inventories, net 277.9 229.8 Accounts receivable, net 367.8 288.9 Accounts payable (184.1) (195.1) 461.6 323.6 
 Our Net Working Capital position can vary significantly due to fluctuations in oil prices and receipts of carbon black oil shipments. In general, increases in the cost of raw materials lead to an increase in our Net Working Capital requirements. Our inventories and trade receivables increased primarily due to higher carbon black oil prices and higher Rubber Carbon Back sales volume. These increases are partially offset by related increases in Accounts payable. Due to the quantity of carbon black oil that we typically keep in stock, such increases in Net Working Capital occur gradually over a period of two to three months. Conversely, decreases in the cost of raw materials lead to a decrease in our Net Working Capital requirements over the same period of time. 
 Our Net Working Capital increased to 461.6 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 323.6 million as of December 31, 2021. The components of working capital that used or provided cash were as follows: 
 Inventories, net Higher oil prices and an increase in production to meet forecasted demand resulted in increased raw material and finished goods inventory; and 
 Accounts receivable, net Increase was driven by higher sales due to higher product demand and passing through of higher feedstock costs. 
 Those increases were partially offset by: 
 Accounts payable Decrease in accounts payable was primarily due to timing of payments, partially offset by higher production and higher oil prices. 
 Capital Requirements 
 Capital Expenditures We define Capital Expenditures as cash paid for the Acquisition of property, plant and equipment. We plan to finance our capital expenditures with cash generated by our operating activities and/or utilizing existing debt capacity. We currently do not have any material commitments to make capital expenditures and do not plan to make capital expenditures outside the ordinary course of our business. See Note Q. Commitments and Contingencies to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for further details regarding our prior settlement with the EPA. 
 Debt and Other Obligations Our gross debt balance as of December 31, 2022 was 919.7 million, an increase of 131.2 million compared to December 31, 2021. Maturities of 3.0 million of term loan debt, due in 2023, excluding net unamortized premiums and discounts, will be paid from current cash balances and cash generated by operations. For more information on Debt, refer to Note J. Debt and Other Obligations to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Contractual Obligations We do not have material contractual obligations. We believe other contractual obligations would be met with cash generated by our operating activities and/or utilizing existing debt capacity. For more information on Contractual obligations, refer to Note Q. Commitments and Contingencies to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Leases We do not have material short-term lease obligations. We believe lease obligations would be met with cash generated by our operating activities and/or utilizing existing debt capacity. For operating and finance leases, refer to Note G. Leases to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Trend Information 
 See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Recent Developments and Certain Known Trends. 
 31 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The policies and estimates discussed below are considered by our management to be critical to an understanding of the Consolidated Financial Statements, because their application requires the most significant judgments from management in estimating matters for financial reporting that are inherently uncertain. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included in this Annual Report in Form 10-K. 
 Use of Estimates We consider an accounting estimate to be critical to the financial statements if (i) the estimate is complex in nature or requires a high degree of judgment and (ii) if different estimates and assumptions were used, the results could have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. Estimates and assumptions are based on information available at the time such estimates and assumptions are made. Adjustments made with respect to the use of these estimates and assumptions often relate to information not previously available. Uncertainties with respect to such estimates and assumptions are inherent in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. We evaluate our estimates and the application of our policies on an ongoing basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Inventories W e account for our raw materials, work-in-progress and finished goods inventories using average cost method of accounting. The cost of raw materials, which represents a substantial portion of our operating expenses and energy costs generally follow price trends for crude oil and/or natural gas. 
 We periodically review inventory for both potential obsolescence and potential declines in anticipated selling prices. Due to natural inventory composition changes, variation in pricing from period to period does not necessarily result in a linear lower of cost or market LCM impact. Fluctuation in the prices from period to period may result in the recognition of charges to adjust the value of inventory to the lower of cost or market in periods of falling prices and the reversal of those charges in subsequent interim periods as market prices recover. We write down the value of our inventories by an amount equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and its estimated net realizable value. Historically, such write-downs have not been material. However, if actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management at the time of the assessment, additional inventory write-downs may be required, which could reduce our gross profit and our earnings. 
 Goodwill Impairment We record goodwill for the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the net assets of the acquired business. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if an event or change in circumstance indicates that an impairment may have occurred. 
 We also have the option to proceed directly to the quantitative impairment test. Under the quantitative impairment test, the fair value of each reporting unit, calculated using a discounted cash flow model, is compared to its carrying value including goodwill. The discounted cash flow model inherently utilizes a significant number of estimates and assumptions including operating margins, tax rates, discount rates, capital expenditures and working capital changes. If the carrying value of the reporting unit including goodwill exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge equal to the excess would be recognized, up to a maximum amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. 
 For 2022 and 2021, we performed a qualitative impairment assessment of our reporting units. Both periods indicated the fair value of our reporting units was greater than their carrying value including goodwill. Accordingly, a quantitative goodwill impairment test was not required and no goodwill impairment was recognized in 2022 or 2021. 
 Loss Contingencies We record liabilities for loss contingencies when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss is reasonably estimable. We provide disclosure when there is a reasonable possibility that the ultimate loss will exceed the recorded provision by a material amount or if the loss is not reasonably estimable but is expected to be material to our financial results. We are currently involved in litigation and other proceedings, as discussed in Note Q. Commitments and Contingencies to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. We have accrued our estimates of the probable losses associated with these matters and associated legal costs are generally recognized as incurred. However, our losses are typically resolved over long periods of time and are often difficult to estimate due to various factors including the possibility of multiple actions by third parties. Therefore, it is possible future earnings could be affected by changes in our estimates related to these matters. 
 Accruals for Taxes Based on Income The determination of our provision for income taxes and the calculation of our tax benefits and liabilities is subject to management s estimates and judgments due to the complexity of the tax laws and regulations in the tax jurisdictions in which we operate. Uncertainties exist with respect to interpretation of these complex laws and regulations. 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis and are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse. 
 We recognize future tax benefits to the extent that the realization of these benefits is more likely than not. Our current provision for income taxes is impacted by the recognition and release of valuation allowances related to net deferred tax assets in certain jurisdictions. Further changes to these valuation allowances may impact our future provision for income taxes, which will include no tax benefit with respect to 
 32 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

losses incurred and no tax expense with respect to income generated in these countries until the respective valuation allowance is eliminated. 
 We recognize the financial statement benefits with respect to an uncertain income tax position that we have taken or may take on an income tax return when we believe it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained with the tax authorities. 
 ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING CHANGES 
 For a discussion of the potential impact of new accounting pronouncements on our Consolidated Financial Statements, see Note B. Recent Accounting Pronouncements to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Our activities expose us to a variety of market risks. Our primary market risk exposures relate to foreign exchange, interest rate and commodity risks. To manage these risks and our exposure to the unpredictability of financial markets, we seek to mitigate their impact on our financial performance and capital. Where appropriate, we use derivative financial instruments solely for the purpose of hedging the foreign exchange, interest and commodity risks arising from our operations and sources of finance. For this purpose, a systematic financial and risk management system has been established. We do not enter into derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. 
 The following discussion and analysis only address our market risk and does not address other financial risks that we face in the normal course of business, including credit risk and liquidity risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk management aims to protect consolidated Net income from negative effects from market interest rate fluctuations. Orion is exposed to interest rate risk, which might arise from incurring new liabilities due to higher interest rates. We also have term loans which are variable interest rate instruments, that exposes us to market risk arising from changes in the yield curve. Appropriate hedging instruments are in place to mitigate the exposure arising from increasing interest rates. 
 The table below shows the sensitivity of our interest expense to changes in the interest rate, after the impact of hedge accounting. It shows the change resulting from a hypothetical fluctuation in the three-month LIBOR of 50 basis points (0.50 as of December 31, 2022, assuming that all other variables remain unchanged. For example, changes in USD/EUR currency rate would have an impact on our interest exposure and vice versa. Changes in interest rates would also have a related impact on our foreign currency (USD) exposure. The sensitivity analysis assumes that the hypothetical interest rate was valid and that our Revolving credit facility was utilized in the full amount over the course of the entire year. 
 The effect of this hypothetical change in the interest rate of the variable rate loan on our consolidated Income before earnings in affiliated companies and income taxes ("income before taxes" in this section) for the year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 Increase by 0.50 Decrease by 0.50 In millions (Increase) decrease in interest expense (0.7) 0.8 Increase (decrease) in total comprehensive income before taxes 0.7 (0.8) 
 33 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

Foreign Currency Risk 
 A significant portion of our reporting entities use the euro as their functional currency. Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. The translation gains or losses that result from the process of translating the euro denominated financial statements to U.S. dollar are deferred in Accumulated other comprehensive income until such time as those entities may be substantially liquidated or sold. Changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the euro can therefore have a significant impact on Comprehensive income. 
 The table below shows the sensitivity with regard to the effect of a change in the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate using the outstanding amount and the interest for the U.S. dollar-denominated Term Loan issued by a 100 wholly owned subsidiary whose functional currency is the euro. A fluctuation of the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate of 10 as of December 31, 2022, with other conditions remaining unchanged, would have the following effect on our Income before earnings in affiliated companies and income taxes: 
 December 31, 2022 Value of the U.S. Dollar in relation to the Euro (1) 
 Increase by 10 Decrease by 10 In thousands FX gain (loss) in financial result 9.0 (11.0) 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022: 1 = 1.0666 (U.S.). 
 Some of our operations enter into transactions that are not denominated in their functional currency. This results in an exposure to foreign currency risk, including, but not limited to, third party and intercompany receivables and payables and intercompany loans. 
 Our policy is to maintain a balanced position in foreign currencies to minimize exchange gains and losses arising from changes in exchange rates. To minimize the effects of our net currency exchange exposures, we enter into foreign exchange contracts and cross-currency swaps. Our net position in foreign currencies is monitored daily. 
 We maintain risk management control practices to monitor foreign currency risk attributable to our intercompany and third party outstanding foreign currency balances. These practices involve the centralization of our exposure to underlying currencies that are not subject to central bank and/or country specific restrictions. By centralizing most of our foreign currency exposure into one subsidiary, we are able to take advantage of any natural offsets, thereby reducing the overall impact of changes in foreign currency rates on our earnings. At December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, a 10 fluctuation compared to the U.S. dollar in the underlying currencies that have no central bank or other currency restrictions related to non-hedged monetary assets, net would have resulted in an additional impact to earnings of approximately 11.0 million, 8.3 million, and 4.2 million, respectively. 
 Interest and other financial expense, net, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations reflected net exchange rate foreign currency losses of 3.5 million, 6.4 million and 15.2 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Commodity Risk 
 Commodity risk results from changes in market prices for raw materials, mainly carbon black oil. Raw materials are primarily purchased to meet our production requirements. Costs for raw materials and energy have fluctuated significantly in past years and may continue to fluctuate in the future. We endeavor to reduce purchasing risks on the procurement markets through worldwide purchasing activities and optimized processes for the purchase of additional raw materials. Raw materials are purchased exclusively to cover our own requirements. 
 A significant portion of our volume, approximately 70 , is sold based on formula-driven price adjustment mechanisms for changes in costs of raw materials. Sales prices under non-indexed contracts are reviewed on a quarterly basis to reflect raw material and market fluctuation. We believe that our contracts enable us to generally maintain our Segment Adjusted EBITDA Margins. 
 34 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Table of Contents Consolidated Financial Statements Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID: and PCAOB ID: 
 36 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 39 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 40 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 41 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 42 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 43 
 
 35 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 
 Inventory Reserves- Valuation Description of the Matter 
 As discussed in Note A and D of the financial statements, the Company records an adjustment to the cost basis of inventory when evidence exists that the net realizable value of inventory is lower than its cost, which occurs when the Company has excess or obsolete inventory. The Company's model to estimate excess or obsolete inventory is based on an analysis of existing inventory quantities compared to historical and expected future consumption. Expected future consumption is estimated based upon historical consumption, recent purchase volumes, product age and condition, and market factors. 
 Auditing management's reserves for excess or obsolete inventories associated with spare parts and finished goods involved significant auditor judgement because write-downs of inventories are based on subjective factors including inventory condition and projected sales and usage of inventory which are affected by market and economic conditions outside the Company s control. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company's inventory reserve process. This included management's assessment of the assumptions and data underlying the inventory reserve. 
 Our substantive audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the significant assumptions stated above and the accuracy and completeness of the underlying data management used to value excess or obsolete inventory. We compared inventories on-hand to historical usage and forecasts of future demand obtained from entity-specific and available market information. We also performed sensitivity analyses over the significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the excess and obsolete inventory estimates that would result from changes in the underlying assumptions. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 36 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows of Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. (the Company) for the year ended December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated results of the Company s operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor from 2011 to 2021 
 
 February 18, 2021 
 37 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In millions, except share and per share data) Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Research and development costs Gain related to litigation settlement ) Other expenses, net Income from operations Interest and other financial expense, net Reclassification of actuarial losses from AOCI Income before earnings in affiliated companies and income taxes Income tax expense Earnings in affiliated companies, net of tax Net income Weighted-average shares outstanding (in thousands): Basic Diluted Earnings per share Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

38 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In millions) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Net gains (losses) on derivatives ) Defined benefit plans, net Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 39 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 December 31 2022 2021 (In millions, except share data) ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Income tax receivables Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Investment in equity method affiliates Deferred income tax assets Other assets Total non-current assets Total assets 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable Current portion of long term debt and other financial liabilities Accrued liabilities Income taxes payable Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Employee benefit plan obligation Deferred income tax liabilities Other liabilities Total non-current liabilities Stockholders' equity Common stock Authorized: and shares with no par value 
 Issued and shares with no par value 
 Outstanding and shares 
 Treasury stock, at cost, and 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 40 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In millions) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation of property, plant and equipment and amortization of intangible assets and right of use assets Amortization of debt issuance costs Share-based incentive compensation Deferred tax (benefit) provision ) Foreign currency transactions ) ) ) Reclassification of actuarial losses from AOCI Other operating non-cash items, net ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net: Trade receivables ) ) ) Inventories ) ) Trade payables ) Other provisions ) Income tax liabilities ) Other assets and liabilities, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from long-term debt borrowings Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Payments for debt issue costs ) Cash inflows related to current financial liabilities Cash outflows related to current financial liabilities ) ) ) Dividends paid to shareholders ) ) Repurchase of common stock under Stock Repurchase Program ) Other financing activities ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of the period Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of the period Less restricted cash at the end of the period Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period Cash paid for interest, net ) ) ) Cash paid for income taxes ) ) ) Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activity: Lease liabilities 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 41 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

 Common stock (In millions, except share and per share data) Number Amount Treasury shares Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total As of January 1, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Dividends - per share 
 ) ) Share based compensation Issuance of stock under equity compensation plans As of December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Dividends - per share ) ) Share based compensation Issuance of stock under equity compensation plans ) As of December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Dividends - per share ) ) Repurchases of Common stock ) ) ) Share based compensation Issuance of stock under equity compensation plans ) ) As of December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

42 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Table of Contents Notes Page Note A. Significant Accounting Policies 
 44 
 Note B. Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 49 
 Note C. Accounts Receivable 
 49 
 Note D. Inventories 
 49 
 Note E. Prepaid and Other Current Assets 
 50 
 Note F. Property, Plant and Equipment 
 50 
 Note G. Leases 
 50 
 Note H. Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 51 
 Note I. Accruals and Other Liabilities 
 52 
 Note J. Debt and Other Obligations 
 53 
 Note K. Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurement 
 56 
 Note L. Employee Benefit Plans 
 58 
 Note M. Stock-Based Compensation 
 61 
 Note N. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 63 
 Note O. Earnings Per Share 
 63 
 Note P. Income Taxes 
 63 
 Note Q. Commitments and Contingencies 
 67 
 Note R. Segment Financial Information 
 68 
 Note S. Related Parties 
 71 

43 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note A. 

. 

and years, and years, and and years, respectively. 
 Land is not depreciated. 
 We evaluate property, plant and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are 
 44 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

- years or over the term of the related agreement. The useful lives of intangibles related to customer relationships acquired in business combinations are estimated on the basis of contractual arrangements and the probability of a continuing relationship. 
 We evaluate definite-lived intangible assets with the associated long-lived asset group for impairment whenever impairment indicators are present, such as a significant reduction in cash flows associated with the assets. 

45 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

46 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We do not have contract assets or liabilities that are material. 

months or less are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 
 47 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

48 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note B. 
 
 Note C. 
 Expected credit losses ) ) Accounts receivable, net of expected credit losses) ) Credit loss expense ) ) Credit loss income and utilization Foreign currency translation effects Allowance for credit losses as of December 31, ) ) 
 
 Note D. 
 Work in process Finished goods, net Total 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, inventory reserves were approximately million and million, respectively. 
 49 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note E. 
 Deposits Restricted Cash Miscellaneous other Total 
 Other assets, at December 31, consist of the following components: 
 December 31 2022 2021 (In millions) Financial assets Miscellaneous other Total 
 
 Note F. 
 Land rights and buildings Plant and machinery Other equipment, furniture and fixtures Construction in progress Total property, plant and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation Net property, plant and equipment 
 Depreciation expense was million, million and million for fiscal years ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Note G. 
 
 Operating lease costs Short-term leasing costs Total 
 50 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Finance leases Total Lease Liabilities (1) 
 Operating leases Current Long-term Finance leases Current Long-term Total 
 (1) Reflected in Current and Other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The weighted remaining average minimum lease period for finance and operating leases are years and years, respectively. 
 1 to 2 years 2 to 3 years 3 to 4 years 4 to 5 years More than 5 years Total undiscounted minimum lease payments Imputed interest ) ) ) Lease liability (current and non-current) 
 . 
 
 Note H. 
 Foreign currency impact ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 Foreign currency impact ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 51 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Customer relationships Trademarks Long-term contracts Other intangible assets Total intangible assets 
 Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively, and is included in Cost of sales and Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total aggregated amortization 
 
 Note I. 
 Accrued liabilities for sales and procurement Accrued liabilities for restructuring Environmental reserves Other accrued liabilities Total 
 The components of Other current liabilities, at December 31, are as follows: 2022 2021 (In millions) Employee related liabilities Current lease liabilities (refer to Note G. Leases 
 Other current liabilities Total 
 52 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Liabilities for asset retirement obligation Environmental reserve Long-term lease liabilities (refer to Note G. Leases 
 Other non-current liabilities Total 
 
 Note J. 
 Deferred debt issuance costs - Term loans ) ) Other short-term debt and obligations Current portion of long-term debt and other financial liabilities Non-current Term Loans Deferred debt issuance costs - Term loans ) ) China Term loan 
 Long-term debt, net Total 
 (a) Term Loan 
 In 2014, Orion entered into Credit Agreement, which included an million term loan, which was allocated to a term loan facility denominated in U.S. Dollars of million and a term loan facility denominated in Euros of million with both having an original maturity date of July 25, 2021 (the Prior Term Loans ). Initial interest was calculated based on three-month EURIBOR (for the Euro-denominated loan), and three-month USD-LIBOR (for the USD-denominated loan) plus a - margin depending on the Company s net leverage ratio. For both EURIBOR and USD-LIBOR a floor of applied. At least of the principal amount is required to be repaid per annum. 
 Subsequent to 2014, Orion entered into a number of amendments, achieving a significant reduction of both interest margins to for the U.S. dollar term loan and for the Euro term loan. In addition, the interest margin was no longer linked to Orion's net leverage ratio and the EURIBOR and USD-LIBOR floors were eliminated. In 2017, the duration of the Prior Term Loans was extended to July 25, 2024. 
 In September 2021, Orion entered into the Ninth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, which includes an amended and restated term loan agreement (the "Term Loans"). The Term Loan facility was allocated to a term loan facility denominated in U.S. dollars of million and denominated in Euros of million with both having a maturity date of September 24, 2028, replacing the Prior Term Loans. Interest is calculated based on three months EURIBOR (for the Euro-denominated loan) plus a margin of , or three-month USD-LIBOR (for the USD-denominated loan) plus a margin of . For the U.S. dollar loan, a floor of applies and for the Euro-denominated loan no floor exists. of the principal amount is required to be repaid per annum in respect to the USD-denominated loans, whereas there is no scheduled amortization for the Euro-denominated loans. The Credit Agreement was also amended to include LIBOR replacement language in preparation for the eventual phase out of the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). 
 The Term Loans include a sustainability-linked margin adjustment that applies to both the Euro and U.S. dollar loans. The margin adjustment is based on annual SO 2 and NOx emission reduction targets for the Company s North American plants between 2022 and 2028, respectively. Specifically, the credit spread on the Term Loans will decline or rise by up to basis points depending on the emissions profile of the Company s North American plants, in aggregate. Starting in 2022 and continuing through 2025, the Company reviews annually whether both interim targets have been met. The review of 2022 is in process. If the Company achieves both targets, it will benefit from up to a -basis point credit spread reduction for the prospective months period following the submission of the annual ESG compliance certificate. For the period from 2026 to 2028, a margin step-up by or basis points would occur if Orion does not maintain the reduced emissions profile of one or both targets. 
 Other provisions of the Credit Agreement relating to the Term Loan remained substantially unchanged. 
 53 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million of refinancing costs of which million of loan origination costs were capitalized and million of other fees were directly expensed. 
 U.S. dollars denominated Term Loan 
 (b) China Term Loan 
 To partially finance the construction of our Huaibei facility in China, on March 16, 2022, our wholly owned subsidiary, Orion Engineered Carbons (Huaibei) Co., Ltd. OECCL ), entered into a fixed interest rate, CNY million (approximately million), term-loan agreement with The Bank of China BOC Term-Loan maturing on December 21, 2029. OECCL is required to repay the BOC Term-Loan principal in semi-annual payments beginning June 2024. Interest is payable quarterly, beginning June 2022. The agreement restricts OECCL s ability to make external investments, repay intercompany loan or distribute dividends. The principal repayments under the agreement are: in 2024, in 2025 and each year thereafter, concluding in June 2029. The BOC Term-Loan is secured with the Huaibei facility s land, construction in progress, and buildings as collateral. As of December 31, 2022, we have drawn million on the facility. 
 (c) Other Short-Term Debt and Obligations 
 Other short-term debt and obligations, at 
 Ancillary Credit Facilities OEC GmbH outstanding borrowings OEC LLC outstanding borrowings Uncommitted Local Lines of Credit: Korea (capacity million) 
 Brazil (capacity million) 
 Korea Working Capital Loan China Working Capital Loan Repurchase Agreement Total of Other Short-term Debt and Obligations Supplemental information: Total ancillary capacity - EUR Total ancillary capacity - U.S. Dollars 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 In 2014, under the Credit Agreement, we entered into a million multicurrency revolving credit facility RCF with an original maturity date of July 25, 2019. Interest is calculated based on EURIBOR (for euro drawings), and USD-LIBOR (for U.S. Dollar drawings) plus a - margin (depending on leverage ratio). 
 Subsequent to 2014, Orion entered into a number of amendments, which largely were made to increase the RCF capacity. The RCF amendment completed in April 2019, extended the RCF maturity date to April 25, 2024, increased the aggregate amount of revolving credit commitments in Euro by million and reduced the interest margin to a to range, using a revised pricing grid. In May 2022, we added an additional million of capacity to our RCF which expands our facility to million. 
 All other terms of the RCF remained substantially unchanged, including the commitment fee, which remains at of the interest margin or at December 31, 2022. As of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, million and RCF borrowings, as defined in the RCF agreement, had been drawn. There were amounts drawn during 2021. We classify amounts outstanding under the RCF as current in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as the borrowings are for short-term working capital needs, typically for one-month periods, and based on management s intention to repay the amounts outstanding within one year from the date of drawing. 
 Letters of credit can be issued for the amount available under the RCF and ancillary facilities. The weighted average interest rates on the RCF as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 
 54 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million and million, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s net leverage ratio was x, which corresponds to an interest margin of for both USD and Euro denominated borrowings. 
 Ancillary Credit Facilities As part of the RCF, the Company can also establish ancillary credit facilities by converting the commitments of select lenders under the million RCF into bilateral credit agreements. Original borrowings under ancillary credit facilities reduce availability under the RCF. Borrowings under ancillary credit facilities do not count toward debt drawn under the RCF for the purposes of determining whether the financial covenant under the Credit Agreement related to the RCF must be tested. 
 During the second quarter 2020, the Company increased the number of RCF banks and total converted ancillary borrowings from million to million. During 2022, the Company further increased the number of RCF banks and total converted ancillary borrowings to million. 
 Full RCF utilization will not trigger the covenant threshold (for discussion see Covenant Compliance, First Lien Leverage Ratio covenant section below). 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total commitment of million (approximately million) was split between an million RCF tranche and million of bilateral ancillary facilities established directly with several banks under the RCF. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, committed ancillary credit facilities totaled million and million, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, unutilized ancillary borrowing capacity was approximately million. 
 The general terms of the ancillary credit facilities are linked to the terms in the RCF. 
 Uncommitted Local Lines of Credit The uncommitted local lines of credit in Brazil and Korea are with local banks that are not lenders under the Credit Agreement and were negotiated bilaterally. 
 Korea Working Capital Loan For working capital flexibility, in June 2022, we entered in a term-loan agreement for billion Korean won million) with Hana Bank. The interest rate on this loan at inception is . For early repayment, we are required to pay a prorated early repayment fee. In the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, this loan is reflected in Cash inflows related to current financial liabilities . Due to the short maturity, the carrying value approximates the fair value. 
 China Working Capital Loan For working capital flexibility in Qingdao, we have a CNY million million) facility with a local branch of Bank of China with commitment fee. Interest is calculated based on People s Bank of China PBOC loan prime rate LPR plus margin. As of December 31, 2022, we have drawn CNY million million) as a term-loan. There were no drawings in 2021. The 2022 weighted average interest rate was . In the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, this loan is reflected in Cash inflows related to current financial liabilities . Due to the short maturity, the carrying value approximates the fair value. 
 Repurchase Agreement On March 15, 2022, we entered into a repurchase agreement to sell European Emission Allowance EUA certificates. Under the agreement, we sold thousand EUA certificates for million cash to a counterparty. The same counterparty has an obligation to resell, and we have the obligation to purchase, the same or substantially the same EUA certificates on January 27, 2023 for million. 
 In January 2023, we resold thousand EUA certificates for million cash to a counterparty. The same counterparty is obligated to resell, and we have the obligation to purchase, the same or substantially the same EUA certificates on April 5, 2023 for million. 
 The difference between the consideration received and the amount of consideration to be paid is recognized as interest expense. 
 At December 31, 2022, the amount outstanding was million. Due to the short maturity, the carrying value approximates the fair value. 
 Accounts Receivable Factoring Facilities During the fourth quarter of 2022, for sale of certain Accounts receivable, we entered into an agreement with third-party financial institutions. No sales were made during 2022. We have concluded that there would generally be no risk of loss to us from non-payment of the sold receivables. 
 55 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total 
 Covenant Compliance 
 The Credit Agreement contains certain non-financial covenants that, among other things, limit the Company s ability and the ability of certain of its subsidiaries to (i) incur additional debt, (ii) pay dividends, repurchase shares or make certain other restricted payments or investments, (iii) incur liens, (iv) sell assets, (v) to pay dividends or to make other payments to the Company, (vi) enter into affiliate transactions, (vii) engage in sale and leaseback transactions, and (viii) consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the Company s assets. These covenants are subject to significant exceptions and qualifications. 
 In addition, there is one financial covenant under the Credit Agreement, the First Lien Leverage Ratio FLLR ), defined as Consolidated First Lien Debt divided by Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the trailing twelve months TTM ). The FLLR is not permitted to exceed x TTM EBITDA and is tested each quarter RCF utilization exceeds , as defined in the Credit Agreement (the Covenant Trigger ). Notably, not all debt counts toward RCF utilization for purposes of calculating the Covenant Trigger, namely, term debt, debt drawn under ancillary credit facility lines and debt drawn under any uncommitted local credit lines are excluded. FLLR, Consolidated First Lien Debt and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we are in compliance with our debt covenants. 
 
 Note K. 
 million cross-currency swap to hedge interest rate risk on current USD-denominated term loan financing which replaced the USD-denominated Caps terminated on May 14, 2018. In December 2020, the Company unwound million of the million cross currency swap maturing in 2024 at a realized loss of approximately million. In a separate transaction occurring in December 2020, the Company unwound a million swap maturing in 2021 at a realized loss of approximately million. 
 We designated the Euro-denominated interest rate swap at closing in November 2017 and the cross-currency swaps at closing in May 2018 in the same manner as an accounting hedge. We performed a hedge effectiveness test based on the critical terms match method (prospectively) and the dollar offset test (retrospectively). 
 In September 2021, the Company restructured its previously existing cross-currency swaps in the amount of million, to align them with the new U.S. dollar denominated term loan credit facility. Specifically for changes in the loan interest margin of (formerly and the three-month USD-LIBOR floor of (formerly ). The cross-currency swap became effective on September 30, 2021 and will expire on September 30, 2028, in line with the maturity of the term loan. This cross-currency swap was determined to be highly effective, continues to qualify for hedge accounting and was cost-neutral. 
 56 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Other financial assets (non-current) Interest rate swaps Other financial assets (non-current) Total Liabilities Derivatives designated as hedges: Cross currency swaps Other liabilities (non-current) Interest rate swaps Other liabilities (non-current) Total 
 All financial instruments in the table above are classified as Level 2. We present the gross assets and liabilities of our derivative financial instruments on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 For financial assets and liabilities that are recognized in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Company determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorization at the end of each reporting period. There were no transfers of assets measured at fair value between Level 1 and Level 2, and there were no Level 3 investments during fiscal 2022 and 2021. 
 Our cross currency swaps designated as a cash flow hedge of principal and interest payments related to our Term Loan matures in September 2028. 
 BOC Term-loan Total 
 Term-Loan and BOC Term-loan in the table above are classified as Level 2. 
 At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair values of Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, Accounts receivable, net, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and short term borrowings approximated their carrying values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 
 57 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Interest and other financial expense, net Interest rate swaps Interest and other financial expense, net Total 
 Effect of Financial Instruments Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in AOCI Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI to Income Additional Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income Income Statement Classification (In millions) Derivatives designated as hedges: Cross currency swaps ) Interest and other financial expense, net Interest rate swaps Interest and other financial expense, net Total ) 
 Effect of Financial Instruments Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in AOCI Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI to Income Additional Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income Income Statement Classification (In millions) Derivatives designated as hedges: Cross currency swaps ) ) Interest and other financial expense, net Interest rate swaps ) Interest and other financial expense, net Total ) ) 
 The amount recognized in AOCI related to cash flow hedges that will be reclassified to the Consolidated Statement of Operations in the next twelve months is approximately million. 
 
 Note L. 
 and in 2022 and 2021, respectively, of provisions for projected defined benefit pension plan obligations. Effective at the end of 2013, all defined benefit plans in Germany were modified to close access to new participants and freeze benefits accrued under these plans at December 31, 2013 levels. Interest expense on the frozen obligation relating to these plans will continue to accrue. 
 We have defined contribution plans in Germany and the U.S. Most employees are eligible to participate by contributing a portion of their compensation. We make employer contributions, such as matching contributions, to certain of these plans. 
 In South Korea, the Company s pension plan provides, at the option of employees for either projected benefit or defined contribution benefits. Plan assets relating to this plan reduce the pension provision disclosed. 
 58 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Actuarial (gain)/ loss ) ) Service cost Interest cost Benefits paid ) ) Curtailments, settlements, special and contractual termination benefits ) ) Currency translation ) ) Present value of projected benefit obligation at the end of the year 
 Based on the weighted Macaulay method the projected benefit obligation has a duration of years years in 2021 ). 
 Actual return on plan assets Employer contributions Settlement ) ) Currency translation ) ) Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year 
 The plan assets are held by Orion Engineered Carbons Co. Ltd. Korea, Bupyeong-gu, South Korea, and relate to qualifying insurance policies. These insurance policies do not have a quoted market price. The actual return on plan assets amounted to million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Less: Fair value of plan assets 
 Net unfunded status 
 Current liabilities Non-current liabilities Net liability recognized - pension plans 
 59 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets Rate of compensation/salary increase Future pension increase Mortality Heubeck 2018G Heubeck 2018G 
 Mortality is based on Heubeck guidelines, the generally accepted biometric calculation bases for the balance sheet valuation of pension obligations in Germany. A increase or decrease in the discount rate or in the future pension increase would have impacted the projected benefit obligation as follows: 
 Sensitivities December 31, 2022 Discount rate Future pension increase 0.5 decrease 0.5 increase 0.5 decrease 0.5 increase (In millions) Impact on projected benefit obligation ) ) 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Net periodic pension cost 
 The total expected defined benefit pension contribution amounts to million in 2023. 
 The Company paid million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for state defined contribution pension schemes (statutory pension insurance) in Germany and other countries. This amount is recognized as personnel expenses in cost of sales and in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Estimated Future Benefit Payments 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 - 2032 
 We do not anticipate making funding contributions to the Pension Plan in 2023. 
 60 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ) Net prior service cost Balance in accumulated other comprehensive (income) / loss 
 ) )) Prior service cost (credit) Net amount recognized ) 
 Plan Assets 
 Total pension plan assets 
 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Note M. 
 to a specified maximum percentage of a participant s target award based on the achievement of applicable performance metrics, and are subject to vesting terms based on continued employment. 
 Certain PSU awards are based on the relative Total Shareholder Return TSR ). TSR is an objective calculation that takes into account our TSR rank within our peer group and whether our specific TSR is positive or negative. The fair value of PSUs is estimated on the grant date using a Monte-Carlo simulation. 
 Under the LTIP plans, the PSU vesting period is with cliff vesting occurring on December 31 of the second full year subsequent to the date of the grant. For example, if a PSU grant was issued in June 2020, the PSUs would fully vest on December 31, 2022 with no ratable vesting during the vesting period. 
 Restricted Stock Units RSUs entitle the recipient to be paid out an equal number of common stocks upon vesting. The RSUs vesting period is ratably over starting on January 1 in the year of the grant. For example, the employee would earn one third of the RSU on December 31 starting in the year of the grant and the remaining two thirds each December 31 for 2 years immediately subsequent to the year of the grant. 
 In certain instances, we issue RSU as sign-on incentives and one-time grants for employees. These RSUs vest ratably over a period, and vesting occurs on the anniversary of the grant. 
 61 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 RS are currently outstanding. The RS vest and become non-forfeitable on the first anniversary of the grant date. 
 Performance-based Restricted Stock Units 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 During 2021 and 2020 we granted and performance-based units, respectively, with a per unit weighted-average grant-date fair value of and , respectively. 
 The 2020 PSU awards based on relative TSR expired as the performance conditions were not met. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020 weighted average RSU grant-date fair value was , and , respectively. Total grant date fair value of RSU s were approximately million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Total fair value of RSU vested was approximately million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had unrecognized compensation cost of million, based on the target amounts, related to unvested PSU, RSU and RS, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 During 2022, 2021 and 2020 fiscal years, we recognized compensation expenses of million, million and million, respectively, in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 62 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note N.) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Income tax effects before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Income tax effects on reclassifications ) ) Currency translation AOCI ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) Income tax effects before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Income tax effects on reclassifications ) ) Currency translation AOCI Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) Income tax effects ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI Income tax effects ) ) Currency translation AOCI Balance at December 31,2022 ) ) 
 In prior years, the amounts recorded in AOCI exceeding of the defined benefit obligation are recorded ratably as reclassification of actuarial losses over the current year through profit and loss separately from income from operations and amounted to million and million for the years end December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We were not outside of the corridor for 2022. 
 
 Note O. 
 Weighted average number of ordinary shares Basic EPS Dilutive effect of share-based payments Weighted average number of diluted ordinary shares Diluted EPS 
 
 Note P. 
 
 63 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Foreign Total Deferred Domestic (1) 
 ) ) Foreign ) ) Total ) Provision for income taxes 
 (1) Domestic refers to Germany. 
 Foreign Income before income taxes 
 (1) Domestic refers to Germany. 
 A statutory corporate income tax rate of was used to calculate the current and deferred taxes for the German entities. A solidarity surcharge of and a trade tax rate of , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were also reflected in the calculation. As a result, the overall statutory income tax rate for the German entities was , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The current and deferred taxes for the non-German entities were calculated using their respective country-specific tax rates. 
 Our effective income tax rate fluctuates based on, among other factors, changes in pre-tax income in countries with varying statutory tax rates, changes in valuation allowances, the amount of tax-free income, and impact of non-deductible expenses. 
 64 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 as calculated for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In millions) Income before income taxes Expected income tax thereon Tax rate differences ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) Change in the tax rate and tax laws ) Income taxes for prior years Non-deductible interest expenses Non-deductible expenses, and non-deductible taxes Effects of changes in permanent differences Tax effect on tax-free income ) ) ) Other tax effects ) ) Income tax expense Effective tax rate 
 The increase in the effective tax rate was mainly due to an increase of non-deductible business and interest expenses. Those were partially offset by the effects of earnings in various countries with lower statutory tax rates, and tax-free income. 
 Deferred compensation Liabilities including leases liabilities Loss carryforwards Interest carryforwards Tax credits Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax asset valuation allowances ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred Tax Liabilities Intangible assets Property, plant and equipment including right of use assets Financial assets Inventories Receivables, other assets Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax assets / (liabilities) ) ) 
 65 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax asset / (liability) positions ) ) 
 As of each reporting date, management considers the weight of all evidence, both positive and negative, to determine if a valuation allowance is necessary for each jurisdiction's deferred tax assets. We place greater weight on historical evidence over future projections of our ability to utilize deferred tax assets. We consider future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences, and taxable income in prior carryback year(s) if carryback is permitted under applicable law, as well as available prudent and feasible tax planning strategies that would, if necessary, be implemented to ensure realization of the net deferred tax assets. The following table presents a summary of our valuation allowance positions: 
 Additions for Tax Credits Additions for Loss carryforwards Additions for Interest carryforwards Additions Other Reduction for Tax Credits ) ) Reduction for Loss carryforwards ) Reductions for Interest carryforwards ) As of December 31, 
 2030 and thereafter Indefinite carryforwards Total 
 We continue to make an assertion to indefinitely reinvest the unrepatriated earnings of most of our foreign subsidiaries that would incur incremental tax consequences upon the distribution of such earnings. As of December 31, 2022, we did not provide for deferred taxes on earnings of most of our foreign subsidiaries that are indefinitely reinvested. If we were to make a distribution from the unremitted earnings of these subsidiaries, we could be subject to taxes in various jurisdictions. However, it is not practical to estimate the amount of tax that could ultimately be due if such earnings were remitted. If our expectations were to change regarding future tax consequences, we may be required to record additional deferred taxes that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. Deferred tax liabilities amounting to million, (2021: million, 2020: million) were recognized for certain subsidiaries for which we are not indefinitely reinvested, and a dividend distribution is expected in the future. 
 
 66 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million, million and million relating to uncertain tax positions were unrecognized as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The following table presents a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of unrecognized tax benefits: 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior year Reductions of tax positions of prior year ) ) Balance at end of the year 
 We recognize interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. Income tax expense includes a benefit of interest and penalties of million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, and an expense of interest and penalties totaling million in 2020. We had accrued million, million and million for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The majority of the unrecognized tax benefits for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively would affect our effective income tax rate. 
 Orion and certain subsidiaries are under audit in several jurisdictions, and in particular in Germany, for periods 2011-2017. It is reasonably possible that our existing liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits may increase or decrease, primarily due to the progression of open audits and the expiration of statutes of limitation, during the next twelve months. We cannot reasonably estimate a range of potential changes in our existing liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits due to various uncertainties, such as the unresolved nature of various audits. 

Note Q. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2027 and thereafter Total 
 Restructuring In 2016, the Company ceased operations at its plant in Ambes, France as part of the restructuring of its Rubber business segment. Expenses related to the closing include personnel costs, demolition, removal costs and remediation costs. Total estimated and recognized costs and total costs remaining as of December 31, 2022 are million and million, respectively. Orion's reserves for restructuring of its Rubber segment in 2022 are reflected in Accrued liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Orion has accrued liabilities for personnel expenses of million and million, and ground remediation costs of million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 
 In the periods ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, restructuring expense, net including Ambes, amounted to million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Environmental Reserves Our accrued liability for future environmental reserves at our current and former plant sites and other sites totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the fourth quarter of 2021, we recognized an additional reserve of million reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Operations in the Other expense, net. The environmental-related costs are expected to occur over a number of years and are not concentrated in any single year. In our opinion, it is reasonably possible that losses in excess of the liabilities recorded may have been incurred. However, we cannot estimate any amount or range of such possible additional losses. New information about sites, new technology or future developments, such as involvement in investigations by regulatory agencies, could require us to reassess our potential exposure related to environmental matters. 
 67 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The City of H rth argues it has open claims of approximately million and million related to lease payments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Orion is in negotiations with the City of H rth but is prepared to pursue its rights vigorously through legal enforcement if necessary. 
 EPA Action During 2008 and 2009, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA contacted all U.S. carbon black producers as part of an industry-wide EPA initiative, requesting extensive and comprehensive information under Section 114 of the U.S. Clean Air Act. The EPA used that information to determine, for each facility, that either: (i) the facility has been in compliance with the Clean Air Act; (ii) violations have occurred and enforcement litigation may be undertaken; or (iii) violations have occurred and a settlement of an enforcement case is appropriate. In response to information requests received by the Company s U.S. facilities, the Company furnished information to the EPA on each of its U.S. facilities. The EPA subsequently sent notices under Section 113(a) of the Clean Air Act in 2010 alleging violations of Prevention of Significant Deterioration PSD and Title V permitting requirements under the Clean Air Act at the Company s Belpre (Ohio) facility. In October 2012, the Company received a corresponding notice and finding of violation (a NOV alleging the failure to obtain PSD and Title V permits reflecting Best Available Control Technology BACT at several units of the Company s Ivanhoe (Louisiana) facility, and in January 2013, the Company also received an NOV issued by the EPA for its facility in Borger (Texas) alleging the failure to obtain PSD and Title V permits reflecting BACT during the years 1996 to 2008. A comparable NOV for the Company s U.S. facility in Orange (Texas) was issued by the EPA in February 2013, and the EPA issued an additional NOV in March 2016 alleging more recent non-PSD air emissions violations primarily at the dryers and the incinerator of the Orange facility. 
 In 2013, Orion began discussions with the EPA and the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ about a potential settlement to resolve the NOVs received, which ultimately led to a consent decree executed between Orion Engineered Carbons LLC (for purpose of this Note Q. Orion LLC and the United States (on behalf of the EPA), as well as the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality. The consent decree (the EPA CD became effective on June 7, 2018. The EPA CD resolves and settles the EPA s claims of noncompliance set forth in the NOVs described above and in a respective complaint filed in court against Orion LLC by the United States immediately prior to the filing of the consent decree. 
 Under the EPA CD, Orion LLC had to install certain pollution control technology in order to further reduce emissions at its U.S. manufacturing facilities. In line therewith, Orion LLC installed emissions control technology to remove SO 2 , NOx and dust particles from tail gases at its Ivanhoe (Louisiana) facility in 2021 and emissions controls were installed in accordance with the EPA CD at Orion s facility in Orange (Texas) in 2020. In fourth quarter of 2022, Orion LLC reached mechanical completion for the installation of emissions control technology to remove SO 2 , NOx and dust particles from tail gases at its Borger (Texas) facility. The installation of pollution control technology at its fourth and last U.S. manufacturing facility in Belpre (Ohio) has started and is scheduled to complete in 2023, in line with the EPA CD terms. The EPA CD also requires continuous monitoring of emissions reductions that Orion LLC will need to comply with over a number of years. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have spent million of capital expenditures related to the EPA CD of which approximately million was received as an indemnity from Evonik. 
 Pledges and guarantees 
 The Company has pledged the majority of its assets (amongst others shares in affiliates, bank accounts and receivables) within the different regions excluding China as collateral under the Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had guarantees totaling million issued by various financial institutions. 
 
 Note R. 
 operating segments as follows: 
 Rubber Carbon Black Used in the reinforcement of rubber in tires and mechanical rubber goods, and 
 68 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets, right of use assets, and property, plant and equipment Equity in earnings of affiliated companies, net of tax Interest and other financial expense, net Adjusted EBITDA Assets Capital expenditures 2021 Net sales from external customers Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets, right of use assets, and property, plant and equipment Gain related to litigation settlement ) ) Equity in earnings of affiliated companies, net of tax Interest and other financial expense, net Reclassification of actuarial losses from AOCI Adjusted EBITDA Assets Capital expenditures 2020 Net sales from external customers Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets, right of use assets, and property, plant and equipment Equity in earnings of affiliated companies, net of tax Interest and other financial expense, net Reclassification of actuarial losses from AOCI Adjusted EBITDA Assets Capital expenditures 
 69 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Corporate charges Depreciation and amortization of intangible assets, right of use assets, and property, plant and equipment Gain related to litigation settlement ) Equity in earnings of affiliated companies, net of tax Interest and other financial expense, net Reclassification of actuarial losses from AOCI Adjusted EBITDA 
 Long Term Incentive Plan EPA-related expenses Environmental reserve accrual ) Other non-operating 
 United States South Korea Brazil China South Africa Other Rest of Europe (1) 
 Total 
 (1) Only a holding company is located in Luxembourg; no revenue is generated in the country of domicile. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, two customers accounted for 10 or more revenue in the Rubber segment aggregating to approximately million in combined sales. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, one customer accounted for 10 or more revenue in the Rubber segment totaling approximately million and million, respectively. 
 Specialty segment 
 70 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Sweden Italy Poland Rest of Europe Subtotal Europe United States South Korea South Africa Brazil China Other Total 
 (1) Long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment, net and right-of-use assets, net. 
 
 Note S. 
 joint venture that is accounted for using the equity method, Deutsche Ga ru werke (DGW). 
 Related parties include key management personnel having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and monitoring the activities of the Company directly or indirectly and their close family members. 
 In the normal course of business Orion from time to time receives services from, or sells products to, related unconsolidated parties, in transactions that are either not material or approved in accordance with our Related Party Transaction Approval Policy. 
 Trade payables 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In millions) Purchases Sales and services 
 
 71 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and the CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that material information that is required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). The Company s internal control over financial reporting was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements or omissions. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management conducted its assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that assessment and discussion with the Company's Audit Committee, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 Audit Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young, has issued an audit report on management s internal control over financial reporting which appears below. 
 Changes in Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 72 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Houston, TX 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 73 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The Directors and certain Governance information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Proxy Statement and is herein incorporated by reference. 
 Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning our executive officers: 
 Name 
 Age 
 Title 
 Corning F. Painter 60 Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Glajch 60 Chief Financial Officer Sandra Niewiem 46 Senior Vice President, Global Specialty Carbon Black and EMEA Region Pedro Riveros 52 Senior Vice President, Global Rubber Carbon Black and Americas Region Carlos J. Quinones 
 58 Senior Vice President, Global Operations 
 
 Corning F. Painter Mr. Painter became the CEO of Orion Engineered Carbons in September 2018. He is responsible for setting strategy and policy, developing leadership talent, meeting customer and shareholder commitments, and setting Company culture. Prior to joining Orion, he was the Executive Vice President for Industrial Gases at Air Products and Chemicals, a global industrial gas company from 2014 until he left the company in 2018. Prior to that he was Senior Vice Present of the Merchant Gases division of Air Products from 2013 to 2014. Mr. Painter joined Air Products in 1984 as a participant in a career development program and held various positions including Vice President, Global Electronics, Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Technology, and Senior Vice President Supply Chain (operations, engineering, procurement, safety). He was based overseas in Asia and Europe for ten years. Mr. Painter has served on numerous non-profit boards. He holds a B.S. in chemical engineering degree from Carnegie-Mellon University and is a Certified Professional Engineer. 
 Jeffrey Glajch Mr. Glajch joined Orion on April 18, 2022 as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Glajch has over 30 years of experience leading corporate finance and accounting control functions for both public and private companies. Prior to joining Orion, he served as CFO for 13 years for Graham Corporation, a leading designer and manufacturer of vacuum and heat transfer equipment for energy markets and process industries. Prior to Graham Corporation, he held senior financial roles at a number of companies. Mr. Glajch has also served on numerous non-profit boards. He holds an MBA from Purdue University, a master s degree in chemical engineering from Clarkson University and a bachelor s degree in chemistry from Carnegie-Mellon University. 
 Sandra Niewiem Dr. Niewiem was appointed Senior Vice President Global Specialty Carbon Black and EMEA Region in September 2019. She joined Orion in December 2013 and previously held the position of Vice President Global Product Management and Business Development Specialty Carbon Black. She has over 19 years of experience in process industries, engineering and industrial goods, and more than 13 years in management consulting at a global consulting firm. Dr. Niewiem holds an Economics Doctorate from European Business School and a Master s in business administration from James Madison University, Virginia. 
 Pedro Riveros Mr. Riveros joined Orion Engineered Carbons in the current role in June 2019. Immediately prior to Orion, he served in multiple business leadership roles at Air Products from 1994 to 2019 where his key areas of expertise included Business Strategy, Margin Enhancement, Productivity and Supply Chain Management. He has 25 years of experience in varied general management and business management roles in the industrial gas and chemicals area both in North and South America. Mr. Riveros holds a Bachelor s degree in mechanical engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, New York. 
 Carlos Quinones Mr. Quinones joined Engineered Orion Carbons in the current role in June 2019. Immediately prior to joining Orion, he held multiple Operations leadership positions at Air Products from 2015 to 2019. Prior to Air Products, Mr. Quinones held positions of increasing leadership responsibilities in the chemical industry experience with Praxair, Rohm and Haas/Dow Chemical, and Arco Chemical. Mr. Quinones holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Texas A M University. 
 Code of Conduct/Code of Ethics 
 Orion has adopted a Code of Conduct that applies to all Company employees and directors, including the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, senior management, the Controller and other senior financial officers. The Code of Conduct is posted on our website, www.orioncarbons.com (under Legal then Compliance Policies section). In addition, the Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. The Code of Ethics is posted on our website, www.orioncarbons.com (under Investors then Governance section). We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement regarding any amendment to, or waiver of, a provision of the Code of Conduct and Code of Ethics applicable to the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, senior management, the Controller or other senior financial officers by posting such information on our website. 
 74 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item will be included in our proxy statement for the Company s 2023 annual meeting of stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners of our common stock and information relating to the security ownership of our management required by this item will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 75 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Financial Statements. 
 See Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 (b) Schedules. 
 The Schedules have been omitted since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Form 10-K. 
 (c) Exhibits. (Certain exhibits not included in copies of the Form 10-K sent to stockholders.) 
 The exhibit numbers in the Exhibit Index correspond to the numbers assigned to such exhibits in the Exhibit Table of Item 601 of Regulation S-K. Orion will furnish to any stockholder, upon written request, any exhibit listed in the Exhibit Index, upon payment by such stockholder of the Company s reasonable expenses in furnishing such exhibit. 
 
 Item 16. 10-K Summary 
 None applicable. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 3.1 Articles of Association of Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 6-K furnished on April 16, 2019 (File No. 001-36563) 
 4.1 Form of Specimen of Common Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form F-1 filed on July 14, 2014 (File No. 333-196593)) 
 4.2 Description of Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. s Common Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(b) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed on February 20, 2020 
 10.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of July 25, 2014, among the Company, Orion Engineered Carbons Holdings GmbH, Orion Engineered Carbons Bondco GmbH, Orion Engineered Carbons GmbH, OEC Finance US LLC, the revolving borrowers named therein, the guarantors named on the signature page thereto, the lenders named therein, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 6-K furnished on July 31, 2014 (File No. 001-36563) 
 10.2 First Amendment, dated as of August 7, 2014, to the Credit Agreement, by and among Orion Engineered Carbons S.A., Orion Engineered Carbons Holdings GmbH, Orion Engineered Carbons BondCo GmbH, Orion Engineered Carbons GmbH, OEC Finance US LLC, the Revolving Borrowers named therein, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders 
 10.3 Second Amendment, dated as of September 29, 2016, to the Credit Agreement, by and among Orion Engineered Carbons S.A., Orion Engineered Carbons Holdings GmbH, Orion Engineered Carbons BondCo GmbH, Orion Engineered Carbons GmbH, OEC Finance US LLC, the Revolving Borrowers named therein, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Assuming Lender with respect to the Initial Dollar Term Loans and Initial Euro Term Loans 
 10.4 Third Amendment, dated as of May 5, 2017, to the Credit Agreement, by and among Orion Engineered Carbons S.A., Orion Engineered Carbons Holdings GmbH, Orion Engineered Carbons BondCo GmbH, Orion Engineered Carbons GmbH, OEC Finance US LLC, the Revolving Borrowers named therein, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as Assuming Lender with respect to the Initial Dollar Term Loans and Initial Euro Term Loans 
 10.5 Fourth Amendment, dated as of May 31, 2017, to the Credit Agreement, by and among Orion Engineered Carbons S.A., Orion Engineered Carbons Holdings GmbH, Orion Engineered Carbons BondCo GmbH, Orion Engineered Carbons GmbH, OEC Finance US LLC, the Revolving Borrowers named therein, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders, and UniCredit Bank AG, as arranger with respect to the Amendment (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 6-K furnished on July 25, 2017 (File No. 001-36563)) 
 
 76 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 10.6 Fifth Amendment, dated as of November 2, 2017, to the Credit Agreement, by and among Orion Engineered Carbons S.A., Orion Engineered Carbons Holdings GmbH, Orion Engineered Carbons BondCo GmbH, Orion Engineered Carbons GmbH, OEC Finance US LLC, the Revolving Borrowers named therein, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent for the Lenders. 
 10.7 Sixth Amendment, dated as of May 3, 2018, to the Credit Agreement, by and among Orion Engineered Carbons S.A., Orion Engineered Carbons Holdings GmbH, Orion Engineered Carbons BondCo GmbH, Orion Engineered Carbons GmbH, OEC Finance US LLC, the Revolving Borrowers named therein, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent for the Lenders. 
 10.8 Seventh Amendment, dated as of October 29, 2018, to the Credit Agreement, by and among Orion Engineered Carbons S.A., Orion Engineered Carbons Holdings GmbH, Orion Engineered Carbons BondCo GmbH, Orion Engineered Carbons GmbH, OEC Finance US LLC, the Revolving Borrowers named therein, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent for the Lenders. 
 10.9 Eighth Amendment, dated as of April 2, 2019, to the Credit Agreement, by and among Orion Engineered Carbons S.A., Orion Engineered Carbons Holdings GmbH, Orion Engineered Carbons BondCo GmbH, Orion Engineered Carbons GmbH, OEC Finance US LLC, the Revolving Borrowers named therein, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as administrative agent for the Lenders. 
 10.10 Ninth Amendment, dated as of September 30, 2021, by and among Orion Engineered Carbons GmbH, a limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschr nkter Haftung) organized under the laws of Germany, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the New Term Lenders party thereto, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders, Goldman Sachs Bank USA as sole book runner and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., ING Bank, a branch of ING-DiBa AG and UniCredit Bank AG in their capacities as exclusive mandated lead arrangers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2021). 
 10.11 Tenth Amendment, dated as of May 26, 2022, by and among Orion Engineered Carbons GmbH, a limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschr nkter Haftung) organized under the laws of Germany, the other Loan Parties party hereto, each Lender party hereto, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders and UniCredit Bank AG in its capacity as exclusive coordinator, bookrunner and mandated lead arranger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 4, 2022). 
 10.12+ Fixed Asset Loan Agreement, dated March 16, 2022, by and between Orion Engineered Carbons (Huaibei) Co., Ltd. and Bank of China Limited Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone Sub-Branch 
 10.13 Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on August 5, 2014) 
 10.14 Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. 2014 Non-Employee Director Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on August 5, 2014) 
 10.15 Employment Agreement, dated as of September 2, 2018, by and between Corning Painter and Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2020). 
 10.16 Restrictive Covenants Agreement, dated as of September 2, 2018, by and between Corning Painter and Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2020). 
 10.17 Restricted Stock Unit Award (sign-on grant), dated as of November 4, 2019, by and between Corning Painter and Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2020). 
 10.18 Form of PSU Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2020). 
 10.19 Form of RSU Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2020). 
 10.20 Form of Director Restricted Share Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 8 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 7, 2020). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP 
 23.2 Consent of Ernst Young GmbH Wirtschaftspr fungsgesellschaft 
 
 77 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 31.1 Certification by Corning F. Painter pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 31.2 Certification by Jeffrey Glajch pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 32.1 Certification by Corning F. Painter pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification by Jeffrey Glajch pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 XBRL 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) + Certain confidential information identified by bracketed asterisks [ ] has been omitted from this exhibit pursuant to Item 601 (b)(10) of Regulation S-K because it is both (i) not material and (ii) the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential Management compensatory arrangement 
 
 78 

Orion Engineered Carbons S.A 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 ORION ENGINEERED CARBONS S.A. February 23, 2023 
 By /s/ Corning F. Painter Name: Corning F. Painter Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Corning F. Painter Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Corning F. Painter February 23, 2023 
 /s/ Jeffrey Glajch Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Jeffrey Glajch February 23, 2023 
 /s/ Kerry A. Galvin Director Kerry A. Galvin February 23, 2023 
 /s/ Paul Huck Director Paul Huck February 23, 2023 
 /s/ Mary Lindsey Director Mary Lindsey February 23, 2023 
 /s/ Didier Miraton Director Didier Miraton February 23, 2023 
 /s/ Yi Hyon Paik Director Yi Hyon Paik February 23, 2023 
 /s/ Dan F. Smith Director Dan F. Smith February 23, 2023 
 /s/ Hans Dietrich Winkhaus Director Hans Dietrich Winkhaus February 23, 2023 
 /s/ Michel Wurth Director Michel Wurth February 23, 2023 
 /s/ Anthony L. Davis Director Anthony L. Davis February 23, 2023 

79 

<EX-10.12>
 2
 a2023-02x23ex1012fixedasse.htm
 EX-10.12

Document 
 IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITEM 6.01(b)(10) OF REGULATION S-K, 
 CERTAIN PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL ITEMS HAS BEEN REDACTED 
 FROM THE FILED COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT 

 Exhibit 10.12 
 
 Fixed Assets Loan Agreement 
 (Applicable to the newly signed loan contract related to CNY interest rate, the non-USD GBP EUR JPY Swiss Franc foreign currency interest rate and the new USD GBP EUR JPY Swiss Franc new benchmark rate) 
 No. 2022 Free Trade Company Loan Zi No.502 
 Borrower Orion Engineered Carbons (Huaibei) Co., Ltd. 
 Unified Social Credit Code 
 Legal Representative Person In-Charge 
 Address No.8 Linbai Road, Base of New Synthetic Materials in Coal Chemical Industry, Huaibei City, Anhui Province 
 Postcode 235099 
 Financial Institution of account and Account Number Bank of China Branch 
 Lender Bank of China Limited Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone Sub-Branch Legal Representative Person In-Charge 
 Address Room 1605, Building 2, No. 58 Yaoyuan Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai 
 Postcode 200126 Tel Fax 
 The Borrower and the Lender have reached an agreement with respect to the matter that the Lender issues a fixed asset loan facility to the Borrower, and this Agreement is hereby concluded by both parties, through consultation on the basis of equality. 
 Article 1 Amount of the Loan 
 Currency CNY 
 Amount of the Loan In words Five Hundred Million 
 In numbers 500,000,000.00 
 Article 2 Tenor of the Loan 
 Tenor of the Loan ____ 94 months _____ ___days, commencing from the actual drawdown date. If the Borrower withdraws the loan in several installments, the tenor of the loan shall commence from the date of the first drawdown. 
 The Borrower is obliged to withdraw the loan on the agreed drawdown date. If the actual drawdown date is later than the agreed drawdown date, the Borrower is still obliged to repay the loan on the agreed repayment date. 
 Article 3 Purpose of the Loan 
 Purpose of the Loan Construction of Carbon Black Project . 
 In the absence of the written consent of the Lender, the Borrower shall not alter the purpose of the loan. The Borrower shall not apply the loan facility towards the matters, including but not limited to investment inequity or other securities, any projects that the access to which is prohibited by laws, regulations, regulatory provisions or the State policies, any projects without proper approvals, on-lending or purchase of other financial products for arbitrage, illegally increasing the hidden debts of local government, or any projects and purposes which are prohibited from investing through bank loans. 
 Article 4 Interest Rate for the Loan and Calculation of Interest 
 The Lender expresses the annualized interest rate of the loan to the Borrower through the annualized interest rate notification letter attached to this Agreement. If the annualized interest rate of the loan under this 

D-01 Fixed Assets Loan Agreement Applicable to single transaction, class A and class B single fixed asset loan business (Newly singed domestic loan contracts with CNY interest rate, non-USD GBP EUR JPY Swiss Franc new benchmark interest rate 

 Agreement is only calculated according to the loan interest rate expressed in paragraph 1 of this article, the above annualized interest rate notification letter shall not apply. 
 1. Interest Rate 
 The loan interest rate (annualized interest rate, simple interest for CNY loan, simple interest rate combination of simple and compound interest rate for foreign currency loans (choose one)) shall be Item (1) 
 (1) Fixed interest rate the annual interest rate shall be ____ 4.5 ____ . The interest rate is fixed throughout the period of tenor of this Agreement. 
 The source of fixed interest rate for CNY loans is As of one business day before the effective date of this Agreement, 1 year 5 years or more (choose one) loan market quoted interest rate most recently released by the National Inter-bank Funding Center plus minus (choose one) 10 basis point 
 The sources of fixed interest rate for foreign currency loans are 
 A. The benchmark interest rate applicable to the effective date of this Agreement (T day) plus basis point. The benchmark interest rate shall be the T-3 business days interest rate displayed on the page of Bloomberg Financial Telegram Terminal or obtained from Reuters Information System for (term) JPY TIBOR EUR EURIBOR corresponding to the currency of the loan hereunder. If the benchmark interest rate for any foreign currency is negative, the benchmark interest rate for such foreign currency shall be zero . For the purpose of this paragraph, business day refers to a business day at the locality of the administrative authority of pricing benchmark for the corresponding currency. 
 B. The benchmark interest rate applicable to the effective date of this Agreement (T day, if the effective date of this Agreement is not a business day, the nearest business day before it shall be T day) plus basis point. The benchmark interest rate shall be the interest rate of USD overnight SOFR GBP overnight SONIA YEN overnight TONA EUR overnight ESTR SWISS FRANC overnight SARON T-5 business days corresponding to the currency of the agreed loan hereunder as displayed on the page of Bloomberg Financial Telegram Terminal. If the benchmark interest rate for any foreign currency is negative, the benchmark interest rate for such foreign currency shall be zero . For the purpose of this paragraph, business day refers to a business day at the locality of the administrative authority of pricing benchmark for the corresponding currency. Note This clause applies to the overnight rate 
 C. The latest (benchmark interest rate for foreign currency) of month most recently obtained from the Reuters Information System before 9 00 a.m. (Beijing Time) a business day before the effective date of this Agreement plus basis point. If the benchmark interest rate for any foreign currency is negative, the benchmark interest rate for such foreign currency shall be zero. Note This clause applies to the term interest rate in foreign currencies other than USD, GBP, JPY, EUR, Swiss Franc. 
 (2) Floating interest rate shall be calculated from the actual drawdown date (the date of the first actual drawdown date in case of drawdown by installments), and every day every month every year (choose one) shall be regarded as a floating period and the interest rate shall be reset. The reset day shall be the first day of the next floating period, i.e., the start date falls on the corresponding day of the month when the reset is made. If there is no corresponding in such month, the last day of that month shall be the reset date if the floating period is every day, the reset date shall be the next floating period. 

D-01 Fixed Assets Loan Agreement Applicable to single transaction, class A and class B single fixed asset loan business (Newly singed domestic loan contracts with CNY interest rate, non-USD GBP EUR JPY Swiss Franc new benchmark interest rate 

 With Respect to Each Withdrawal 
 Floating Interest Rate for CNY Loan 
 A. The interest rate of the first installment (from the date of actual withdrawal to the expiry date of this floating period) shall be the quoted interest rate of loan market for 1year more than 5 years (choose one) most recently published by the National Inter-Bank Funding Center as of the business day before the actual withdrawal date plus minus (choose one) _ basis point and 
 B. On the re-pricing date, together with other installments of drawdown, the applicable interest rate for such floating interest period shall be re-priced at the quoted interest rate of loan market for 1year more than 5 years (choose one) as of the business day immediately prior to the re-priced date most recently published by the National Inter-Bank Funding Center plus minus (choose one) _ basis point. 
 Floating Interest Rate for Foreign Currency Loan 
 A. If the term rate is applicable, the interest rate shall be calculated in accordance with the following rules the interest rate of the first term (from the actual drawdown date to the expiration date of this floating period) shall be determined by the margin of the benchmark interest rate applicable on the actual drawdown date (T day) plus _ __ basis point the benchmark interest rate is interest rate of JPY TIBOR EUR EURIBOR ___ _______ T-3 business days corresponding to the currency of the loan hereunder displayed on the page of Bloomberg Financial Telegraphy Terminal or obtained from Reuters Information System. On the reset date (T day), together with other installment drawdown, the applicable interest rate for such floating period shall be determined based on the margin of basis of the interest rate of JPY TIBOR EUR EURIBOR ___ _______ T-3 business day corresponding to the currency of loan hereunder displayed on the page of Bloomberg Financial Telegram Terminal or obtained from Reuters Information System plus base point. The margin shall remain unchanged during the term of this Agreement. If the benchmark interest rate for any foreign currency is negative, the benchmark interest rate for such foreign currency shall be zero . For the purpose of this paragraph, business day refers to a business day at the locality of the administrative authority of pricing benchmark for the corresponding currency. 
 B. If the overnight rate is applicable, the interest rate shall be calculated in accordance with the following rules be determined by the margin of the benchmark interest rate of USD overnight SOFR GBP overnight SONIA YEN overnight TONA EUR overnight ESTR SWISS FRANC overnight SARON __ _ corresponding to the currency of the loan hereunder on each interest accrual day (i.e. each calendar day during the loan term, the same below) plus _ __basis point. Subsequent lenders shall determine the interest rate on each interest accrual day based on the difference between the applicable benchmark interest date and the aforesaid interest margin. The daily pricing base rate for each interest accrual day shall be determined as follows the first interest rate determination date is the actual withdrawal date, and the subsequent interest rate determination date shall be each interest accrual date after the first interest rate determination date. The applicable benchmark interest rate on the determination date of interest rate (T day, or if the interest rate determination date is not a business day, the 

D-01 Fixed Assets Loan Agreement Applicable to single transaction, class A and class B single fixed asset loan business (Newly singed domestic loan contracts with CNY interest rate, non-USD GBP EUR JPY Swiss Franc new benchmark interest rate 

 nearest business day before it is the T day) shall be the rate of US Dollar Overnight SOFR Pound Overnight SONIA Yen Overnight TONA Euro Overnight ESTR Swiss Franc Overnight SARON T-5 Business Days corresponding to the currency of the loan hereunder as displayed on the Bloomberg Financial Telegram Terminal page. The interest margin shall remain unchanged during the term of this Agreement. If the benchmark interest rate for any foreign currency is negative, the benchmark interest rate for such foreign currency shall be zero . For the purpose of this paragraph, business day refers to a business day at the locality of the administrative authority of pricing benchmark for the corresponding currency. 
 C. The interest rate for the initial term (from the actual withdrawal date to the expiration date of the floating period) shall be the (benchmark interest rate for foreign currency) of month obtained from the Reuters Information System before 9 00 (Beijing Time) on the business day before the actual withdrawal date plus __ _ basis point. On the re-pricing date, together with other installments of drawdown, the interest rate applicable to the floating period shall be re-priced based on the latest ___ __ (foreign currency base interest) with the same floating period obtained from the Reuters Information System before 9 00 (Beijing Time) on the business day immediately before the date of re-pricing plus __ _ basis point. If the foreign currency base interest is less than zero, it shall set as zero. Note This clause applies to the term interest rate in foreign currencies other than USD, GBP, JPY, EUR, Swiss Franc. 
 2. Calculation of Interest 
 (1) With respect to the fixed interest rate under Item (1) of Paragraph 1, floating interest rate for CNY loans under Item (2) of Paragraph 1, and floating interest rate for foreign currency loans under Item A and Item C of Paragraph 1 of this Article 
 Interest shall accrue from the actual drawdown date on the basis of the actual drawdown amount and the number of days of the loan. 
 The formula of the calculation of interest is interest the drawdown amount x the actual number of days x daily interest rate. 
 The base for the calculation of daily interest rate is 360 days per year the formula is daily interest rate annual interest rate 360. 
 (2) With respect to the Item B of the floating interest rate for foreign currency loan under Item (2) of Paragraph 1 of this Article 
 Interest shall accrue from the actual drawdown date on the basis of the actual drawdown amount and the number of days of the loan. 
 Simple interest calculation the interest shall be calculated on a simple interest basis for the portion calculated on the pricing basis and for the portion calculated on the interest margin basis. 
 Simple interest calculation combined with compound interest with respect to the portion calculated based on the pricing benchmark, interest of the portion on each business day (loan principal + total interest owed as of the preceding day) interest rate on the benchmark aate applicable to such day the interest shall be calculated based on simple interest method on a non-business day. The interest calculated based on the margin shall be calculated based on simple interest. 
 The base for the calculation of daily interest rate is 360 days a year. Conversion formula daily interest rate annual interest rate 360. 

D-01 Fixed Assets Loan Agreement Applicable to single transaction, class A and class B single fixed asset loan business (Newly singed domestic loan contracts with CNY interest rate, non-USD GBP EUR JPY Swiss Franc new benchmark interest rate 

 The aforesaid business day refers to a business day at the locality of the administrative authority of pricing benchmark for the corresponding currency. 
 3. Payment of Interest 
 The Borrower shall pay the accrued interest by means of 1 
 (1) Quarterly Payment The date of calculation of interest and the date of interest payment shall be the 20th and 21st of the last month of each quarter respectively or 
 (2) Monthly Payment The date of calculation of interest and the date of interest payment shall be the 20th and 21st of each month respectively. 
 If the last principal repayment day does not fall on an interest payment day, the last principal repayment day shall be regarded as an interest payment day the Borrower shall pay the entire accrued interest. 
 4. Penalty Interest 
 (1) For the overdue or failure to use the loan for the purpose specified in this Agreement, from the date of overdue or misappropriation, the penalty interest will be calculated and collected at the penalty interest rate agreed in this section from the date of overdue or misappropriation, until the principal and interest are paid off. 
 For loans that are both overdue and misappropriated, the penalty interest will be calculated and collected at a higher penalty interest rate. 
 (2) For the interest and penalty interest that the borrower cannot pay on time, compound interest shall be calculated and collected according to the interest settlement method agreed in paragraph 3 of this article and at the penalty interest rate agreed in this article 
 (3) Penalty interest rate Note please fill in the blanks based on the currency of the loan and the method for determining interest rate. 
 Penalty interest rate for CNY loan 
 Penalty interest rate for fixed-rate loans 
 A. Floating interest rate, the floating period is month 1 year (Instructions For fixed-rate loans with a loan period of less than one year (inclusive), the floating period shall be the original loan period for fixed-rate loans with a period of more than one year, the floating period shall be one year). From the date of overdue or misappropriation, the price will be re-priced every floating cycle. The re-pricing date is the corresponding date of the overdue or misappropriation date in the re-pricing month. If there is no corresponding date in the current month, the last day of the month is the re-pricing date. 
 B. The penalty interest rate for overdue loans is 50 plus the penalty interest base rate, and the penalty interest rate for misappropriated loans is 100 plus the penalty interest base rate. 
 C. During the first floating period, the penalty interest base interest rate is the borrowing interest rate agreed in paragraph 1 of this article. After each full floating period, the base interest rate for the next floating period shall be determined in accordance with the quoted interest rate in the loan market of 1 year 5 years or more (choose one) most recently released by the National Interbank Funding Center as of one business day before the re-pricing day plus minus (choose one) 10 base point. 
 Penalty interest rate for floating rate loans 
 A. From the date of overdue or misappropriation, it floats according to the floating period agreed in paragraph 1 of this article. The penalty interest re-pricing date shall be the corresponding day of the overdue or misappropriation date in the re-pricing month. If there is no corresponding date in the current month, the last day of the month shall be the penalty interest re-pricing date. 

D-01 Fixed Assets Loan Agreement Applicable to single transaction, class A and class B single fixed asset loan business (Newly singed domestic loan contracts with CNY interest rate, non-USD GBP EUR JPY Swiss Franc new benchmark interest rate 

 B. The penalty interest rate for overdue loans shall be the base penalty interest rate determined in Item C of this Paragraph plus , and the penalty interest rate for misappropriation shall be the base penalty interest rate determined in Item C of this Paragraph plus . 
 C. The penalty interest base interest rate in the first floating period is the overdue or misappropriated loan interest rate actually implemented in the current period. After each full floating period, the penalty interest base interest rate for the next floating period shall be re-priced on the re-pricing date in accordance with the method agreed in Paragraph 1 of this Article. 
 Penalty interest rate for foreign currency loans 
 Penalty interest rate for fixed-rate loans 
 The penalty interest rate of the overdue loan shall be the interest rate determined in accordance with Item (1) of Paragraph 1 of this Article plus base points. The penalty interest rate of the misappropriation loan shall be the interest rate determined in accordance with Item (1) of Paragraph 1of this Article plus base points. 
 Penalty interest rate for floating rate loans 
 A. The floating period and re-pricing date of the penalty interest rate shall be determined in accordance with Item (2) of Paragraph 1 of this Article the base penalty interest rate for the first floating period shall be the loan interest rate actually applied during the period of overdue or misappropriation. The base penalty interest rate for the next floating period after the expiration of a floating period shall be reset in accordance with the method stipulated in Item (2) of this Paragraph of this Article on the reset date. 
 B. The penalty interest rate for overdue loans shall be the base penalty interest rate determined in Item A of this Paragraph plus base point, and the penalty interest rate for misappropriation shall be the base penalty interest rate determined in Item A of this Paragraph plus base point. 
 5 Others 
 (1) The loan interest rate and penalty interest rate hereunder are all tax-inclusive interest rates, i.e., the interest rate charged from the Lender to the Borrower has included the VAT payable in accordance with national laws and regulations. 
 (2) In the event of any major change in the pricing benchmark of floating interest rate hereunder, market rules in force at that time shall apply. If the Lender requires the Borrower to sign a supplementary contract on relevant matters, the Borrower shall cooperate. 
 (3) The term pricing benchmark in this Article shall have the same meaning as the term benchmark interest rate . 
 (4) TIBOR means the TIBOR published and administered by the Japan Bankers Association (or any successor administrator) as regulator, EURIBOR means the EURIBOR published and administered by the European Monetary Market Institute (or any successor administrator) as regulator, Overnight SOFR means the Overnight SOFR published and administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator) as regulator, Overnight SONIA means the Overnight SONIA published and administered by the Bank of England (or any successor administrator) as regulator, Overnight TONA means the Overnight TONA published and administered by the Bank of Japan (or any successor administrator) as regulator, Overnight ESTR means the Overnight ESTR published and administered by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator) as regulator, Overnight SARON means the Overnight SARON published and administered by Swiss Stock Exchange (or any successor administrator), Overnight SARON means the Overnight SARON published and administered by Swiss Stock Exchange (or any successor administrator) as regulator hereunder. 

D-01 Fixed Assets Loan Agreement Applicable to single transaction, class A and class B single fixed asset loan business (Newly singed domestic loan contracts with CNY interest rate, non-USD GBP EUR JPY Swiss Franc new benchmark interest rate 

 Article 5 Drawdown Conditions 
 The Borrower shall not withdraw the loan unless the following conditions have been satisfied 
 1. This Agreement and any documents as attachments hereto have taken effect 
 2. The Borrower has provided the Lender with the relevant documents, instruments, specimen seals, list of the authorised signatories, specimen signatures related to the conclusion and performance with this Agreement and filled in the relevant certificates 
 3. The Borrower has opened any accounts at the request of the Lender, which are used to perform the Borrower s obligations under this Contract 
 4. 5 banking business days before any drawdown, the Borrower has provided the Lender with a drawdown application in writing and any documents evidencing the purpose of the loan, and proceeded with the relevant drawdown procedures 
 The material required to be submitted by the borrower includes 
 The above material shall satisfy the following requirements . 
 5. The Borrower has provided the Lender with the Board resolutions or any other authorised department s approvals for the execution and performance of this Agreement 
 6. The capital fund has been fully paid with the same proportion of the proposed loan, and the actual progress of the project matches the amount already invested 
 7. The Borrower has provided the guarantee as required by the Lender, and the guarantee documents have taken effect and completed the statutory examination and approval, registration or filing procedures by the Borrower. 
 8. Implement the mortgage of the land use right of the land parcel corresponding to the project. 
 9. The capital ratio of the project shall be no less than 22.41 . The capital of 195 million and self-raised fund of 86.18 million shall be in place in proportion to the loan of the Lender, and shall be invested in project construction prior to the loan of the Lender. The loan shall be issued by the Lender on an entrusted payment basis. 
 10. The Borrower and its shareholder shall make a written commitment that, (1) the self-raised fund of 89 million for the working capital shall be in place in time according to the construction progress of the project (2) In case of any shortfall in the project funds, the Borrower and its shareholder shall make up for the shortfall funds or overspending funds to ensure the smooth completion of the project as scheduled (3) during the credit facility extension period of the Lender, the Borrower s equity structure shall be stable, and the Borrower shall not provide any external guarantee, make external investment, distribute dividends, repay the loans borrowed by its affiliate company, transfer the project, pledge its equity, or mortgage or pledge all the interests and assets of the project to any third party. 
 11. Legal provisions and other withdrawal conditions agreed by both parties 
 If the Borrower fails to satisfy any drawdown conditions, the Lender has the right to refuse the Borrower s drawdown applications unless the Lender agrees to advance the loan. 
 Article 6 Drawdown Period and Method 
 1 The loan shall be withdrawn by the Borrower according to the __(4)_____drawdown period and method 
 (1) withdraw the total facility amount on ____ ____ Day _____ ___Month ____ ____Year 
 (2) withdraw the total facility amount within ___ __ from ___ ____Day____ ____ Month ___ _____Year or 
 (3) the loan shall be withdrawn as follows Drawdown Period Drawdown Amount 

D-01 Fixed Assets Loan Agreement Applicable to single transaction, class A and class B single fixed asset loan business (Newly singed domestic loan contracts with CNY interest rate, non-USD GBP EUR JPY Swiss Franc new benchmark interest rate 

 (4) the Borrower shall apply in installments according to the project progress, and withdraw the facility after being approved by the Lender however, the Borrower shall withdraw the total facility amount no later than 7th _ March _ 2025 . 
 2 The Lender has the right to refuse the drawdown applications for any remaining undrawn portion of the facility after the last day of the drawdown period. 
 Article 7 Loan Funds Payment 
 1. Loan Granting Account 
 The Borrower opens the following account at the Lender as the loan granting account. The loan shall be granted and paid through the following account. This account is a special account and can only be used for the issuance and payment of the loan, and cannot be used for other payment receipts. 
 Account Name Orion Engineered Carbons (Huaibei) Co., Ltd. 
 Account No. 
 2. Methods of Loan Funds Payment 
 (1) The method of loan funds payment shall be in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations, the applicable monitoring rules and this Agreement. The method of loan funds payment of each single withdrawal shall be specified in the withdrawal application. Where the Lender considers the method of loan funds payment selected in the withdrawal application inconsistent with the requirements, the Lender has the right to either change the method of payment or suspend the granting and payment of the loan funds. 
 (2) In case of entrusted payment by the Lender, the Lender pays the loan funds to the trading counterpart of the Borrower, who uses the loan funds in compliance with this Agreement, based on the withdrawal application and payment entrustment made by the Borrower. 
 A. In accordance with the relevant provisions of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission and the Lender s internal management regulations, the borrower s single amount under this Agreement exceeds 5 of the total project investment (i.e. currency amount or exceeds RMB 5 million (the foreign currency shall be converted according to the exchange rate of on the actual withdrawal date, the same below) shall be paid by the entrusted payment method of the Lender. On the premise of controllable risk, if the single payment amount is less than RMB 500,000, the independent payment method of the Borrower may be adopted 
 B. Other conditions where the Lender and the Borrower agree to adopt the entrusted payment method 
 (3) In case of payment by the Borrower itself, the Lender grants the loan funds to the account of the Borrower based on the withdrawal application of the Borrower and the Borrower pays the loan funds to its trading counterpart who uses the loan funds in compliance with this Agreement. Except for the conditions agreed hereinabove, under which the loan funds shall be paid by the Lender on an entrustment basis, the Borrower shall pay the loan funds by itself under all the other conditions. 
 (4) Change of Method of Payment. After submitting the withdrawal application, where the Borrower s external payment changes, the method of loan funds payment shall be accordingly changed if the self-paid borrowed funds meet the stipulated conditions in paragraph 2(2) of this article. Where the method of payment is changed or the amount of payment to the Borrower s counterparts, payee, usage of the loan and other similar conditions are changed in case of entrusted payment, the Borrower shall provide the Lender with the written explanations on the application for change and re-submit the withdrawal application and the relevant trading materials proving the loan usage. 

D-01 Fixed Assets Loan Agreement Applicable to single transaction, class A and class B single fixed asset loan business (Newly singed domestic loan contracts with CNY interest rate, non-USD GBP EUR JPY Swiss Franc new benchmark interest rate 

3. Detailed Requirements on Entrusted Payment 
 (1) Payment Entrustment. Where the conditions applicable to entrusted payment by the Lender are met, the Borrower shall clearly specify the payment entrustment in the withdrawal application. The Borrower shall grant the payment entrustment and specify in the withdrawal application the account of its designated trading counterpart meeting the conditions agreed herein, into which the Lender shall directly pays the loan funds after transferring the same to the designated Borrower s account, as well as the name of the counterpart, the account of the counterpart, the amount of payment and the other necessary payment information. 
 (2) Provision of Trading Materials. Where the conditions applicable to entrusted payment by the Lender are met, the Borrower shall provide the Lender at the time of each withdrawal the account of loan granting, the account information of the trading counterpart and the supporting documents proving that the withdrawal is in compliance with the usage agreed in the loan contract. The Borrower shall guarantee to provide the Lender with the true, complete and valid materials. Where the Lender fails to perform its obligations of entrusted payment in due time due to the untrue, incorrect or incomplete trading materials provided by the Borrower, the Lender shall undertake no liabilities and the obligations of repayment which have arisen hereunder shall not be affected. 
 (3) Performance of the Obligations of Entrusted Payment by the Lender 
 A. In case of entrusted payment by the Lender, the Lender shall pay the loan funds to the Borrower s trading counterpart through the Borrower s account after examining and approving the payment entrustment and the relevant trading materials submitted by the Borrower. 
 B. Where the Lender finds such trading materials submitted by the Borrower as the supporting documents inconsistent with this Agreement or otherwise defective after review, the Lender has the right to require the Borrower to supplement, replace, explain or re-submit the same and has the right to refuse to grant and pay the relevant funds until and unless the Borrower submits such trading materials as may be conforming as considered by the Lender. 
 C. Where the opening bank of the Borrower s trading counterpart refunds the loan funds and the Lender is so unable to pay the loan funds to the trading counterpart as entrusted by the Borrower, the Lender shall undertake no liabilities and the obligations of repayment which have arisen hereunder shall not be affected. The Borrower hereby authorizes the Lender to freeze the funds refunded by the opening bank of the Borrower s trading counterpart. In such case, the Borrower shall re-submit the payment entrustment and such trading materials as the supporting documents proving the usage of the loan. 
 (4) The Borrower shall not avoid the requirement for entrusted payment by the Lender by the method of breaking the whole amount into parts. 

D-01 Fixed Assets Loan Agreement Applicable to single transaction, class A and class B single fixed asset loan business (Newly singed domestic loan contracts with CNY interest rate, non-USD GBP EUR JPY Swiss Franc new benchmark interest rate 

 Article 8 Repayment 
 1. Unless otherwise agreed by and between both parties, the Borrower shall repay the loan under this Agreement in accordance with the following Item ___(2)_______ of the repayment plan 
 (1) repayment in a single installment at the end of the loan period under this Agreement or 
 (2) the loan will be amortized as follows Repayment Date Repayment Amount 2024.6.21 5,000,000 2024.12.21 5,000,000 2025.6.21 25,000,000 2025.12.21 25,000,000 2026.6.21 55,000,000 2026.12.21 55,000,000 2027.6.21 55,000,000 2027.12.21 55,000,000 2028.6.21 55,000,000 2028.12.21 55,000,000 2029.6.21 55,000,000 2029.12.21 55,000,000 
 
 (3) Other repayment plan 
 If the Borrower needs to modify the schedule of repayment, it shall apply in writing to the Lender _____10______ banking business days before the corresponding repayment date. The modification to the schedule of repayment is subject to the mutual written agreement between both parties. 
 2. Unless otherwise agreed by and between both parties, if both the principal, interest, and the expenses for the realization of the creditor s rights are in arrears, the Lender shall have the right to determine the order of repayment of the principal, interest and the expenses for the realization of the creditor s rights. If there are repayments over several installments due or overdue under this Agreement, the Lender has the right to determine the repayment order in relation to repayment of the principal due or overdue. If several loan contracts between the Borrower and the Lender involve due payments or repayments, the Lender has the right to determine the order of performance of each loan contract. 
 3. Unless otherwise agreed by and between both parties, the Borrower is entitled to prepay the loan, but it shall give the Lender _____10 banking business days notice in writing. The amount of prepayment shall be first used to repay the final installment in accordance with the inverse chronological order. In the case of prepayment or partial prepayment of the loan that applies a combination of simple interest and compound interest, the interest accrued thereon on the principal prepaid shall be settled on a lump-sum basis . 
 4. The Borrower shall repay the loan in accordance with ___2_______set out below 
 (1) The Borrower shall deposit the adequate capital into the following repayment account not less than _____ _____ banking business days before each repayment day. The Lender shall have the right to debit the amount of principal or interest due from the repayment account on the date of repayment. 
 Repayment Reserve Account Holder _ 
 Account Number 

D-01 Fixed Assets Loan Agreement Applicable to single transaction, class A and class B single fixed asset loan business (Newly singed domestic loan contracts with CNY interest rate, non-USD GBP EUR JPY Swiss Franc new benchmark interest rate 

 The proportion of the income cash flow of the fixed asset investment project borrower involved in this Agreement into the above repayment reserve account is 
 The average of funds in the above repayment reserve account is . 
 (2) The Borrower shall deposit sufficient funds in the following account for repayment no later than 1 banking business day before the maturity of each principal and interest, and the Lender has the right to take the initiative to deduct funds from this account on the maturity date of each principal and interest. 
 Account Name Orion Engineered Carbons (Huaibei) Co., Ltd. . 
 Account number _____ _____. 
 (4) Any other repayment methods agreed by and between both parties ____ 
 Article 9 Security 
 1. The obligations under this Agreement are secured by 
 ____ Orion Engineered Carbons (China) Investment Co., Ltd. _ __shall provide _ Joint and several liability guarantee ______ security, and sign the security contract with the number of 2022 Free Trade Company Guarantee Zi No. 502 ___accordingly. 
 (other means of security) __ Orion Engineered Carbons (China) Investment Co., Ltd . shall provide mortgage of the land use right of the land parcel corresponding to the project, and execute a Mortgage Agreement with the number of 2022 Free Trade Company Mortgage Zi No. 502. This Agreement is the master agreement of the Mortgage Agreement ___. 
 2. If any security agreement becomes invalid, or is cancelled or rescinded, or if the Borrower or any security provider loses its ability to perform its obligations due to the deterioration of its financial conditions, involvement in major litigation or arbitration proceedings against it or some other reasons, or if the account of the Borrower or security provider is sealed, or if the performance ability of the Borrower or security provider is severely affected due to other reasons, or if the security provider is in breach of the security agreement or any other agreements with the Lender, or if the value of the collateral deceases or loses due to depreciation, damage, loss or seizure, at the request of the Lender, the Borrower is obliged to provide new security interest, replace the guarantor, or the like, to secure the performance of the obligations under this Agreement. 
 Article 10 Insurance Note this is an optional clause, choose option 2 1. Applicable 2. Not applicable 
 The borrower shall insure the risks of equipment, engineering construction, goods transportation and project operation related to the project or trade under this Agreement with an insurance company determined through negotiation with the Lender. The type of insurance shall be determined through consultation with the Lender, and the insurance amount shall not be less than the loan principal. The insurance premium shall be borne by . 
 The borrower shall deliver the original of the insurance policy to the lender within days after the Agreement takes effect. Before the principal, interest and expenses of the loan under this contract are paid off, the Borrower shall not interrupt the insurance for any reason. If the Borrower interrupts the insurance, the Lender has the right to renew or insure on behalf of the Borrower, and the insurance premium shall be borne by . The Borrower shall be liable for the losses suffered by the Lender due to the interruption of insurance. 
 The Borrower shall notify the Lender in writing within 3 days from the date when it knows or should know the occurrence of the insurance accident, and timely claim against the insurer in accordance with the relevant provisions of the insurance policy the Borrower shall bear the losses caused to the Lender due to failure to timely notify or claim or failure to perform its obligations under the insurance policy. Unless otherwise agreed, the insurance compensation shall first be used to repay the loan principal and interest and other payable expenses. 

D-01 Fixed Assets Loan Agreement Applicable to single transaction, class A and class B single fixed asset loan business (Newly singed domestic loan contracts with CNY interest rate, non-USD GBP EUR JPY Swiss Franc new benchmark interest rate 

 Article 11 Issuance of Invoice 
 1. The Borrower may apply to the Lender for a VAT invoice VAT special invoice VAT ordinary invoice) after the Lender confirms receipt of the payment, and the Lender shall issue a VAT invoice to the Borrower after receiving the Borrower s application for issuing a VAT invoice. 
 2. The Borrower may apply for issuing VAT invoice to the corresponding business handling agency or other institutions designated by the Lender. 
 3. The Lender shall confirm that the payment entity, the contract signing party and the buyer listed in the VAT invoice are the same taxpayer. In case of inconsistency, thus causing the failure of the Borrower to enter the account or deduct the input tax according to law, the relevant loss shall be borne by the Borrower. 
 4. If the Borrower loses the invoice after obtaining it, the Lender is not required to issue a VAT invoice to the Borrower. 
 5. If the Lender provides a discount to the Borrower through negotiation, the value of VAT invoice shall be subject to the price after the discount. 
 6. If the Lender provides service for the Borrower free of charge, the Lender will not provide VAT. 
 7. The Lender shall issue VAT invoice to the Borrower, and the Borrower shall timely check the invoice information. If there is any error in the invoice information, the Borrower shall promptly apply to the Lender for re-issuing the VAT invoice. 
 Article 12 Representations and Warranties 
 1. The Borrower represents to the Lender that 
 (1) The Borrower is a corporate person duly registered by the industrial and commercial administration or the competent authority and validly existing in accordance with the law, and has the power and capacity to enter into this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder if the Borrower is a newly established project legal person, its controlling shareholder has good credit status and has no major bad records if the State has the investment entity qualification and business qualification requirements for the proposed investment project, it meets such requirements. 
 (2) The entry into and performance of this Agreement by the Borrower are based upon the Borrower s true intention. The Borrower has obtained due and effective authorisations in accordance with its articles of association and internal governance documents. The entry into and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement will not conflict with any agreements, contracts or any other legal documents binding upon the Borrower. The Borrower has obtained, or will obtain, all approvals, licences, filings, and registrations in relation to the entry into and performance of this Agreement. 
 (3) The Borrower abides by the principle of honesty and trustworthiness. All the documents, financial statements, certificates and any other information supplied by the Borrower to the Lender in connection herewith are true, complete, accurate and valid. 
 (4) The motivation behind the business conducted by the Borrower with the loan facility is true, lawful, does not involve money laundering, terrorist financing, weapons of mass destruction proliferation financing, tax evasion, fraud or any other illegal purposes, and does not violate the sanction imposed by the United Nations, China and other sanctions applicable the purpose of the loan and the source of repayment are clear and legal. 
 (5) The Borrower is in good credit status and has no significant adverse record, and the Borrower has not concealed any matters which may have a severe effect on its own financial conditions or ability to perform the obligations under this Agreement or any security agreements, as the case may be and 
 (6) The loan project and its borrowing items comply with the national laws, regulations, regulatory provisions and relevant policies on industry, land and environmental protection, and have fulfilled the legal 

D-01 Fixed Assets Loan Agreement Applicable to single transaction, class A and class B single fixed asset loan business (Newly singed domestic loan contracts with CNY interest rate, non-USD GBP EUR JPY Swiss Franc new benchmark interest rate 

 management, approval, filing and other procedures of investment projects in accordance with the provisions, and comply with the national provisions on the capital investment. 
 (7) Both the Borrower and the loan project have reached the state standards on environmental protection and are not the enterprise and project which are promulgated and determined by the competent state authority as those with significant energy-consuming and pollution problems and without proper corrective measures and free from any energy-consuming and pollution risk 
 (8) The Borrower represents to the Lender in relation to other matters , 
 2. The Borrower makes the following warranties that 
 (1) It shall furnish to the Lender the financial statements periodically or promptly (including but not limited to the annual statements, quarterly statements and monthly statements) and other related information the Borrower guarantees that it will continue to meet the following financial targets 
 . 
 (2) it will withdraw, pay and use the loan in accordance with this Agreement. 
 (3) if the Borrower has signed or will sign a counter guarantee agreement or similar agreement with the guarantor of this Agreement on its guarantee obligations, this Agreement will not prejudice any rights of the Lender under this Agreement. 
 (4) it will accept the Lender s credit inspection and supervision, and give sufficient assistance and cooperation from the effectiveness of this Agreement to the completion of the repayment of the loan principal, interest and related expenses under this Agreement, the Borrower agrees and authorizes the Lender to monitor its account opened with the Lender, inspect and analyze the construction and operation of the project, and dynamically monitor the income cash flow and overall capital flow of the project the Borrower shall accept and cooperate with the Lender to inspect and supervise the use of the loan funds, including the purpose of the loan, by means of account analysis, receipt inspection and on-site investigation, and regularly summarize and report the payment and use of the loan funds as required by the Lender. The specific summary and reporting time is 
 (5) in case of merger, division, capital reduction, equity transfer, foreign investment, material increase in debt financing, transfer of major assets and creditor s rights and other matters that may have a material adverse impact on the repayment ability of the Borrower, prior written consent of the Lender shall be obtained. 
 The Borrower shall promptly notify the Lender of any of the following 
 A changes in the articles of association, business scope, registered capital and legal representative of the Borrower or guarantor 
 B to carry out joint operation in any form, to establish joint venture or cooperation with foreign investors, to enter into any contracting agreement regarding its management and operations, to re-incorporate or restructure, to alter the business strategies of proposed listing and conduct other business changes 
 C to be involved in major litigation or arbitration proceedings, or to have its property or collateral sealed, seized or supervised, or to create any further security over its secured assets 
 D to close, dissolve, liquidate, suspension of business for rectification, cancellation, revocation of business license, to be applied for bankruptcy etc. 
 E its shareholders, directors and current senior managers are involved in major cases or economic disputes 
 F to commit an event of default under any other contract binding upon the Borrower 
 G to suffer business operation difficulties or deterioration of financial conditions. 
 (6) The Borrower s debt owed to the Lender takes priority over the debts owed to its shareholders. The Lender shall rank at least pari passu with other creditors of the similar debts Moreover, the Borrower shall not repay 

D-01 Fixed Assets Loan Agreement Applicable to single transaction, class A and class B single fixed asset loan business (Newly singed domestic loan contracts with CNY interest rate, non-USD GBP EUR JPY Swiss Franc new benchmark interest rate 

 the loan from the Borrower s shareholders until the principal and interest of the loan and relevant expenses under this Agreement are paid off. 
 (7) the Borrower shall not distribute dividends and bonuses to shareholders in any form from the effective date of this Agreement to the completion of the repayment of the loan principal, interest and related expenses under this Agreement. 
 (8) The Borrower shall not dispose of its own assets by reducing its solvency, and promise that the total amount of external guarantee shall not be more than times of its own net assets, and the total amount of external guarantee and the amount of single guarantee shall not exceed the limit specified in its articles of association without the consent of the Lender, the assets formed by the loan under this Agreement shall not be used to provide guarantee to a third party. 
 (9) The Borrower shall not transfer the loan funds under this Agreement to the account with the same name and the account of related parties except for the purpose agreed in this Agreement or with the consent of the Lender. 
 For the account transfer of the Borrower with the same name or the account transfer of related parties, the Borrower shall provide corresponding supporting materials. 
 (10) Cooperate with the Lender in carrying out due diligence, cooperate in providing and updating the information of our institution and beneficial owners, and provide background information about transactions 
 (11) for the loan under this Agreement, the guarantee conditions, loan interest rate pricing, repayment order and other loan conditions provided by the Borrower to the Lender shall not be lower than those given to any other financial institution now or in the future. 
 (12) The mortgage of the construction in progress of the project shall be handled in time when the conditions are ripe. After the project is completed, the real estate mortgage guarantee shall be timely handled. When conditions are ripe, the insurance procedures for fixed assets shall be completed in time and the rights and interests shall be transferred to the Lender, the insurance term of which shall cover the loan term of the Lender. 
 (13) The Borrower and the Lender shall execute a fund escrow agreement. The Borrower shall open a sole income escrow account with Bank of China, and all the operating proceeds of the project shall be paid to the escrow account in time and in full, to ensure close management of the cash flow of the project. 
 (14) The minimum repayment schedule of the fixed asset loan is set forth in Clause 1 of Article 8 of this Agreement. The principal shall be repaid semiannually and interests paid quarterly. The minimum repayment schedule will be adjusted pro rata based on the actual drawdown amount. The loan agreement shall set up early repayment provisions, i.e. if there is remaining amount in the escrow account, the Lender and the Borrower may repay the Loan early through consultation. 
 (15) other matters committed by the borrower 
 Article 13 Disclosure of Connected Party Transactions within the Group Companies 
 The Parties agree to apply clause ___1______ 
 1. The Borrower is not the group client determined by the Lender as per the Guidelines on the Management of Risks of Credits Granted by Commercial Banks to Group Clients (hereinafter referred to as the Guidelines ). 
 2. The Borrower is the Lender s group client determined by the Lender as per the Guidelines on the Management of Risks of Credits Granted by Commercial Banks to Group Clients (hereinafter referred to as the Guidelines ). The Borrower is obliged to disclose to the Lender any connected party transaction of over 10 of its net assets, including connected relationships of the connected parties, projects and nature of the transaction, the amount of transaction or the related ratio and pricing policies (including the monetary transactions and nominal monetary transactions). 

D-01 Fixed Assets Loan Agreement Applicable to single transaction, class A and class B single fixed asset loan business (Newly singed domestic loan contracts with CNY interest rate, non-USD GBP EUR JPY Swiss Franc new benchmark interest rate 

 The Lender shall have the right to suspend the Borrower s further drawdown unilaterally and accelerate the repayment of partial or entire principal if one of any following events occurs to use the false contract entered into by the connected parties to obtain the bank s funds or credit by creating the discount or pledge over the notes receivable or accounts receivable with non-trade background to be involved in any major merger or acquisition, takeover, corporate restructuring or the like, which may affect the safety of the loan facility in the opinion of the Lender to intend to avoid the bank s rights and interests under the loan through connected party transactions or any other situations set out in Article 18 of the Guidelines. 
 Article 14 Events of Default and Remedies 
 1. Each of the following events shall constitute an event of default of the Borrower under this Agreement 
 (1) The Borrower fails to perform its obligations of payment owed to the Lender as provided for herein 
 (2) The Borrower fails to withdraw and use the loan funds as agreed herein or fails to use the loan facility for the purpose as provided for herein or the Borrower violates this Agreement by breaking the whole into parts to avoid the entrusted payment of the Lender or the Borrower will use the loan funds for re-lending or purchase other financial products for arbitrage or the Borrower illegally increase hidden local government debt 
 (3) Any representation of the Borrower contained herein proves to be incorrect, or the Borrower being in breach of any of the warranties contained herein 
 (4) In the event of the circumstances specified in Article 12, Paragraph 2, Item (5), etc., the Lender believes it may have a severe effect on the Borrower or any security provider s financial conditions or ability to perform their respective obligations, and the Borrower fails to provide new security interest or replace the guarantor in accordance with this Agreement 
 (5) The Borrower has an event of default under other loan contracts with the Lender or other institutions of Bank of China 
 (6) The guarantor violates the provisions of the guarantee contract, or an event of default occurs under other loan contracts with the Lender or other institutions of Bank of China. 
 (7) The Borrower terminates its business or a dissolution, cancellation or bankruptcy event occurs 
 (8) The Borrower is involved or may be involved in major economic disputes, litigation and arbitration, or its assets are sealed up, seized or enforced, or filed for investigation or punishment by judicial authorities or tax, industry and commerce and other administrative authorities according to law, which has or may affect the performance of its obligations under this Agreement 
 (9) The abnormal change or disappearance of the Borrower s main investors and key management personnel, or the judicial investigation or restriction of personal freedom according to law, which has or may affect the performance of their obligations hereunder 
 (10) The project capital is not in place as planned or in proportion, or is not supplemented within the time specified by the Lender 
 (11) The project progress severely lags behind the progress of fund use 
 (12) The borrower s credit status declines, or the borrower s profitability, solvency, operating capacity, cash flow and other financial indicators deteriorate, breaking through the index constraints agreed in this Agreement or other financial agreements 
 (13) When the Lender reviews the Borrower s financial status and performance ability every year (i.e. every full year since the effective date of this Agreement), it finds that there are circumstances that may severely affect the Borrower s or the guarantor s financial status and performance ability 
 (14) The Borrower refuses to cooperate with the Lender in carrying out due diligence, the Borrower or its relevant transactions counterparties under this Agreement are suspected of money laundering, terrorist financing, 

D-01 Fixed Assets Loan Agreement Applicable to single transaction, class A and class B single fixed asset loan business (Newly singed domestic loan contracts with CNY interest rate, non-USD GBP EUR JPY Swiss Franc new benchmark interest rate 

 proliferation of nuclear weapons, violation of applicable sanctions, and have any other violations, or the Borrower or guarantor is included in the list or scope of sanctions imposed by the United Nations or China or list or scope of other applicable sanctions 
 (15) The Borrower violates other agreements on the rights and obligations of the parties herein. 
 2. Upon the occurrence of any event of default of the Borrower, the Lender shall have the right to take any one or more measures as follows subject to the specific conditions 
 (1) to request the Borrower to rectify the breach within a period as the Lender may request 
 (2) to reduce, suspend or cancel the credit line provided to the Borrower entirely or partially 
 (3) to suspend, or cancel the acceptance of the drawdown requests under this Agreement and the other contracts between the Borrower and the Lender entirely or partially. The Lender shall have the right to suspend, or cancel the admission and issuance of the undrawn facility and inadmissible trade finance entirely or partially 
 (4) to declare the entire or partial unpaid loan principal and interest of trade finance and any other payables to be immediately due and payable under this Agreement and any other contracts between the Borrower and the Lender 
 (5) to change the loan issuance and payment conditions according to the Borrower s credit status, such as reducing the starting amount of entrusted payment, or transferring back the loan funds paid by the Borrower in breach of contract 
 (6) to cancel or rescind this Agreement, cancel or rescind the other contracts between the Borrower and the Lender entirely or partially 
 (7) to claim the compensation for the loss incurred by the Lender due to the Borrower s breach, including, without limitation, legal costs, attorney fees, notary fees, enforcement fees and other related costs caused by the realization of the creditor s rights 
 (8) to set off the entire or partial loan against any credit balance standing on any accounts opened by the Borrower with the Lender and any other institutions of the Bank of China Limited Undue funds in the account are deemed to be matured early. If there is any difference between the currency of the accounts and the currency adopted by the Lender, the amount shall be calculated on the basis of the exchange rate adopted by the Lender on the date of set-off 
 (9) to enforce any security interest in favour of the Lender to request the guarantor to be liable for the obligations under the guarantee and 
 (10) to take any other measures deemed necessary and practical by the Lender. 
 Article 15 Non-Waiver 
 If one party fails to exercise its partial or entire rights hereunder, or request the other party to perform or be liable for its partial or entire obligations or responsibilities, such failure shall not be deemed to waive the rights or be exempted from the obligations and responsibilities of the former. 
 Any indulgence, extension or delay by one party to the other party in the exercise of rights shall not affect any rights referred to by this Agreement, laws and regulations, nor shall it be deemed as a waiver of such rights. 
 Article 16 Modification, Amendment and Termination 
 This Agreement may be modified or amended in writing subject to the consent of both parties. Any modification or amendment hereto shall constitute an integral part of this Agreement. 
 Unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations or otherwise agreed by and between both parties, this Agreement shall not be terminated unless and until all the rights and obligations hereof have been fully performed. 
 Unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations or otherwise agreed by and between both parties, the invalidity of any provisions hereof shall not affect the validity of any other provisions hereof. 

D-01 Fixed Assets Loan Agreement Applicable to single transaction, class A and class B single fixed asset loan business (Newly singed domestic loan contracts with CNY interest rate, non-USD GBP EUR JPY Swiss Franc new benchmark interest rate 

 Article 17 Governing Law and Settlement of Disputes 
 This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the People s Republic of China. 
 Once this Agreement comes into effect, any disputes arising from the execution or performance of this Agreement may be settled through the negotiation by both parties. If the negotiation fails, either party shall resolve the dispute in accordance with ___ 1 __ method below 
 1. Arbitration. Submit to 
 China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission 
 Beijing Arbitration Commission (Beijing International Arbitration Center) 
 Arbitral Commission The arbitration shall be conducted in ___ ____(the place of arbitration) in accordance with the commission s arbitration rules in effect at the time when the application is submitted. The arbitration award shall be final and binding upon all parties. 
 2. Litigation. The parties may, through consultation, choose a Chinese court to resolve the dispute through litigation. 
 Bring a lawsuit to the people s court at the domicile of the Lender or any other institution of Bank of China Limited that exercises its rights and obligations in accordance with this Agreement or individual agreement. 
 Bring a lawsuit to the International Commercial Tribunal of the Supreme People s Court (for international commercial disputes with a target value of more than RMB 300 million) 
 Bring a lawsuit to the competent people s court according to law. 
 During the dispute settlement period, if the dispute does not affect the performance of other provisions of this Agreement, such other provisions shall continue to be performed. 
 Article 18 Attachment 
 The following attachments and any other attachments agreed by and between both parties shall constitute an integral part of this Agreement, and have the same legal force as this Agreement. 
 1. Drawdown Request (Form) 
 2. Notification Letter of the Annualized Interest Rate of the Loan (Form) 
 Article 19 Miscellaneous 
 1 In the absence of the written consent of the Lender, the Borrower shall not assign the rights or obligations hereunder to any third party. 
 2 The Borrower acknowledges that the Lender entrusts other institutions of the Bank of China Limited to perform the rights and obligations hereunder, or the Lender assigns its obligations to provide the loan to other institutions of the Bank of China Limited to undertake and manage due to the needs of its business. Other institutions of the Bank of China Limited authorized by the Lender, or undertaking the loan business hereunder shall have the right to exercise the entire rights of this Agreement, file a lawsuit to the court, submit an award to the arbitration institution, or apply for enforcement of the judgment or arbitration award in respect of the dispute hereunder. 
 3 Without prejudice to any other provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement is binding on both parties hereto, their respective successors and assignees. 
 4 Unless otherwise agreed by and between both parties, both parties shall designate the domicile set out in this Agreement as the address for correspondence and contact, as well as the address for service confirmed by both parties. The applicable scope of service address includes all kind of notices, contracts, and other documents during the performance of the Agreement by both parties, and relevant documents and legal documents when disputes arise over this Agreement, as well as the first instance, second instance, retrial and execution procedures after the dispute 

D-01 Fixed Assets Loan Agreement Applicable to single transaction, class A and class B single fixed asset loan business (Newly singed domestic loan contracts with CNY interest rate, non-USD GBP EUR JPY Swiss Franc new benchmark interest rate 

 enters the arbitration and civil proceedings. In case of any change of the above address, the changing party shall inform the other party in writing of the changed address __10___ business days in advance. In arbitration and civil proceedings, either party shall, when changing its address, perform the obligation of informing the arbitration institution or court of the change of address. If a party fails to perform its obligation of notice in the aforesaid manner, the address of service confirmed herein shall be deemed to be the effective address of service. 
 If a legal document is not actually received by a party due to the inaccurate service address provided or confirmed by one party, failure to timely inform the other party, the court or the refusal of the designated receiver to sign for receipt after the change of service address, etc., the date on which the document is returned by mail shall be deemed as the date of service in case of direct service, the date on which the information is recorded on the service receipt on the spot by the servicer shall be deemed as the date of service. 
 5 The transactions as contemplated by this Agreement are based upon the independent benefits of both parties hereto. If any individual or entity constitutes a connected party of the Lender in accordance with the requirements of the relevant laws, regulations or regulatory provisions, it shall not use this connected relationship to affect the fairness of the transactions. 
 6 The headings and business names herein are for ease of reference only, and shall not be used for the interpretation of the provisions hereof or the rights and obligations of both parties. 
 7 The Lender has the right to provide the information related to this Agreement and the other pertinent information of the Borrower to the financial credit information database and other legally established credit information database in accordance with the applicable laws, regulations and regulatory provisions, for the inquiry and use of appropriately qualified institutions or individuals according to law. The Lender also has the right to enquire about the pertinent information of the Borrower through the financial credit information database and other legally established credit information database for the purpose of concluding and performing this Agreement. 
 8 Where the date of withdrawal or the date of repayment is the statutory holiday, the date of withdrawal or the date of repayment shall be postponed to the first business day upon the end of the statutory holiday. 
 9 Where the Lender is unable to perform this Agreement or fails to perform this Agreement as agreed herein due to the changes to the applicable laws and regulations or monitoring rules or the requirement by the competent monitoring authorities, the Lender has the right to terminate or amend the performance of this Agreement and its individual agreements as per the changes to the applicable laws and regulations or monitoring rules or the requirement by the competent monitoring authorities. Where the Lender is unable to perform this Agreement or fails to perform this Agreement as agreed herein due to the termination of or the amendment to this Agreement so caused, the Lender shall be exempted from its liabilities. 
 10 The Borrower may consult and complain about this Agreement, and the business and charger hereunder through the contact telephone number of the Lender set forth herein . 
 Article 20 Effectiveness of this Agreement 
 This Agreement shall take effect upon being signed by the legal representatives (or person in-charge) or authorized signatories and sealed by both the Lender and the Borrower. 
 This Agreement is made in 4 copies, the Borrower and the Lender each holding 2 copies respectively, with equal legal effect. 

D-01 Fixed Assets Loan Agreement Applicable to single transaction, class A and class B single fixed asset loan business (Newly singed domestic loan contracts with CNY interest rate, non-USD GBP EUR JPY Swiss Franc new benchmark interest rate 

 Borrower Orion Engineered Carbons (Huaibei) Co., Ltd. 
 Lender Bank of China Limited Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone Sub-Branch 
 Authorized Signatory s Anthony Z. SU Authorized Signatory s SUN LEI 2022 3 16 2022 3 16 Date March 16 th , 2022 
 Date March 16 th , 2022 

Appendix Notification Letter of the Annualized Interest Rate of the Loan 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 a2023-02x23ex211listofsubs.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 The following entities are included in the Group consolidated financial statements as subsidiaries or joint ventures at December 31, 2022. 
 Shareholding Controlled entities CB International Services Company GmbH, Frankfurt am Main, Germany 100 Orion Engineered Carbons Holdco S.R.L., Milano, Italy 100 Orion Engineered Carbons Holdoco S.A.S., Ambes, France 100 Carbogal Engineered Carbons Holdco - Consultoria, Unipessoal Lda., Lisboa, Portugal 100 Norcarb Engineered Carbons Holdco AB., Malm Sweden 100 Orion Engineered Carbons International GmbH, Frankfurt am Main, Germany 100 Orion Engineered Carbons Holdings GmbH, Frankfurt am Main, Germany 100 Orion Engineered Carbons Bondco GmbH, Frankfurt am Main, Germany 100 Orion Engineered Carbons IP Verwaltungs GmbH, Monheim am Rhein, Germany 100 Orion Engineered Carbons IP GmbH & Co. KG, Monheim am Rhein, Germany 100 Orion Engineered Carbons GmbH, Frankfurt am Main, Germany 100 Norcarb Engineered Carbons AB, Malm , Sweden 100 Orion Engineered Carbons Sp. z o.o., Jaslo, Poland 100 Orion Engineered Carbons S.A.S., Amb s, France 100 Orion Engineered Carbons France SAS Berre-l'Etang France 100 Orion Engineered Carbons S.r.l., Ravenna, Italy 100 Carbogal Engineered Carbons S.A., Sines, Portugal 100 Orion Engineered Carbons Proprietary Limited, Port Elizabeth, South Africa 100 Orion Engineered Carbons Turkey, Istanbul, Turkey 100 Orion Engineered Carbons USA Holdco, LLC, Spring, US 100 Orion Engineered Carbons LLC, Spring, USA (Principal Executive Office) 100 OEC Finance US LLC, Spring, USA 100 Orion Engineered Carbons Ltda., Paulinia, Brazil 99.99 Orion Engineered Carbons Korea, Co., Ltd., Yeosu-si, South Korea 100 Orion Engineered Carbons KK, Tokyo, Japan 100 Orion Engineered Carbons Trading (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., Shanghai, China 100 Orion Material Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Shanghai, China 100 Orion Engineered Carbons Qingdao Co., Ltd., Qingdao, China 100 ORION Engineered Carbons (Huaibei) Co., Ltd, Huaibei, China 100 Orion Engineered Carbons (China) Investment Co., Ltd, Shanghai, China 100 ORION Engineered Carbons India Private Limited, Thane West, India 100 Orion Engineered Carbons Pte. Ltd., Singapore, Singapore 100 Associated entities Kommanditgesellschaft Deutsche Gasrusswerke GmbH & Co., Dortmund, Germany 54.35 Deutsche Gasrusswerke Gesellschaft mit beschr nkter Haftung, Dortmund, Germany 50 
 In liquidation 
 Although we hold 54.35 and 50 of shares as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, in Kommanditgesellschaft Deutsche Gasrusswerke GmbH & Co., Dortmund, Germany DGW KG ), per shareholder resolution Orion agreed to generally limit its use of voting rights in DGW KG to 50 . Therefore DGW KG is recognized as a joint venture applying the equity method. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 a2023-02x23ex231consentofe.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-197879) pertaining to the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan and the 2014 Non-Employee Director Plan of Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. of our reports dated February 23, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Orion Engineered Carbons S.A., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Orion Engineered Carbons S.A., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Houston, TX 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 a2023-02x23ex232consentofe.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-197879) pertaining to the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan and the 2014 Non-Employee Director Plan of Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. of our report dated February 18, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Orion Engineered Carbons S.A., included in its Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 s Ernst & Young GmbH 
 Cologne, Germany 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 a2023-02x23ex311certificat.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification pursuant to 
 Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 I, Corning Painter, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report in Form 10-K of Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Corning F. Painter 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 a2023-02x23ex312certificat.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification pursuant 
 to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 I, Jeffrey Glajch, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Jeffrey Glajch 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 a2023-02x23ex321certificat.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. in Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Corning Painter, Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Corning F. Painter 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 a2023-02x23ex322certificat.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. in Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeffrey Glajch, Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 23, 2023 s Jeffrey Glajch 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 oec-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 oec-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 oec-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 oec-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 oec-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

