<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_1053352_0001558370-23-003189.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>32796909</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>620381</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3138703</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>14920839</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3801184</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>9061047</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-003189.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230308174612
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-003189
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		168
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230308

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001053352
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				770469558
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23877
		FILM NUMBER:		23717413

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		224 AIRPORT PARKWAY
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4089476900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		224 AIRPORT PARKWAY
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-003189.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 htbk-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

(MARK ONE) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO Commission file number Heritage Commerce Corp (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , (Address of Principal Executive Offices including Zip Code) (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which Registered (NASDAQ Global Select Market) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30, 2022, based upon the closing price on that date of 10.69 per share as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, and 47,503,819 shares held, was approximately million. As of February 9, 2023, there were shares of the Registrant s common stock (no par value) outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the Registrant s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 25, 2023 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Report. The proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the Registrant s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 . 

Table of Contents 
 HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Page PART I. Item 1. Business 5 Item 1A. Risk Factors 26 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 50 Item 2. Properties 50 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 52 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 53 PART II. Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 53 Item 6. [RESERVED] 55 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 56 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 87 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 88 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 88 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 88 Item 9B. Other Information 89 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 89 PART III. Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of Registrant 90 Item 11. Executive Compensation 90 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 90 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 90 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 91 PART IV. Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 91 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 93 Signatures 94 Financial Statements 95 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Report on Form 10-K contains various statements that may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Rule 175 promulgated thereunder, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, Rule 3b-6 promulgated thereunder and are intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These forward-looking statements often can be, but are not always, identified by the use of words such as assume, expect, intend, plan, project, believe, estimate, predict, anticipate, may, might, should, could, goal, potential and similar expressions. We base these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events, our assumptions regarding these events and our knowledge of facts at the time the statements are made. These statements include statements relating to our projected growth, anticipated future financial performance, and management s long-term performance goals, as well as statements relating to the anticipated effects on results of operations and financial condition. These forward looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that may be outside our control and our actual results could differ materially from our projected results. Risks and uncertainties that could cause our financial performance to differ materially from our goals, plans, expectations and projections expressed in forward-looking statements include those set forth in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the following listed below: geopolitical and domestic political developments that can increase levels of political and economic unpredictability, contribute to rising energy and commodity prices, and increase the volatility of financial markets; current and future economic and market conditions in the United States generally or in the communities we serve, including the effects of declines in property values and overall slowdowns in economic growth should these events occur; effects of and changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including the interest rate policies of the Federal Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve Board; inflationary pressures and changes in the interest rate environment that reduce our margins and yields, the fair value of financial instruments or our level of loan originations, or increase the level of defaults, losses and prepayments on loans we have made and make, whether held in the portfolio or in the secondary market; changes in the level of nonperforming assets and charge offs and other credit quality measures, and their impact on the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses and our provision for credit losses; volatility in credit and equity markets and its effect on the global economy; conditions relating to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and other infectious illness outbreaks that may arise in the future, our customers, employees, businesses, liquidity, financial results and overall condition including severity and duration of the associated uncertainties in U.S. and global markets; our ability to effectively compete with other banks and financial services companies and the effects of competition in the financial services industry on our business; our ability to achieve loan growth and attract deposits in our market area, the impact of the cost of deposits and our ability to retain deposits; risks associated with concentrations in real estate related loans; 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 the relative strength or weakness of the commercial and real estate markets where our borrowers are located, including related vacancy rates, and asset and market prices; credit related impairment charges to our securities portfolio; increased capital requirements for our continual growth or as imposed by banking regulators, which may require us to raise capital at a time when capital is not available on favorable terms or at all; regulatory limits on Heritage Bank of Commerce s ability to pay dividends to the Company; operational issues stemming from, and/or capital spending necessitated by, the potential need to adapt to industry changes in information technology systems, on which we are highly dependent; our inability to attract, recruit, and retain qualified officers and other personnel could harm our ability to implement our strategic plan, impair our relationships with customers and adversely affect our business, results of operations and growth prospects; possible adjustment of the valuation of our deferred tax assets; our ability to keep pace with technological changes, including our ability to identify and address cyber-security risks such as data security breaches, denial of service attacks, hacking and identity theft; inability of our framework to manage risks associated with our business, including operational risk and credit risk; risks of loss of funding of Small Business Administration SBA or SBA loan programs, or changes in those programs; compliance with applicable laws and governmental and regulatory requirements, including the Dodd-Frank Act and others relating to banking, consumer protection, securities, accounting and tax matters; effect of changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the regulatory agencies, as well as the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the Financial Accounting Standards Board and other accounting standard setters; the expense and uncertain resolution of litigation matters whether occurring in the ordinary course of business or otherwise; availability of and competition for acquisition opportunities; risks resulting from domestic terrorism; risks resulting from social unrest and protests; risks of natural disasters (including earthquakes, fires, and flooding) and other events beyond our control; and our success in managing the risks involved in the foregoing factors. 
 Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. The Company does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date the forward-looking statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. You should consider any forward looking statements in light of this explanation, and we caution you about relying on forward-looking statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS General Heritage Commerce Corp, a California corporation organized in 1997, is a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. We provide a wide range of banking services through Heritage Bank of Commerce, our wholly-owned subsidiary. Heritage Bank of Commerce is a California state-chartered bank headquartered in San Jose, California and has been conducting business since 1994. Heritage Bank of Commerce is a multi-community independent bank that offers a full range of commercial banking services to small and medium-sized businesses and their owners, managers and employees. We operate through 18 full service branch offices located entirely in the general San Francisco Bay Area of California in the counties of Alameda, Contra Costa, Marin, San Benito, San Francisco, San Mateo, and Santa Clara. Our market includes the headquarters of a number of technology based companies in the region commonly known as Silicon Valley. Our lending activities are diversified and include commercial, real estate, construction and land development, consumer and Small Business Administration SBA guaranteed loans. We generally lend in markets where we have a physical presence through our branch offices. We attract deposits throughout our market area with a customer-oriented product mix, competitive pricing, and convenient locations. We offer a wide range of deposit products for business banking and retail markets. We offer a multitude of other products and services to complement our lending and deposit services. In addition, Bay View Funding provides factoring financing throughout the United States. As a bank holding company, Heritage Commerce Corp is subject to the supervision of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). We are required to file with the Federal Reserve reports and other information regarding our business operations and the business operations of our subsidiaries. As a California chartered bank, Heritage Bank of Commerce is subject to primary supervision, periodic examination, and regulation by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, and by the Federal Reserve, as its primary federal regulator. Our principal executive office is located at 224 Airport Parkway, San Jose, California 95110, telephone number: (408) 947-6900. At December 31, 2022, we had consolidated assets of 5.158 billion, deposits of 4.390 billion and shareholders equity of 632.5 million. When we use we , us , our or the Company , we mean the Company on a consolidated basis with Heritage Bank of Commerce. When we refer to HCC or the holding company , we are referring to Heritage Commerce Corp on a standalone basis. When we use the Bank or HBC , we mean Heritage Bank of Commerce on a standalone basis. The Internet address of the Company s website is http://www.heritagecommercecorp.com, and the Bank s website is http://www.heritagebankofcommerce.com. The Company makes available free of charge through the Company s website, the Company s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports. The Company makes these reports available on its website on the same day they appear on the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC website. Heritage Bank of Commerce HBC is a California state-chartered bank headquartered in San Jose, California. It was incorporated in November 1993 and opened for business in June 1994. HBC operates through eighteen full service branch offices. The locations of HBC s current offices and the administrative office of CSNK Working Capital Finance Corp. d/b/a Bay View Funding Bay View Funding are: 
 5 

Table of Contents 

San Jose: Administrative Office Main Branch 224 Airport Parkway, Suite 100 San Jose, CA 95110 Los Altos: Branch Office 419 South San Antonio Road Los Altos, CA 94022 Danville: Branch Office 387 Diablo Road Danville, CA 94526 Los Gatos: Branch Office 15575 Los Gatos Boulevard Suite B Los Gatos, CA 95032 Fremont: Branch Office 3137 Stevenson Boulevard Fremont, CA 94538 Morgan Hill: Branch Office 18625 Sutter Boulevard Suite 100 Morgan Hill, CA 95037 Gilroy: Branch Office 7598 Monterey Street Suite 110 Gilroy, CA 95020 Oakland: Branch Office 1111 Broadway Suite 1650 Oakland, CA 94607 Hollister: Branch Office 351 Tres Pinos Road Suite 102A Hollister, CA 95023 Palo Alto: Branch Office 325 Lytton Avenue Suite 100 Palo Alto, CA 94301 Livermore Branch Office 1987 First Street Livermore, CA 94550 Pleasanton: Branch Office 300 Main Street Pleasanton, CA 94566 Redwood City: Branch Office 2400 Broadway Suite 100 Redwood City, CA 94063 Sunnyvale: Branch Office 333 W. El Camino Real Suite 150 Sunnyvale, CA 94087 San Francisco: Branch Office 120 Kearny Street Suite 2300 San Francisco, CA 94108 Walnut Creek: Branch Office 1990 N. California Boulevard Suite 100 Walnut Creek, CA 94596 San Mateo: Branch Office 400 S. El Camino Real Suite 150 San Mateo, CA 94402 Bay View Funding Administrative Office 224 Airport Parkway Suite 200 San Jose, CA 95110 San Rafael: Branch Office 999 5th Avenue Suite 100 San Rafael, CA 94901 
 The Sunnyvale branch office is closing on April 28, 2023. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Lending Activities We offer a diversified mix of business loans encompassing the following loan products: (i) commercial and industrial loans; (ii) commercial real estate loans; (iii) construction loans; and (iv) SBA loans. From time to time the Company has purchased single family residential mortgage loans. We also offer home equity lines of credit HELOCS ), to accommodate the needs of business owners and individual clients, as well as consumer loans (both secured and unsecured). In the event creditworthy loan customers borrowing needs exceed our legal lending limit, we have the ability to sell participations in those loans to other banks. We encourage relationship banking, obtaining a substantial portion of each borrower s banking business, including deposit accounts. As of December 31, 2022, the percentage of our total loans for each of the principal areas in which we directed our lending activities were as follows: (i) commercial and industrial loans 16 (including SBA loans, SBA Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans, asset-based lending, and factored receivables); (ii) commercial real estate loans 51 ; (iii) land and construction loans 5 ; (iv) residential mortgage loans 16 ; and (v) consumer and other loans (including home equity and multifamily loans) 12 . While no specific industry concentration is considered significant, our lending operations are located in market areas dependent on technology and real estate industries and their supporting companies. Commercial and Industrial Loans. Our commercial loan portfolio is comprised of operating secured and unsecured loans advanced for working capital, equipment purchases and other business purposes. Generally short-term loans have maturities ranging from thirty days to one year, and term loans have maturities ranging from one to five years. Short-term business loans are generally intended to finance current transactions and typically provide for periodic principal payments, with interest payable monthly. Term loans generally provide for floating or fixed interest rates, with monthly payments of both principal and interest. Repayment of secured and unsecured commercial loans depends substantially on the borrower s underlying business, financial condition and cash flows, as well as the sufficiency of the collateral. Compared to real estate, the collateral may be more difficult to monitor, evaluate and sell. It may also depreciate more rapidly than real estate. Such risks can be significantly affected by economic conditions. Our factored receivables portfolio is originated by Bay View Funding. Factored receivables are receivables that have been acquired from the originating company and typically have not been subject to previous collection efforts. These receivables are acquired from a variety of companies, including but not limited to service providers, transportation companies, manufacturers, distributors, wholesalers, apparel companies, advertisers, and temporary staffing companies. The average life of the factored receivables was 38 days for the year ended December 31, 2022. HBC s commercial loans, except for the asset-based lending and the factored receivables at Bay View Funding, are primarily originated from locally-oriented commercial activities in communities where HBC has a physical presence through its branch offices. Commercial Real Estate Loans. The commercial real estate CRE loan portfolio is comprised of loans secured by commercial real estate. Commercial real estate loans comprise two segments differentiated by owner occupied commercial real estate and non-owner commercial real estate. Owner occupied commercial real estate loans are secured by commercial properties that are at least 50 occupied by the borrower or borrower affiliate. Non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans are secured by commercial properties that are less than 50 occupied by the borrower or borrower affiliate. Commercial real estate loans may be adversely affected by conditions in the real estate markets or in the general economy. These loans are generally advanced based on the borrower s cash flow, and the underlying collateral provides a secondary source of payment. HBC generally restricts real estate term loans to no more than 75 of the property s appraised value or the purchase price of the property, depending on the type of property and its utilization. HBC offers both fixed and floating rate loans. Maturities on such loans are generally restricted to between five and ten years (with amortization ranging from fifteen to twenty-five years and a balloon payment due at maturity); however, SBA and certain real estate loans that can be sold in the secondary market may be advanced for longer maturities. CRE loans typically involve large balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers. Since payments on these loans are often dependent on the successful operation or management of the properties, as well as the business and financial condition of the borrower, repayment of such loans may be subject to adverse conditions in the real estate market, adverse economic conditions or changes in applicable government regulations. If the cash flow from the project decreases, or if leases are not obtained or renewed, the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Construction Loans. We make commercial construction loans for rental properties, commercial buildings and homes built by developers on speculative, undeveloped property. We also make construction loans for homes and commercial buildings built by owner occupants. The terms of commercial construction loans are made in accordance with our loan policy. Advances on construction loans are made in accordance with a schedule reflecting the cost of construction, but are generally limited to a 70 loan-to-value ratio, as completed. Repayment of construction loans on non-residential properties is normally expected from the property s eventual rental income, income from the borrower s operating entity or the sale of the subject property. In the case of income-producing property, repayment is usually expected from permanent financing upon completion of construction. At times we provide the permanent mortgage financing on our construction loans on income-producing property. Construction loans are interest-only loans during the construction period, which typically do not exceed 18 months. If HBC provides permanent financing the short-term loan converts to permanent, amortizing financing following the completion of construction. Generally, before making a commitment to fund a construction loan, we require an appraisal of the property by a state-certified or state-licensed appraiser. We review and inspect properties before disbursement of funds during the term of the construction loan. The repayment of construction loans is dependent upon the successful and timely completion of the construction of the subject property, as well as the sale of the property to third parties or the availability of permanent financing upon completion of all improvements. Construction loans expose us to the risk that improvements will not be completed on time, and in accordance with specifications and projected costs. Construction delays, the financial impairment of the builder, interest rate increases or economic downturn may further impair the borrower s ability to repay the loan. In addition, the borrower may not be able to obtain permanent financing or ultimate sale or rental of the property may not occur as anticipated. HBC utilizes underwriting guidelines to assess the likelihood of repayment from sources such as sale of the property or permanent mortgage financing prior to making the construction loan. SBA Loans. SBA loans are made through programs designed by the federal government to assist the small business community in obtaining financing from financial institutions that are given government guarantees as an incentive to make the loans. HBC has been designated as an SBA Preferred Lender. Our SBA loans fall into four categories: loans originated under the SBA s 7a Program 7a Loans loans originated under the SBA s 504 Program 504 Loans SBA Express Loans, and U.S. Department of Agriculture guaranteed lending programs. SBA 7a Loans are commercial business loans generally made for the purpose of purchasing real estate to be occupied by the business owner, providing working capital, and/or purchasing equipment or inventory. SBA 504 Loans are collateralized by commercial real estate and are generally made to business owners for the purpose of purchasing or improving real estate for their use and for equipment used in their business. The SBA Express Loans or lines of credit are for businesses that want to improve cash flow, refinance debt, or fund improvements, equipment, or real estate. It features an abbreviated SBA application process and accelerated approval times, plus it can offer longer terms and lower down payment requirements than conventional loans. SBA lending is subject to federal legislation that can affect the availability and funding of the program. From time to time, this dependence on legislative funding causes limitations and uncertainties with regard to the continued funding of such programs, which could potentially have an adverse financial impact on our business. Home Equity Loans. Our home equity line portfolio is comprised of home equity lines of credit to customers in our markets. Home equity lines of credit are underwritten in a manner such that they result in credit risk that is substantially similar to that of residential mortgage loans. Nevertheless, home equity lines of credit have greater credit risk than residential mortgage loans because they are often secured by mortgages that are subordinated to the existing first mortgage on the property, which we do not hold, and they are not covered by private mortgage insurance coverage. Multifamily Loans. Multifamily loans are loans on residential properties with five or more units. These loans rely primarily on the cash flows of the properties securing the loan for repayment and secondarily on the value of the properties securing the loan. The cash flows of these borrowers can fluctuate along with the values of the underlying property depending on general economic conditions. Residential Mortgage Loans. From time to time the Company has purchased single family residential mortgage loans. Residential mortgage loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 totaled 537.9 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased single family residential mortgage loans totaling 185.4 million, tied to homes all located in California, with average principal balances of approximately 934,000. HBC does not originate first trust deed home mortgage loans or home improvement loans, other than HELOCS. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Consumer and Other Loans. The consumer loan portfolio is composed of miscellaneous consumer loans including loans for financing automobiles, various consumer goods and other personal purposes. Consumer loans are generally secured. Repossessed collateral for a defaulted consumer loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment for the outstanding loan, and the remaining deficiency may not warrant further substantial collection efforts against the borrower. In addition, consumer loan collections are dependent on the borrower s continued financial stability, which can be adversely affected by job loss, divorce, illness or personal bankruptcy. Furthermore, the application of various federal and state laws, including federal and state bankruptcy and insolvency laws, may limit the amount which can be recovered on such loans. Deposit Products As a full-service commercial bank, we focus deposit generation on relationship accounts, encompassing non-interest bearing demand, interest bearing demand, and money market accounts. In order to facilitate the generation of non-interest bearing demand deposits, we require, depending on the circumstances and the type of relationship, our borrowers to maintain deposit balances with us as a typical condition of granting loans. We also offer certificates of deposit and savings accounts. We offer a remote deposit capture product that allows deposits to be made via computer at the customer s business location. We also offer customers e-statements that allows customers to receive statements electronically, which is more convenient and secure than receiving paper statements. For customers requiring full Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance on certificates of deposit in excess of 250,000, we offer the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service CDARS program, which allows HBC to place the certificates of deposit with other participating banks to maximize the customers FDIC insurance. HBC also receives reciprocal deposits from other participating financial institutions. Electronic Banking While personalized, service-oriented banking is the cornerstone of our business plan, we use technology and the Internet as a secondary means for servicing customers, to compete with larger banks and to provide a convenient platform for customers to review and transact business. We offer sophisticated electronic or internet banking opportunities that permit commercial customers to conduct much of their banking business remotely from their home or business. However, our customers will always have the opportunity to personally discuss specific banking needs with knowledgeable bank officers and staff who are directly accessible in the branches and offices as well as by telephone and email. HBC offers multiple electronic banking options to its customers. It does not allow the origination of deposit accounts through online banking. All of HBC s electronic banking services allow customers to review transactions and statements, review images of paid items, transfer funds between accounts at HBC, place stop orders, pay bills and export to various business and personal software applications. HBC online commercial banking also allows customers to initiate domestic wire transfers and ACH transactions, with the added security and functionality of assigning discrete access and levels of security to different employees of the client and division of functions to allow separation of duties, such as input and release. We also offer our internet banking customers an additional third party product designed to assist in mitigating fraud risk to both the customer and the Bank in internet banking and other internet activities conducted by the customer, at no cost to the customer. Other Banking Services We offer a multitude of other products and services to complement our lending and deposit services. These include cashier s checks, bank by mail, night depositories, safe deposit boxes, direct deposit, automated payroll services, electronic funds transfers, online bill pay, homeowner association services, and other customary banking services. HBC currently operates ATMs at six different locations. In addition, we have established a convenient customer service group accessible by toll free telephone to answer questions and promote a high level of customer service. HBC does not have a trust department. In addition to the traditional financial services offered, HBC offers remote deposit capture, automated clearing house origination, electronic data interchange and check imaging. HBC continues to investigate products and 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 services that it believes addresses the growing needs of its customers and to analyze other markets for potential expansion opportunities. Investments Our investment policy is established by the Board of Directors (the Board ). The general investment strategies are developed and authorized by our Finance and Investment Committee of the Board. The investment policy is reviewed annually by the Finance and Investment Committee, and any changes to the policy are subject to approval by the full Board of Directors. The overall objectives of the investment policy are to maintain a portfolio of high quality investments to maximize interest income over the long term and to minimize risk, to manage liquidity, to provide collateral for borrowings, and to provide additional earnings when loan production is low. The policy dictates that investment decisions take into consideration the safety of principal, liquidity requirements and interest rate risk management. All securities transactions are reported to the Board s Finance and Investment Committee on a monthly basis. Sources of Funds Deposits traditionally have been our primary source of funds for our investment and lending activities. We also are able to borrow from the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB of San Francisco and the Federal Reserve Bank FRB of San Francisco to supplement cash flow needs. Our additional sources of funds are scheduled loan payments, maturing investments, loan repayments, income on other earning assets, and the proceeds of loan sales and securities sales. Interest rates, maturity terms, service fees and withdrawal penalties are established on a periodic basis. Deposit rates and terms are based primarily on current operating strategies and market interest rates, liquidity requirements and our deposit growth goals. On May 11, 2022, the Company completed a private placement offering of 40.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.00 fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due May 15, 2032 Sub Debt due 2032 ). The Company used the net proceeds of the Sub Debt due 2032 for general corporate purposes, including the repayment on June 1, 2022 of the Company s 40.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.25 fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due June 1, 2027 Sub Debt due 2027 ). The Sub Debt due 2032, net of unamortized issuance costs of 650,000, totaled 39.4 million at December 31, 2022, and qualifies as Tier 2 capital for the Company under the guidelines established by the Federal Reserve Bank On May 26, 2017, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of 40.0 million aggregate principal amount of its Sub Debt due 2027. The Sub Debt due 2027 had a fixed interest rate of 5.25 per year through June 1, 2022. On June 1, 2022, the Company completed the redemption of all of its outstanding 40.0 million of Sub Debt due 2027, prior to resetting to a floating rate. The Sub Debt due 2027 was redeemed pursuant to the terms of the Subordinated Indenture, as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, each dated as of May 26, 2017, between the Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, at the redemption price of 100 of its principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest of 1.1 million. Correspondent Banks Correspondent bank deposit accounts are maintained to enable the Company to transact types of activity that it would otherwise be unable to perform or would not be cost effective due to the size of the Company or volume of activity. The Company has utilized several correspondent banks to process a variety of transactions. Competition The banking and financial services business in California generally, and in the Company s market areas specifically, is highly competitive. The industry continues to consolidate and unregulated competitors have entered banking markets with products targeted at highly profitable customer segments. Many larger unregulated competitors are able to compete across geographic boundaries, and provide customers with meaningful alternatives to most significant banking services and products. These consolidation trends are likely to continue. The increasingly competitive 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 environment is a result primarily of changes in regulation, changes in technology and product delivery systems, and the consolidation among financial service providers. With respect to commercial bank competitors, the business is dominated by a relatively small number of major banks that operate a large number of offices within our geographic footprint. For the combined Alameda, Contra Costa, Marin, San Benito, San Francisco, San Mateo, and Santa Clara county region, the seven counties within which the Company operates, the top three institutions are all multi-billion dollar entities with an aggregate of 382 offices that control a combined 59.21 of deposit market share based on June 30, 2022 FDIC market share data. HBC ranks seventeenth with 0.53 share of total deposits based on June 30, 2022 market share data. Larger institutions have, among other advantages, the ability to finance wide-ranging advertising campaigns and to allocate their resources to regions of highest yield and demand. Larger banks are seeking to expand lending to small businesses, which are traditionally community bank customers. They can also offer certain services that we do not offer directly, but may offer indirectly through correspondent institutions. By virtue of their greater total capitalization, these banks also have substantially higher lending limits than we do. For customers whose needs exceed our legal lending limit, we arrange for the sale, or participation, of some of the balances to financial institutions that are not within our geographic footprint. In addition to other large regional banks and local community banks, our competitors include savings institutions, securities and brokerage companies, asset management groups, mortgage banking companies, credit unions, finance and insurance companies, internet-based companies, and money market funds. In recent years, we have also witnessed increased competition from specialized companies that offer wholesale finance, credit card, and other consumer finance services, as well as services that circumvent the banking system by facilitating payments via the internet, wireless devices, prepaid cards, or other means. Technological innovations have lowered traditional barriers of entry and enabled many of these companies to compete in financial services markets. Such innovation has, for example, made it possible for non-depository institutions to offer customers automated transfer payment services that previously were considered traditional banking products. In addition, many customers now expect a choice of delivery channels, including telephone and smart phones, mail, personal computer, ATMs, self-service branches, and/or in-store branches. Strong competition for deposits and loans among financial institutions and non-banks alike affects interest rates and other terms on which financial products are offered to customers. Mergers between financial institutions have placed additional pressure on other banks within the industry to remain competitive by streamlining operations, reducing expenses, and increasing revenues. Competition has also intensified due to Federal and state interstate banking laws enacted in the mid-1990 s, which permit banking organizations to expand into other states. The relatively large and expanding California market has been particularly attractive to out of state institutions. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 has made it possible for full affiliations to occur between banks and securities firms, insurance companies, and other financial companies, and has also intensified competitive conditions. In order to compete with the other financial service providers, the Company principally relies upon community-oriented, personalized service, local promotional activities, personal relationships established by officers, directors, and employees with its customers, and specialized services tailored to meet its customers needs. Our preferred lender status with the Small Business Administration allows us to approve SBA loans faster than many of our competitors. In those instances where the Company is unable to accommodate a customer s needs, the Company seeks to arrange for such loans on a participation basis with other financial institutions or to have those services provided in whole or in part by its correspondent banks. See Item 1 Business Correspondent Banks. HUMAN CAPITAL We strive to be the employer of choice in our markets where every employee has the opportunity to thrive. We deeply believe that employees fuel the success of our Company. To that end, we are fully committed to hiring, developing, promoting and retaining a workforce that shares our value of cultivating a culture of teamwork, diversity, inclusivity and accountability. The ultimate goal is to deepen client and community relationships and deliver an exceptional experience to all whom we serve. In 2022, we had 340 full time equivalent employees (inclusive of 11 part-time employees) with an average tenure of 8 years. Our turnover rate was 19 , and of those, 24 were due to retirement, health reasons or relocation out of our service footprint. We are proud to share that females represent 63 of our workforce and self-identified racial and/or 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 ethnic diverse individuals represent approximately 52 . Of all new hires in 2022 61 were females and 63 were racially and/or ethnically diverse individuals. Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging We codified our Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging DEIB Charter and established an Executive DEIB Steering Committee in 2021. In the summer of 2022, we hired an Executive Vice President and Chief People and Diversity Officer to help the Company further enhance and cultivate a culture of openness, transparency and belonging. Management has been sharing DEIB progress with the Board on a quarterly basis and will continue to do so. The voice of the team is critical to guide the Company to further enhance employee engagement and Company culture. The Chief People and Diversity Officer along with other senior leaders hosted listening sessions offered to all employees, allowing for one-on-one meetings and group conversations. Common themes, strengths and opportunities gathered from employees were summarized and shared with the Senior Executive Operating Committee members and the DEIB Steering Committee. Two top common themes emerged: employees wanted to be more involved with impacting the Company s culture and many desired more DEIB education. We partnered with an external consultancy firm to develop our inaugural Exploring Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging in-person seminar and rolled out the seminar starting with the attendance of our CEO and the executive team in October 2022. By February 2023, 93 of Senior Vice President levels and above attended the seminar and we have a roadmap to have all active employees complete the training by mid-Q2 2023. Understanding DEIB s impact in the workplace, historical events that underline the importance of DEIB, and exploring and interrupting our own negative unconscious biases were some of the key elements immersed in the seminar. Based on feedback from listening sessions, we also created a self-nominated Culture Ambassador Group (akin to employee resource groups for larger organizations) comprised of non-executive employees from various departments and locations. Through self-identification, the Culture Ambassadors represent 73 female and 64 ethnic/racial diversity. Culture Ambassadors serve an important role to work on enterprise initiatives such as creation of corporate values, promoting awareness of various cultures, as well as provide timely and ongoing feedback to the DEIB Steering Committee. They are an important part of our communication vehicle to enhance DEIB initiatives and serve as the go-to person in each market keeping abreast of team sentiments. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Sustainability and Corporate Social Responsibility We relaunched our Heritage Hearts Committee with a mission to source non-profit volunteer and board opportunities for Bank employees across the Bay Area. In 2022, we contributed over 2,000 hours to strengthening our relationship with local nonprofit organizations and more than 45 employees serve on nonprofit boards. Our broad outreach efforts cover a variety of focus areas like economic development, education, health and human services, housing and homelessness, small business support, animal services, environmental, and arts and culture. We continued to expand on existing communication efforts such as our anonymous Ask CEO portal with our CEO, Clay Jones, providing answers and updates during regularly scheduled all-hands meetings. We also encourage employees to submit suggestions through our Big Idea electronic portal. Additionally, several executives host cross-functional focus groups throughout the year to gain better perspectives of what we do well and where we can do better. Talent Development and Succession Planning Our Company s pay for performance compensation philosophy offers all employees the opportunity to earn annual bonuses in addition to base salaries depending on individual and team performance results. We adhere to the new Senate Bill 1162 CA Pay Transparency Regulations on requirements and the spirit behind the bill. We use a balanced performance evaluation approach to assess four core areas: Business Results, Internal/External Client Experience, Teamwork/Leadership and Risk/Compliance/Controls. Throughout the year, employees have the opportunity to participate in a variety of learning and education programs such as attending internal and external seminars/workshops, on-line training courses, panel discussions and trade group conferences to enrich one s own development. Additionally, we offer a generous tuition reimbursement to support employees desire in pursuing higher education degrees. Employees also have the opportunity to earn industry related and/or role related professional certifications and our Company reimburses for classes, materials, test fees, and ongoing required education costs. Each year, we also offer leaders to attend Pacific Coast Banking School as part of their career development plan. We further enhanced our Talent Management and Succession Planning framework that was shared with the Board of Directors which includes ongoing Board governance oversight for CEO and executive officers. We developed a robust Succession Planning roadmap that clearly outlines a plan for unexpected vacancies and a longer term executive talent development plan for executive ranks and key roles. Additionally, we ve embedded a discipline of building a strong 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 external diverse talent pipeline for executive and board seats. The enhanced Succession Planning framework will continue to evolve and will cascade to the non-executive population starting in 2023. Internal career mobility continues to be an important part of employee engagement and development. In 2022, 62 of promotions were females and 58 were racial or ethnically diverse. Additionally, females accounted for 71 of internal transfers and racially or ethnically diverse accounted for 47 . Culture and Conduct Teamwork is not only promoted but celebrated through various recognition programs. One of our most popular programs allow managers to award physical tokens called FOCUS (friendly, outstanding, courteous, unequaled, and service) to individuals to thank them for going above and beyond their responsibilities. At year end, employees exchange their physical tokens for currency. In 2022, 119 employees received token awards. Additionally, we also celebrate anniversary milestones allowing employees to select a gift of their choosing. We pride ourselves for expecting and enforcing nothing less than the highest level of integrity, ethical standards, operational excellence and will always strive do what s right. We continually promote a speak-up culture so our workplace feels welcoming and safe. We expect employees to treat, clients and stakeholders with common courtesy and respect at all times. We take all complaints seriously and promptly investigate concerns. Employees have the ability to report concerns through a variety of channels including their immediate manager, any leader at the company, Human Resources or through our external anonymous complaints hotline. We have a zero tolerance, non-retaliation policy. Health and Safety Our employees are our most valuable resource, and their safety, health, and wellbeing is of paramount to our Company s success. We support the wellness of all colleagues through various programs, including Employee Assistance Program EAP , health seminars, education programs and health club memberships. All employees are eligible to take advantage of our EAP programs which offer counseling services, family support, help on financial and legal issues, and mental health support. We continue to closely monitor the impacts of COVID-19 as the safety of our clients and employees continues to become of paramount priority. We will continue to follow and adhere to COVID-19 safety protocol recommendations from local health officials, Center for Disease Control CDC and Occupational Safety and Health Act OSHA agencies. Supervision and Regulation General Financial institutions, their holding companies and their affiliates are extensively regulated under U.S. federal and state law. As a result, the growth and earnings performance of the Company and its subsidiaries may be affected not only by management decisions and general economic conditions, but also by the requirements of federal and state statutes and by the regulations and policies of various bank regulatory agencies, including the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation DFPI ), the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 CFPB ). Furthermore, tax laws administered by the Internal Revenue Service and state taxing authorities, accounting rules developed by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), securities laws administered by the SEC and state securities authorities, and anti-money laundering laws enforced by the Treasury have an impact on our business. These statutes, regulations, regulatory policies and rules are significant to the financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, including HBC. The nature and extent of future legislative, regulatory or other changes affecting financial institutions are impossible to predict with any certainty. Federal and state banking laws impose a comprehensive system of supervision, regulation and enforcement on the operations of financial institutions, their holding companies and affiliates intended primarily for the protection of the FDIC-insured deposits and depositors of banks, rather than their shareholders. These federal and state laws, and the related regulations of the bank regulatory agencies, affect, among other things, the scope of business, the kinds and amounts of investments banks and bank holding companies may make, their reserve requirements, capital levels relative to operations, the nature and amount of collateral for loans, the establishment of branches, the ability to merge, consolidate and acquire, dealings with insiders and affiliates and the payment of dividends. This supervisory and regulatory framework subjects banks and bank holding companies to regular examination by their respective regulatory agencies, which results in examination reports and ratings that, while not publicly available, can affect the conduct and growth of their businesses. These examinations consider not only compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but also capital levels, asset quality and risk, management ability and performance, earnings, liquidity, and various other factors. The regulatory agencies generally have broad discretion to impose restrictions and limitations on the operations of a regulated entity where the agencies determine, among other things, that such operations are unsafe or unsound, fail to comply with applicable law or are otherwise inconsistent with laws and regulations or with the supervisory policies of these agencies. The following is a summary of the material elements of the supervisory and regulatory framework applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries, including HBC. It does not describe all of the statutes, regulations and regulatory policies that apply, nor does it restate all of the requirements of those that are described. The descriptions are qualified in their entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provision. Financial Regulatory Reform Legislation and regulations enacted and implemented since 2008 in response to the U.S. economic downturn and financial industry instability continue to impact most institutions in the banking sector. Many of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank ), which was enacted in 2010, have affected our operations and expenses, including but not limited to changes in FDIC assessments, the permitted payment of interest on demand deposits, and enhanced compliance requirements. Some of the Dodd-Frank rules and regulations will apply directly only to institutions much larger than ours, but could indirectly impact smaller banks, either due to competitive influences or because certain practices required for larger institutions may subsequently become expected best practices for smaller institutions. We could see continued attention and resources devoted by the Company to ensure compliance with the statutory and regulatory requirements engendered by Dodd-Frank. Regulatory Capital Requirements The Company and HBC are subject to a comprehensive capital framework (the Capital Rules adopted by Federal banking regulators (including the Federal Reserve and the FDIC). The Capital Rules implement the Basel III framework for strengthening the regulation, supervision and risk management of banks, as well as certain provisions of Dodd-Frank. The Capital Rules generally recognize three components, or tiers, of capital: common equity Tier 1 capital, additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital. Common equity Tier 1 capital generally consists of retained earnings and common stock instruments (subject to certain adjustments), as well as accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI except to the extent that the Company and HBC exercise a one-time irrevocable option to exclude certain components of AOCI. Both the Company and HBC made this election in 2015. Additional Tier 1 capital generally includes non-cumulative preferred stock and related surplus subject to certain adjustments and limitations. Tier 2 capital generally includes certain capital instruments (such as subordinated debt) and portions of the amounts of the allowance for credit losses, subject to certain requirements and deductions. The term Tier 1 capital means common equity Tier 1 capital plus additional Tier 1 capital, and the term total capital means Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 The Capital Rules generally measure an institution s capital using four capital measures or ratios. The common equity Tier 1 capital ratio is the ratio of the institution s common equity Tier 1 capital to its total risk-weighted assets. The Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio is the ratio of the institution s Tier 1 capital to its total risk-weighted assets. The total risk-based capital ratio is the ratio of the institution s total capital to its total risk-weighted assets. The Tier 1 leverage ratio is the ratio of the institution s Tier 1 capital to its average total consolidated assets. To determine risk-weighted assets, assets of an institution are generally placed into a risk category as prescribed by the regulations and given a percentage weight based on the relative risk of that category. An asset s risk-weighted value will generally be its percentage weight multiplied by the asset s value as determined under generally accepted accounting principles. In addition, certain off-balance-sheet items are converted to balance-sheet credit equivalent amounts, and each amount is then assigned to one of the risk categories. An institution s federal regulator may require the institution to hold more capital than would otherwise be required under the Capital Rules if the regulator determines that the institution s capital requirements under the Capital Rules are not commensurate with the institution s credit, market, operational or other risks. To be adequately capitalized, both the Company and HBC are required to have a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 4.5 or more, a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4.0 or more, a Tier 1 risk-based ratio of 6.0 or more and a total risk-based ratio of 8.0 or more. In addition to the preceding requirements, both the Company and HBC are required to maintain a conservation buffer consisting of common equity Tier 1 capital, which is at least 2.5 above each of the required minimum levels. An institution that does not meet the conservation buffer will be subject to restrictions on certain activities including payment of dividends, stock repurchases and discretionary bonuses to executive officers. The Capital Rules set forth the manner in which certain capital elements are determined, including but not limited to, requiring certain deductions related to mortgage servicing rights and deferred tax assets. The Capital Rules also prescribe the methods for calculating certain risk-based assets and risk-based ratios. Higher or more sensitive risk weights are assigned to various categories of assets, among which are credit facilities that finance the acquisition, development or construction of real property, certain exposures or credits that are 90 days past due or are nonaccrual, foreign exposures, certain corporate exposures, securitization exposures, equity exposures and in certain cases mortgage servicing rights and deferred tax assets. Heritage Commerce Corp General . As a bank holding company, HCC is subject to regulation, supervision and periodic examination by the Federal Reserve under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA ). HCC is required to file with the Federal Reserve periodic reports of its operations and such additional information as the Federal Reserve may require. In accordance with Federal Reserve laws and regulations, HCC is required to act as a source of financial strength to HBC and to commit resources to support HBC in circumstances where HCC might not otherwise do so. HCC is also a bank holding company within the meaning of Section 1280 of the California Financial Code. Consequently, HCC is subject to examination by, and may be required to file reports with, the DFPI. SEC and NASDAQ. HCC s stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market (under the trading symbol HTBK ), and HCC is subject to rules and regulations of The NASDAQ Stock Market, including those related to corporate governance. HCC is also subject to the periodic reporting requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which requires HCC to file annual, quarterly and other current reports with the SEC. HCC is subject to additional regulations including, but not limited to, the proxy and tender offer rules promulgated by the SEC under Sections 13 and 14 of the Exchange Act, the reporting requirements of directors, executive officers and principal shareholders regarding transactions in HCC s common stock and short swing profits rules promulgated by the SEC under Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and certain additional reporting requirements by principal shareholders of HCC promulgated by the SEC under Section 13 of the Exchange Act. The Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 . HCC is subject to the accounting oversight and corporate governance requirements of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). These include, among others: (i) required executive certification of financial presentations; (ii) increased requirements for board audit committees and their members; (iii) enhanced disclosure of controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting; (iv) 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 enhanced controls over and reporting of insider trading; and (v) increased penalties for financial crimes and forfeiture of executive bonuses in certain circumstances. Permitted Activities . The BHCA generally prohibits HCC from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any company that is not a bank and from engaging in any business other than that of banking, managing and controlling banks or furnishing services to banks and their subsidiaries. This general prohibition is subject to a number of exceptions. The principal exception allows bank holding companies to engage in, and to own shares of companies engaged in, certain businesses found by the Federal Reserve prior to November 11, 1999 to be so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident thereto. This authority would permit HCC to engage in a variety of banking-related businesses, including the ownership and operation of a savings association, or any entity engaged in consumer finance, equipment leasing, the operation of a computer service bureau (including software development) and mortgage banking and brokerage. The BHCA generally does not place territorial restrictions on the domestic activities of nonbank subsidiaries of bank holding companies. The Federal Reserve has the power to order any bank holding company or its subsidiaries to terminate any activity or to terminate its ownership or control of any subsidiary when the Federal Reserve has reasonable grounds to believe that continuing such activity, ownership or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial soundness, safety or stability of any bank subsidiary of the bank holding company. Bank holding companies that meet certain qualifications and elect to be treated as financial holding companies may engage in, and affiliate with financial companies engaging in, a broader range of activities than would otherwise be permitted for a bank holding company, including activities that the Federal Reserve deems to be financial in nature or incidental or complementary to activities that are financial in nature. Financial in nature activities include securities underwriting, dealing and market making; sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies; insurance underwriting and sales; merchant banking; and other activities that the Federal Reserve, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, determines to be financial in nature or incidental to such financial activity. Complementary activities are activities that the Federal Reserve determines upon application to be complementary to a financial activity and that do not pose a safety and soundness risk. HCC has not elected to be a financial holding company, and we have not engaged in any activities determined by the Federal Reserve to be financial in nature or incidental or complementary to activities that are financial in nature. Capital Requirements . Bank holding companies are required to maintain capital in accordance with Federal Reserve capital adequacy requirements, as affected by Dodd-Frank and Basel III. For a discussion of capital requirements, see Regulatory Capital Requirements above. Source of Strength Doctrine . Federal Reserve policy historically required bank holding companies to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to their subsidiary banks. Dodd-Frank codified this policy as a statutory requirement. HCC is required to act as a source of strength to HBC and to commit capital and financial resources to support HBC, including at times when HCC may not be in a financial position to do so. HCC must stand ready to use its available resources to provide adequate capital to HBC during periods of financial stress or adversity. HCC must also maintain the financial flexibility and capital raising capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting HBC. HCC s failure to meet its source of strength obligations may constitute an unsafe and unsound practice, a violation of the Federal Reserve s regulations, or both. The source of strength doctrine most directly affects bank holding companies whose subsidiary bank fails to maintain adequate capital levels. In such situation, the subsidiary bank will be required by the bank s federal regulator to take prompt corrective action. Any capital loans by a bank holding company to its subsidiary bank are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to certain other indebtedness of the bank. In the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, its commitment to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of its subsidiary bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to priority of payment. Dividend Payments, Stock Redemptions and Repurchases . HCC s ability to pay dividends to its shareholders is affected by both general corporate law considerations and the policies of the Federal Reserve applicable to bank holding companies. As a general matter, the Federal Reserve has indicated that the board of directors of a bank holding company should eliminate, defer or significantly reduce dividends to shareholders if: (i) the bank holding company s net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends; (ii) the prospective rate of earnings retention is inconsistent with the bank holding company s capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition; or (iii) the bank holding company will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. Failure to adhere to these policies could cause 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 the Federal Reserve to prohibit or limit the payment of dividends by the banking organization because doing so would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice in light of the financial condition of the banking organization. In addition, under the Capital Rules, institutions that seek to pay dividends must maintain 2.5 in common equity Tier 1 capital attributable to the capital conservation buffer. See Supervision and Regulation Regulatory Capital Requirements. Subject to exceptions for well-capitalized and well-managed bank holding companies, Federal Reserve regulations also require approval of bank holding company purchases and redemptions of its securities if the gross consideration paid exceeds 10 percent of consolidated net worth for any 12-month period. In addition, under Federal Reserve policies, bank holding companies must consult with and inform the Federal Reserve in advance of (i) redeeming or repurchasing capital instruments when experiencing financial weakness and (ii) redeeming or repurchasing common stock and perpetual preferred stock if the result will be a net reduction in the amount of such capital instruments outstanding for the quarter in which the reduction occurs. As a California corporation, HCC is subject to the limitations of California law, which allows a corporation to distribute cash or property to shareholders, including a dividend or repurchase or redemption of shares, if the corporation meets either a retained earnings test or a balance sheet test. Under the retained earnings test, HCC may make a distribution from retained earnings to the extent that its retained earnings exceed the sum of (i) the amount of the distribution plus (ii) the amount, if any, of dividends in arrears on shares with preferential dividend rights. HCC may also make a distribution under the balance sheet test if, immediately after the distribution, the value of its assets equals or exceeds the sum of (i) its total liabilities plus (ii) the liquidation preference of any shares which have a preference upon dissolution over the rights of shareholders receiving the distribution. Indebtedness is not considered a liability if the terms of such indebtedness provide that payment of principal and interest thereon are to be made only if, and to the extent that, a distribution to shareholders could be made under the balance sheet test. In addition, HCC may not make distributions if it is, or as a result of the distribution would be, likely to be unable to meet its liabilities (except those whose payment is otherwise adequately provided for) as they mature. A California corporation may specify in its articles of incorporation that distributions under the retained earnings test or balance sheet test can be made without regard to the preferential rights amount. HCC s articles of incorporation do not address distributions under either the retained earnings test or the balance sheet test. Acquisitions, Activities and Change in Control . The BHCA generally requires the prior approval by the Federal Reserve for any merger involving a bank holding company, any bank holding company s acquisition of more than 5 of a class of voting securities of an unaffiliated bank or bank holding company, or acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of a bank or bank holding company. In reviewing applications seeking approval of merger and acquisition transactions, the Federal Reserve considers, among other things, the competitive effect and public benefits of the transactions, the capital position and managerial resources of the combined organization, the risks to the stability of the U.S. banking or financial system, the convenience and needs of the communities to be served, including the applicant s performance record under the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977, as amended (the CRA ), compliance with fair housing and other consumer protection laws, and the effectiveness in combating money laundering activities. In addition, failure to implement or maintain adequate compliance programs could cause bank regulators not to approve an acquisition where regulatory approval is required or to prohibit an acquisition even if approval is not required. Subject to certain conditions (including deposit concentration limits established by the BHCA and Dodd-Frank), the Federal Reserve may allow a bank holding company to acquire banks located in any state of the United States. In approving interstate acquisitions, the Federal Reserve is required to give effect to applicable state law limitations on the aggregate amount of deposits that may be held by the acquiring bank holding company and its insured depository institution affiliates in the state in which the target bank is located (provided that those limits do not discriminate against out-of-state depository institutions or their holding companies) and state laws that require that the target bank have been in existence for a minimum period of time (not to exceed five years) before being acquired by an out-of-state bank holding company. Furthermore, in accordance with Dodd-Frank, bank holding companies must be well-capitalized and well-managed in order to complete interstate mergers or acquisitions. For a discussion of the capital requirements, see Regulatory Capital Requirements above. The FDIC and the U.S. Department of Justice s Antitrust Division recently sought public comment on their bank merger review guidelines, which suggests that the analytical framework that has guided the regulatory review of bank mergers or the manner in which the regulatory standards apply may change. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Federal law also prohibits any person or company from acquiring control of an FDIC-insured depository institution or its holding company without prior notice to the appropriate federal bank regulator. The Federal Reserve applies a tiered framework of presumptions for determining control of a banking organization under the BHCA, where the level of voting share ownership is assessed in combination with relationship-based factors to determine whether control exists. Control is conclusively presumed to exist upon the acquisition of 25 or more of the outstanding voting securities of a bank or bank holding company, but may arise under certain circumstances between 5 and 24.99 ownership. Under the California Financial Code, any proposed acquisition of control of HBC must be approved by the Commissioner of the DFPI. The California Financial Code defines control as the power, directly or indirectly, to direct HBC s management or policies or to vote 25 or more of any class of HBC s outstanding voting securities. Additionally, a rebuttable presumption of control arises when any person (including a company) seeks to acquire, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of any class of HBC s outstanding voting securities. Heritage Bank of Commerce General . HBC is a California state-chartered commercial bank that is a member of the Federal Reserve System and whose deposits are insured by the FDIC. HBC is subject to regulation, supervision, and regular examination by the DFPI and the Federal Reserve as HBC s primary federal regulator. The regulations of these agencies govern most aspects of a bank s business. Pursuant to the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (the FDIA ), and the California Financial Code, California state chartered commercial banks may generally engage in any activity permissible for national banks. Therefore, HBC may form subsidiaries to engage in the many so called closely related to banking or nonbanking activities commonly conducted by national banks in operating subsidiaries or subsidiaries of bank holding companies. Further, California banks may conduct certain financial activities in a subsidiary to the same extent as a national bank may, provided the bank is and remains well capitalized, well managed and in satisfactory compliance with the CRA. HBC is a member of the FHLB of San Francisco. Among other benefits, each FHLB serves as a reserve or central bank for its members within its assigned region and makes available loans or advances to its members. Each FHLB is financed primarily from the sale of consolidated obligations of the FHLB system. As an FHLB member, HBC is required to own a certain amount of capital stock in the FHLB. As of December 31, 2022, HBC was in compliance with the FHLB s stock ownership requirement. FHLB stock is carried at cost and classified as a restricted security. Both cash and stock dividends are reported as income. HBC is a member of the FRB of San Francisco. As a member of the FRB, the Bank is required to own stock in the FRB of San Francisco based on a specified ratio relative to our capital. FRB stock is carried at cost and may be sold back to the FRB at its carrying value. Both cash and stock dividends received are reported as income. Depositor Preference . In the event of the liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, the claims of depositors of the institution, including the claims of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors, and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver, will have priority over other general unsecured claims against the institution. If an insured depository institution fails, insured and uninsured depositors along with the FDIC, will have priority in payment ahead of unsecured, non-deposit creditors including the parent bank holding company with respect to any extensions of credit they have made to such insured depository institution. Brokered Deposit Restrictions . Well capitalized institutions are not subject to limitations on brokered deposits, while an adequately capitalized institution is able to accept, renew or roll over brokered deposits only with a waiver from the FDIC and subject to certain restrictions on the yield paid on such deposits. Undercapitalized institutions are generally not permitted to accept, renew, or roll over brokered deposits. As of December 31, 2022, HBC was eligible to accept brokered deposits without limitations. Loans to One Borrower . With certain limited exceptions, the maximum amount that a California bank may lend to any borrower at any one time (including the obligations to the bank of certain related entities of the borrower) may not exceed 25 (and unsecured loans may not exceed 15 of the bank s shareholders equity, allowance for credit losses on loans, and any capital notes and debentures of the bank. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Tie in Arrangements . Federal law prohibits a bank holding company and any subsidiary banks from engaging in certain tie in arrangements in connection with the extension of credit. For example, HBC may not extend credit, lease or sell property, furnish any services, fix or vary the consideration for any of the foregoing on the condition that: (i) the customer must obtain or provide some additional credit, property or services from or to HBC other than a loan, discount, deposit or trust services; (ii) the customer must obtain or provide some additional credit, property or service from or to HCC or HBC; or (iii) the customer must not obtain some other credit, property or services from competitors, except reasonable requirements to assure soundness of credit extended. Deposit Insurance . HBC is a member of the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF administered by the FDIC, which insures customer deposit accounts. The amount of federal deposit insurance coverage is 250,000 per depositor, for each account ownership category at each depository institution. The 250,000 amount is subject to periodic adjustments. In order to maintain the DIF, member institutions are assessed insurance premiums based on an insured institution s average consolidated total assets less its average tangible equity capital. Each institution is provided an assessment rate, which is generally based on the risk that the institution presents to the DIF. Institutions with less than 10 billion in assets generally have an assessment rate that can range from 1.5 to 30 basis points. However, the FDIC has flexibility to adopt assessment rates without additional rule-making provided that the total base assessment rate increase or decrease does not exceed 2 basis points. In October 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule to increase initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by 2 basis points, beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. Supervisory Assessments . California-chartered banks are required to pay supervisory assessments to the DFPI to fund its operations. The amount of the assessment paid by a California bank to the DFPI is calculated on the basis of the institution s total assets, including consolidated subsidiaries, as reported to the DFPI. During the year ended December 31, 2022, HBC paid supervisory assessments to the DFPI totaling 324,000. Capital Requirements . Banks are generally required to maintain capital levels in excess of other businesses. For a discussion of capital requirements, see Regulatory Capital Requirements. Prompt Corrective Action Regulations . The FDIA establishes a framework for regulation of insured depository institutions by federal banking regulators. As part of that framework, federal banking regulators are required to take prompt corrective action with respect to any FDIC-insured depository institutions that do not meet certain capital adequacy standards. Supervisory actions under the prompt corrective action rules generally depend upon an institution s classification within five capital categories, under which a bank is classified as: well capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or more, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or more, a common equity Tier 1 risk-based ratio of 6.5 or more, and a leverage capital ratio of 5.0 or more, and is not subject to any written agreement, order or capital directive to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure; adequately capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or more, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or more, a common equity Tier 1 risk-based ratio of 4.5 or more, and a leverage capital ratio of 4.0 or more; undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio less than 8.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio less than 6.0 , a common equity risk-based ratio less than 4.5 or a leverage capital ratio less than 4.0 ; significantly undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio less than 6.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio less than 4.0 , a common equity risk-based ratio less than 3.0 or a leverage capital ratio less than 3.0 ; or critically undercapitalized if it has a ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0 . 
 A bank that, based upon its capital levels, is classified as well capitalized, adequately capitalized or undercapitalized may be treated as though it were in the next lower capital category if the appropriate federal banking 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 agency, after notice and opportunity for a hearing, determines that an unsafe or unsound condition, or an unsafe or unsound practice, warrants such treatment. An institution that fails to remain well-capitalized becomes subject to a series of restrictions that increase in severity as its capital condition weakens. At each successive lower capital category, an insured bank is subject to increasingly severe supervisory actions. These actions include, but are not limited to, restrictions on asset growth, interest rates paid on deposits, branching, allowable transactions with affiliates, ability to pay bonuses and raises to senior executives and pursuing new lines of business. Additionally, all undercapitalized banks are required to implement capital restoration plans to restore capital to at least the adequately capitalized level, and the FDIC is generally required to close critically undercapitalized banks within a 90-day period. HBC meets the definition of a well capitalized institution. Dividend Payments . The primary source of funds for HCC is dividends from HBC. Under the California Financial Code, HBC is permitted to pay a dividend in the following circumstances: (i) without the consent of either the DFPI or HBC s shareholders, in an amount not exceeding the lesser of (a) the retained earnings of HBC; or (b) the net income of HBC for its last three fiscal years, less the amount of any distributions made during the prior period; (ii) with the prior approval of the DFPI, in an amount not exceeding the greatest of: (a) the retained earnings of HBC; (b) the net income of HBC for its last fiscal year; or (c) the net income for HBC for its current fiscal year; and (iii) with the prior approval of the DFPI and HBC s shareholders (i.e., HCC) in connection with a reduction of its contributed capital. The payment of dividends by any financial institution is affected by the requirement to maintain adequate capital pursuant to applicable capital adequacy guidelines and regulations, and a financial institution generally is prohibited from paying any dividends if, following payment thereof, the institution would be undercapitalized. In addition, in order to pay a dividend, the Capital Rules generally require that a financial institution must maintain over a 2.5 in common equity tier 1 capital attributable to the Capital Conservation Buffer. See Regulatory Capital Requirements. As described above, HBC exceeded its minimum capital requirements under applicable regulatory guidelines as of December 31, 2022. Transactions with Affiliates . Transactions between depository institutions and their affiliates, including transactions between HBC and HCC, are governed by Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Reserve s Regulation W. Generally, Section 23A limits the extent to which a depository institution and its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions with any one affiliate to an amount equal to 10 of the depository institution s capital stock and surplus. It further limits transactions with all affiliates in the aggregate to an amount equal to 20 of the depository institution s capital stock and surplus. Section 23A also establishes specific collateral requirements for loans or extensions of credit to, or guarantees, acceptances or letters of credit issued on behalf of, an affiliate. Section 23B requires that covered transactions and a broad list of other specified transactions be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the depository institution and its subsidiaries, as those for similar transactions with non-affiliates. Loans to Directors, Executive Officers and Principal Shareholders . The authority of HBC to extend credit to its directors, executive officers and principal shareholders, including their immediate family members and corporations and other entities that they control, is subject to substantial restrictions and requirements under the Federal Reserve s Regulation O, as well as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. These laws and regulations impose limits on the amount of loans HBC may make to directors and other insiders. A violation of these restrictions may result in the assessment of substantial civil monetary penalties on the affected bank or any officer, director, employee, agent or other person participating in the conduct of the affairs of that bank, the imposition of a cease and desist order, and other regulatory sanctions. Standards for Safety and Soundness . The federal banking regulatory agencies adopted regulations that set forth guidelines for all insured depository institutions prescribing safety and soundness standards. These guidelines establish general standards for internal controls, information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate risk exposure, asset growth, asset quality, earnings standards, compensation, fees and benefits. In general, the guidelines require appropriate systems and practices to identify and manage the risks and exposures specified in the guidelines before capital becomes impaired. The guidelines prohibit excessive compensation as an unsafe and unsound practice and describe compensation as excessive when the amounts paid are unreasonable or disproportionate to the services performed by an executive officer, employee, director, or principal shareholder. Each insured depository institution must implement a comprehensive written information security program that includes administrative, technical and physical safeguards appropriate to the institution s size and complexity and the 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 nature and scope of its activities. The information security program also must be designed to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer information, protect against any unanticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information, protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any customer and ensure the proper disposal of customer and consumer information. Each insured depository institution must also develop and implement a risk-based response program to address incidents of unauthorized access to customer information in customer information systems. If the FDIC determines that HBC fails to meet any standard prescribed by the guidelines, it may be required to submit an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard. Risk Management . Bank regulatory agencies have increasingly emphasized the importance of sound risk management processes and strong internal controls when evaluating the activities of the financial institutions they supervise. Properly managing risks has been identified as critical to the conduct of safe and sound banking activities and has become even more important as new technologies, product innovation, and the size and speed of financial transactions have changed the nature of banking markets. The agencies have identified a spectrum of risks facing a banking institution including, but not limited to, credit, market, liquidity, operational, legal, and reputational risk. In particular, recent regulatory pronouncements have focused on operational risk, which arises from the potential that inadequate information systems, operational problems, breaches in internal controls, fraud, or unforeseen catastrophes will result in unexpected losses. New products and services, third-party risk management and cybersecurity are critical sources of operational risk that financial institutions are expected to address in the current environment. HBC is expected to have active board and senior management oversight; adequate policies, procedures, and limits; adequate risk measurement, monitoring, and management information systems; and comprehensive internal controls. Branching Authority . California banks, such as HBC, may, under California law, establish a banking office so long as the bank s board of directors approves the banking office and the DFPI is notified of the establishment of the banking office. Deposit-taking banking offices must be approved by the FDIC, which considers a number of factors, including financial history, capital adequacy, earnings prospects, character of management, needs of the community and consistency with corporate power. Dodd-Frank permits insured state banks to engage in de novo interstate branching if the laws of the state where the new banking office is to be established would permit the establishment of the banking office if it were chartered by such state. Finally, we may also establish banking offices in other states by merging with banks or by purchasing banking offices of other banks in other states, subject to certain regulatory restrictions. Community Reinvestment Act CRA . The CRA is intended to encourage insured depository institutions, while operating safely and soundly, to help meet the credit needs of their communities. The CRA specifically directs the federal bank regulatory agencies, in examining insured depository institutions, to assess their record of helping to meet the credit needs of their entire community, including low and moderate income neighborhoods, consistent with safe and sound banking practices. The CRA further requires the agencies to take a financial institution s record of meeting its community credit needs into account when evaluating applications for, among other things, domestic branches, consummating mergers or acquisitions or holding company formations. The federal banking agencies have adopted regulations which measure a bank s compliance with its CRA obligations on a performance based evaluation system. The current system bases CRA ratings on an institution s actual lending service and investment performance rather than the extent to which the institution conducts needs assessments, documents community outreach or complies with other procedural requirements. The ratings range from outstanding to a low of substantial noncompliance. HBC had a CRA rating of satisfactory as of its most recent regulatory examination. In May 2022, the Federal Reserve, along with the FDIC and the OCC, issued proposed amendments to modernize the CRA regulatory framework, partly to address changes that have occurred due to the rise in digital banking. Some of the key proposed revisions include clarification of eligible community development activities, adjustments to requirements and eligibility of activities outside of facility-based assessment areas, and new testing structures and data collection requirements, particularly for the largest banks. Anti-Money Laundering and Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation . We are subject to federal laws aiming to counter money laundering and terrorist financing, as well as transactions with persons, companies and foreign governments sanctioned by the United States. These laws include the PATRIOT Act, the Bank Secrecy Act BSA ), and the Anti-Money Laundering Act AMLA ), among others. The PATRIOT Act is designed to deny terrorists and criminals the ability to obtain access to the U.S. financial system and has significant implications for depository institutions, brokers, 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 dealers and other businesses involved in the transfer of money. The PATRIOT Act mandates financial services companies to have policies and procedures with respect to measures designed to address any or all of the following matters: (i) customer identification programs; (ii) money laundering; (iii) terrorist financing; (iv) identifying and reporting suspicious activities and currency transactions; (v) currency crimes; and (vi) cooperation between financial institutions and law enforcement authorities. Regulatory authorities routinely examine financial institutions for compliance with these obligations, and failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. Regulatory authorities have imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be violating these obligations. In January 2021, a comprehensive reform and modernization to U.S. bank secrecy and anti-money laundering laws was adopted, part of which was the adoption of AMLA. Among other things, it codified a risk-based approach to anti-money laundering compliance for financial institutions. AMLA requires financial institutions to develop standards for evaluating technology and internal processes for BSA compliance, expands enforcement-related and investigation-related authority, institutes BSA whistleblower initiatives and protections, and increases sanctions for certain BSA violations. Adopted as part of the 2021 revisions of the anti-money laundering laws, the Corporate Transparency Act (the CTA requires the creation of a national registry of beneficial ownership information. When the final CTA rules go into effect in 2024, they may impact the AMLA/BSA procedures and reporting requirements of financial institutions. HBC has established policies and procedures that it believes comply with these requirements. Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes under authority of various laws, including designated foreign countries, nationals and others. OFAC publishes lists of specially designated targets and countries. Financial institutions are responsible for, among other things, blocking accounts of and transactions with such targets and countries, prohibiting unlicensed trade and financial transactions with them and reporting blocked transactions after their occurrence. Banking regulators examine banks for compliance with the economic sanctions regulations administered by OFAC. Failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate OFAC programs, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution. Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate . Concentration risk exists when a financial institution deploys too many assets to a specific industry or segment of the economy with the potential to produce losses large enough to threaten the financial institution s health. Concentration stemming from commercial real estate CRE is one area of regulatory concern. Regulatory guidance provides supervisory criteria, including the following numerical indicators, to assist bank examiners in identifying banks with potentially significant CRE loan concentrations that may warrant greater supervisory scrutiny: (i) CRE loans exceeding 300 of capital and increasing 50 or more in the preceding three years; or (ii) construction and land development loans exceeding 100 of capital. The guidance does not limit banks levels of CRE lending activities, but rather guides institutions in developing risk management practices and levels of capital that are commensurate with the level and nature of their CRE concentrations. As of December 31, 2022, using regulatory definitions in the CRE Concentration Guidance, our CRE loans represented 295 of HBC total risk-based capital, as compared to 284 as of December 31, 2021. If the regulatory agencies become concerned about our CRE loan concentrations, it could limit our ability to grow by restricting approvals for the establishment or acquisition of branches, or approvals of mergers or other acquisition opportunities. Consumer Financial Services . We are subject to a number of federal and state consumer protection laws that extensively govern our relationship with our customers. These laws include, among others, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Service Members Civil Relief Act, the Military Lending Act, and these laws respective state law counterparts, as well as state usury laws and laws regarding unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices UDAAP ). The consumer protection laws applicable to us, among other things, require disclosures of the cost of credit and terms of deposit accounts, provide substantive consumer rights, prohibit discrimination in credit transactions, regulate the use of credit report information, provide financial privacy protections, 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 prohibit UDAAP practices, restrict our ability to raise interest rates and subject us to substantial regulatory oversight. Many states and local jurisdictions have consumer protection laws analogous to those listed above. Violations of applicable consumer protection laws can result in significant potential liability from litigation brought by customers, including actual and statutory damages, restitution and attorneys fees. Federal bank regulators, state attorneys general, and state and local consumer protection agencies may also seek to enforce consumer protection requirements and obtain these and other remedies, including regulatory sanctions, customer rescission rights, and civil money penalties. Non-compliance with consumer protection requirements may also result in our failure to obtain any required bank regulatory approval for merger or acquisition transactions we may wish to pursue or prohibition from engaging in such transactions even if approval is not required. The consumer protection provisions of Dodd-Frank and the examination, supervision and enforcement of those laws and implementing regulations by the CFPB have created a more intense and complex environment for consumer finance regulation. The CFPB has significant authority to implement and enforce federal consumer protection laws and new requirements for financial services products provided for in Dodd-Frank, as well as the authority to identify and prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices. The CFPB rulemaking and enforcement activities could also result in increased costs related to regulatory oversight, supervision and examination, additional remediation efforts and possible penalties. The CFPB has examination and enforcement authority over financial institutions with more than 10 billion in total consolidated assets. Banks with 10 billion or less in total consolidated assets, like HBC, will continue to be examined by their applicable bank regulators. In California, the DFPI is given broad jurisdiction and sweeping authority that closely resemble those of the CFPB. The DFPI stated that it intends to exercise its powers to protect consumers from unlawful, unfair, deceptive, and abusive practices in connection with consumer financial products or services. The DFPI also as a matter of state law can now enforce Dodd-Frank s UDAAP provisions against any person offering or providing consumer financial products in the state of California. While financial institutions licensed under federal or another state law, such as banks, are excluded from the scope of the laws granting the DFPI such authority, financial institutions in California are likely to be faced with a powerful state financial services regulatory regime with expansive enforcement authority. It is unclear how the DFPI and its broad enforcement activities will affect us going forward. Financial Privacy. The federal bank regulatory agencies have adopted rules that limit the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose non-public information about consumers to non-affiliated third parties. These limitations require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to a non-affiliated third party. These regulations affect how consumer information is transmitted through financial services companies and conveyed to outside vendors. In addition, consumers may also prevent disclosure of certain information among affiliated companies that is assembled or used to determine eligibility for a product or service, such as that shown on consumer credit reports and asset and income information from applications. Consumers also have the option to direct banks and other financial institutions not to share information about transactions and experiences with affiliated companies for the purpose of marketing products or services. The CFPB is expected to embark on rulemaking about consumer control over their financial data. California is also actively enacting legislation relating to data privacy and data protection, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ). The CCPA granted California consumers robust data privacy rights and control over their personal information, including the right to know, the right to delete, and the right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information. The CCPA was further expanded by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA ), which provides additional privacy rights to California residents and creates a new agency tasked with implementing regulations and conducting investigations and enforcement actions. The CPRA became effective on January 1, 2023. Cybersecurity. The federal bank regulatory agencies have issued multiple statements regarding cybersecurity. This guidance requires financial institutions to design multiple layers of security controls to establish lines of defense and ensure that their risk management processes address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials and include security measures to authenticate customers accessing internet-based services of the financial institution. The management of a financial institution is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of operations in the event of a cyber-attack. A financial institution is also expected to develop appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and business operations and address rebuilding network 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 capabilities and restoring data if the institution or its critical service providers fall victim to a cyber-attack. If we fail to observe the regulatory guidance, we could be subject to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties. As of May 1, 2022, financial institutions are required to comply with the final rule issued by the federal bank regulatory agencies to improve sharing of information about cyber incidents that may affect the U.S. banking system. The rule requires financial institutions to notify their primary federal regulator of any significant computer-security incidents as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after they determine that a cyber-incident occurred. Notification is required for incidents that have materially affected (or are reasonably likely to materially affect) the viability of a financial institution s operations, its ability to deliver banking products and services, or the stability of the financial sector. We do not anticipate this rule to have a material impact on the operations of HCC and HBC at this time. State regulators have also been increasingly active in implementing privacy and cybersecurity standards and regulations. Recently, several states, notably including California where we conduct substantially all our banking business, have adopted laws and/or regulations requiring certain financial institutions to implement cybersecurity programs and providing detailed requirements with respect to these programs, including data encryption requirements. Many such states (including California) have also recently implemented or modified their data breach notification and data privacy requirements. We expect this trend of state-level activity in those areas to continue, and we continue to monitor relevant legislative and regulatory developments in California where nearly all our customers are located. Incentive Compensation . Dodd-Frank requires the federal banking agencies and the SEC to establish joint regulations or guidelines prohibiting incentive-based payment arrangements at regulated entities with at least 1 billion in total consolidated assets that encourage inappropriate risks by providing an executive officer, employee, director, or principal shareholder with excessive compensation, fees, or benefits that could lead to material financial loss to the entity. In August 2022, the SEC finalized the pay versus performance regulations, which require disclosure of information that shows the relationship between executive compensation actually paid and the company s financial performance in annual proxy statements. The pay versus performance regulations are effective for fiscal years ending on or after December 16, 2022. Smaller reporting companies are subject to scaled reporting mechanism, and certain companies are exempt from the regulations. In October 2022, the SEC adopted final rules on clawback of executive compensation, which direct the stock exchanges to establish listing standards requiring listed companies to develop and implement a policy providing for the recovery of erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation received by current or former executive officers. Under the new rules, companies will have to recover compensation in excess of what the executive officer should have received in the event the companies financials are restated due to material noncompliance with securities laws. The rules apply to compensation paid in the three years leading up to restatement. Enforcement Powers of Federal and State Banking Agencies. The federal bank regulatory agencies have broad enforcement powers, including the power to terminate deposit insurance, impose substantial fines and other civil and criminal penalties, and appoint a conservator or receiver for financial institutions. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us and our officers and directors to administrative sanctions and potentially substantial civil money penalties. The DFPI also has broad enforcement powers over us, including the power to impose orders, remove officers and directors, impose fines and appoint supervisors and conservators. Further Legislative and Regulatory Initiatives. Federal and state legislators as well as regulatory agencies may introduce or enact new laws or rules, or amend existing laws and rules, which may affect the regulation of financial institutions and their holding companies. In addition, some of the financial laws and regulations aiming to ease regulatory and compliance burden on financial institutions that were adopted during the last presidential administration could be repealed or eliminated going forward. The impact of any future legislative or regulatory changes cannot be predicted, but they could affect the Company and HBC s business and operations. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to various risks, including those discussed below. The risks discussed below are those that we believe are the most significant risks, although additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem less significant may also adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, perhaps materially. Summary of Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Unfavorable general business, economic and market conditions Ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic Geographic concentration in the Greater San Francisco Bay Area Monetary policies and regulations Fluctuations in interest rates Losses on our securities portfolio, particularly from increases in interest rates in our securities available-for-sale portfolio Liquidity risks Competition for customer deposits Risks Related to Our Loans Negative changes in the economy affecting real estate values and liquidity Risks involved with construction and land development loans Increased scrutiny by regulators of commercial real estate concentrations Unreliability of loan appraisals used in real property loan decisions Commercial loans are more sensitive to the borrower s successful operations or property development Small and medium business loans are subject to greater risks from adverse business developments Underwriting criteria and practices may not prevent poor loan performance Risks Related to Our SBA Loan Program Dependence on U.S. federal government SBA loan program Recognition of gains on sale of loans and servicing asset valuations reflect certain assumptions we use Credit risks from non-guaranteed portion of SBA loans we retain and do not sell Credit risks from SBA loans we sell as a result of repurchase obligations Risks Related to Our Credit Quality Managing credit risk Nonperforming assets require management time to resolve and can affect our financial results The allowance for credit losses on loans may be insufficient to absorb potential losses in our loan portfolio Real estate market volatility may have an adverse effect on disposition of other real estate owned Exposure to environmental liabilities on foreclosed real estate collateral Risks Related to our Growth Strategy General risks associated with acquisitions, including availability of suitable targets and integration risks Dilution affect resulting from the issuance of common stock consideration for acquisitions Impairment of the goodwill recorded from an acquisition Incorrect estimate of fair value for assets acquired in an acquisitions Managing our branch growth strategy Managing risks of adding new lines of business and new products Risks Related to Our Capital More stringent capital requirements 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Raising new capital in conditions beyond our control Risks Related to Management Our success depends on the skills and retention of our management Competition for skilled and experienced management level and senior level employees Risks Related to Our Reputation and Operations Failure to maintain a favorable reputation with our customers and communities Failure of our risk management framework Interruptions, cyber-attacks, fraud and other security breaches Difficulties from our third-party providers Employee misconduct Inaccurate information provided to us by customers or counterparties Environmental, social and governance practices Risks from Competition Competition from financial service companies and other companies that offer commercial banking services Competitive need to implement new technology and related operational challenges Risks Related to Other Business Costs and effects of litigation, investigations or similar matters Phasing out of and uncertainty related to London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR The soundness of other financial institutions Severe weather, natural disasters (including fire and earthquakes, pandemics, acts of war, terrorism, and social unrest) Climate change Risks Related to Finance and Accounting Reliance on estimates and risk management processes and analytical and forecasting models Changes in accounting standards Failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting Realization of our deferred tax assets Risks Related to Legislative and Regulatory Developments Extensive government regulation that could limit or restrict our activities Legislative and regulatory actions now or in the future increase our costs, and impact our business Federal and state regulatory exams Noncompliance with the BSA and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations Consumer protection laws and regulations Failure to comply with privacy, data protection and information security legal requirements Risks Related to Our Common Stock Investment in common stock is not an insured deposit Volatile trading price of our common stock Limited trading volume Changes in dividend policy Limitations on director liability for monetary damages for failure to exercise their fiduciary duty Potential dilution from issuance of additional equity securities Issuance of preferred stock which may have rights and preferences over our common stock Failure to satisfy our obligations under our subordinated notes would preclude the payment of dividends Our charter documents and California law may have an anti-takeover effect limiting changes of control 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Relating to Our Business Our Business could be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions. Our business and operations are sensitive to general business and economic conditions in the United States, generally, and particularly the state of California and our market area. Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions could lead to credit quality concerns related to borrower repayment ability and collateral protection as well as reduced demand for the products and services we offer. These economic conditions can arise suddenly, as did the conditions associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, and the full impact of such conditions can be difficult to predict. In addition, geopolitical and domestic political developments, such as existing and potential trade wars and other events beyond our control, can increase levels of political and economic unpredictability globally and increase the volatility of financial markets. Concerns about the performance of international economies, especially in Europe and emerging markets, and economic conditions in Asia, can impact the economy and financial markets here in the United States. If the national, regional and local economies experience worsening economic conditions, including declining growth and high levels of unemployment, our growth and profitability could be constrained. Weak economic conditions are characterized by, among other indicators, deflation, inflation, elevated levels of unemployment, fluctuations in debt and equity capital markets, increased delinquencies on mortgage, commercial and consumer loans, residential and commercial real estate price declines, related vacancy rates, and lower home sales and commercial activity. Various market conditions may also negatively affect our operating results. Real estate market conditions directly affect performance of our loans secured by real estate. Debt markets affect the availability of credit, which affects the rates and terms at which we offer loans and leases. Stock market downturns affect businesses ability to raise capital and invest in business expansion. Stock market downturns often signal broader economic deterioration and/or a downward trend in business earnings, which adversely affects businesses ability to service their debts. There can be no assurance that economic conditions will improve, and these conditions could worsen. Economic pressure on consumers and uncertainty regarding continuing economic improvement may result in changes in consumer and business spending, borrowing and saving habits. Such conditions could have a material adverse effect on the credit quality of our loans or our business, financial condition and results and operations. An economic recession or a downturn in various markets could have one or more of the following adverse effects on our business: a decrease in the demand for our loan or other products and services offered by us; a decrease in our deposit balances due to an overall reduction in customer balances; a decrease in the value of our investment securities and loans; an increase in the level of nonperforming and classified loans; an increase in the provision for credit losses and loan and lease charge-offs; a decrease in net interest income derived from our lending and deposit gathering activities; a decrease in the Company s stock price; an increase in our operating expenses associated with attending to the effects of the above-listed circumstances; and/or a decrease in real estate values or a general decrease in capital available to finance real estate transactions, which could have a negative impact on borrowers ability to pay off their loans as they mature. The COVID-19 pandemic has in the past negatively affected, and could in the future negatively affect, the global and U.S. economies could harm our business and results of operations, and such effects will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict. The COVID-19 pandemic has in the past negatively affected, and could in the future negatively affect, the global and U.S. economies, including by increasing unemployment levels, disrupting supply chains and businesses in many industries, lowering equity market valuations, decreasing liquidity in fixed income markets, and creating significant volatility and disruption in financial markets. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as our liquidity and capital profile, and provisions for credit 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 losses, will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the scope and duration of the pandemic, any resurgence of COVID-19 cases and the emergence of new variants, the widespread availability, use and effectiveness of vaccines, actions taken by governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic and the direct and indirect impact of the pandemic on us, our clients and customers, our service providers and other market participants. As the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects us, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described herein. Our profitability is dependent upon the geographic concentration of the markets in which we operate. We operate primarily in in the general San Francisco Bay Area of California in the counties of Alameda, Contra Costa, Marin, San Benito, San Francisco, San Mateo, and Santa Clara and, as a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to the demand for our products in those areas and is also subject to changes in the economic conditions in those areas. Our success depends upon the business activity, population, income levels, deposits and real estate activity in these markets. Although our customers business and financial interests may extend well beyond these market areas, adverse economic conditions that affect these market areas could reduce our growth rate, affect the ability of our customers to repay their loans to us and generally affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Because of our geographic concentration, we are less able than regional or national financial institutions to diversify demand for our products or our credit risks across multiple markets. Monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition to being affected by general economic conditions, our earnings and growth are affected by the policies of the Federal Reserve. An important function of the Federal Reserve is to regulate the money supply and credit conditions. Among the instruments used by the Federal Reserve to implement these objectives are open market purchases and sales of U.S. government securities, adjustments of the discount rate and changes in banks reserve requirements against bank deposits. These instruments are used in varying combinations to influence overall economic growth and the distribution of credit, bank loans, investments and deposits. Their use also affects interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. The monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve have had a significant effect on the operating results of commercial banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. Fluctuations in interest rates may reduce net interest income and otherwise negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Shifts in short-term interest rates may reduce net interest income, which is the principal component of our earnings. Net interest income is the difference between the amounts received by us on our interest-earning assets and the interest paid by us on our interest-bearing liabilities. When interest rates rise, the rate of interest we receive on our assets, such as floating interest rate loans, rises more quickly than the rate of interest that we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits, which may cause our profits to increase. When interest rates decrease, the rate of interest we receive on our assets, such as floating interest rate loans, declines more quickly than the rate of interest that we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits, which may cause our profits to decrease. Changes in interest rates could influence our ability to originate loans and deposits. Historically, there has been an inverse correlation between the demand for loans and interest rates. Loan origination volume usually declines during periods of rising or high interest rates and increases during periods of declining or low interest rates. Changes in interest rates can also affect the level of loan refinancing activity, which impacts the amount of prepayment penalty income we receive on loans we hold. Because prepayment penalties are recorded as interest income when received, the extent to which they increase or decrease during any given period could have a significant impact on the level of net interest income and net income we generate during that time. A decrease in our prepayment penalty income resulting from any change in interest rates or as a result of regulatory limitations on our ability to charge prepayment penalties could therefore adversely affect our net interest income, net income or results of operations. An increase in interest rates that adversely affects the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans may lead to an increase in nonperforming assets and a reduction of income recognized, which could have a material adverse 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 effect on our results of operations and cash flows. Further, when we place a loan on nonaccrual status, we reverse any accrued but unpaid interest receivable, which decreases interest income. Subsequently, we continue to have a cost to fund the loan, which is reflected as interest expense, without any interest income to offset the associated funding expense. Thus, an increase in the amount of nonperforming assets would have an adverse impact on net interest income. Changes in interest rates also can affect the value of loans, securities and other assets. Rising interest rates will result in a decline in value of the fixed-rate debt securities we hold in our investment securities portfolio. The unrealized losses resulting from holding these securities would be recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income and reduce total shareholders equity. Unrealized losses do not negatively impact our regulatory capital ratios. However, tangible common equity and the associated ratios would be reduced. If debt securities in an unrealized loss position are sold, such losses become realized and will reduce our regulatory capital ratios. We could recognize losses on securities held in our securities portfolio, particularly if interest rates increase or economic and market conditions deteriorate. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of our securities portfolio was approximately 1.1 billion. Factors beyond our control can significantly influence the fair value of securities in our portfolio and can cause potential adverse changes to the fair value of these securities. For example, fixed-rate securities acquired by us are generally subject to decreases in market value when interest rates rise. Additional factors include, but are not limited to, rating agency downgrades of the securities or our own analysis of the value of the security, defaults by the issuer or individual mortgagors with respect to the underlying securities, and continued instability in the credit markets. Any of the foregoing factors could cause credit-related impairment in future periods and result in realized losses. The process for determining whether impairment is credit related usually requires difficult, subjective judgments about the future financial performance of the issuer and any collateral underlying the security in order to assess the probability of receiving all contractual principal and interest payments on the security. Because of changing economic and market conditions affecting interest rates, we may recognize realized and/or unrealized losses in future periods, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Liquidity risks could affect operations and jeopardize our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Liquidity is essential to our business. An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of loans and/or investment securities, and from other sources could have a substantial negative effect on our liquidity. Our most important source of funds consists of our customer deposits. Such deposit balances can decrease when customers perceive alternative investments are providing a better risk/return tradeoff. If customers move money out of bank deposits and into other investments, we could lose a relatively low cost source of funds, thereby increasing our funding costs and reducing net interest income and net income. We could have to raise interest rates to retain deposits, thereby increasing our funding costs and reducing net interest income and net income. Additional liquidity is provided by our ability to borrow from the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco and the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco. We also may borrow from third-party lenders from time to time. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our activities on terms that are acceptable to us could be impaired by factors that affect us directly or the financial services industry or economy in general, such as disruptions in the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry. Any decline in available funding could adversely impact our ability to continue to implement our strategic plan, including our ability to originate loans, invest in securities, meet our expenses, or to fulfill obligations such as repaying our borrowings or meeting deposit withdrawal demands, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, business, financial condition and results of operations. Competition among U.S. banks for customer deposits is intense, may increase the cost of retaining current deposits or procuring new deposits, and may otherwise negatively affect our ability to grow our deposit base. Competition among U.S. banks for customer deposits is intense, may increase the cost of retaining current deposits or procuring new deposits, and may otherwise negatively affect our ability to grow our deposit base. Maintaining and attracting new deposits is integral to our business and a major decline in deposits or failure to attract deposits in the 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 future, including any such decline or failure related to an increase in interest rates paid by our competitors on interest-bearing accounts, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial conditions and results of operations. Interest-bearing accounts earn interest at rates established by management based on competitive market factors. The demand for the deposit products we offer may also be reduced due to a variety of factors, such as demographic patterns, changes in customer preferences, reductions in consumers disposable income, regulatory actions that decrease customer access to particular products, or the availability of competing products. Risks Related to Our Loans Because a significant portion of our loan portfolio is comprised of real estate loans, negative changes in the economy affecting real estate values and liquidity could impair the value of collateral securing our real estate loans and result in loan and other losses. Real estate lending (including commercial, land development and construction, home equity, multifamily, and residential mortgage loans) is a large portion of our loan portfolio. At December 31, 2022, approximately 2.748 billion, or 83 of our loan portfolio, was comprised of loans with real estate as a primary or secondary component of collateral. Included in CRE loans were owner occupied loans of 614.7 million, or 19 of total loans. The real estate securing our loan portfolio is concentrated in California. The market value of real estate can fluctuate significantly in a short period of time as a result of market conditions in the geographic area in which the real estate is located. Real estate values and real estate markets are generally affected by changes in national, regional or local economic conditions, the rate of unemployment, fluctuations in interest rates and the availability of loans to potential purchasers, fluctuations in vacancy rates, changes in tax laws and other governmental statutes, regulations and policies and acts of nature, such as earthquakes and other natural disasters. Adverse changes affecting real estate values and the liquidity of real estate in one or more of our markets could increase the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio, significantly impair the value of property pledged as collateral on loans and affect our ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure without a loss or additional losses, which would adversely affect profitability. Such declines and losses would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our construction and land development loans are based upon estimates of costs and value associated with the complete project. These estimates may be inaccurate and we may be exposed to more losses on these projects than on other loans. At December 31, 2022, land and construction loans, (including land acquisition and development loans) totaled 163.6 million or 5 of our portfolio. Of these loans, 9 were comprised of owner occupied and 91 non-owner occupied construction and land loans. These loans involve additional risks because funds are advanced upon the security of the project, which is of uncertain value prior to its completion, and costs may exceed realizable values in declining real estate markets. Because of the uncertainties inherent in estimating construction costs and the realizable market value of the completed project and the effects of governmental regulation of real property, it is relatively difficult to evaluate accurately the total funds required to complete a project and the related loan-to-value ratio. As a result, construction loans often involve the disbursement of substantial funds with repayment dependent, in part, on the success of the ultimate project and the ability of the borrower to sell or lease the property, rather than the ability of the borrower or guarantor to repay principal and interest. If our appraisal of the value of the completed project proves to be overstated or market values or rental rates decline, we may have inadequate security for the repayment of the loan upon completion of project construction. If we are forced to foreclose on a project prior to or at completion due to a default, we may not be able to recover all of the unpaid balance of, and accrued interest on, the loan as well as related foreclosure and holding costs. In addition, we may be required to fund additional amounts to complete the project and may have to hold the property for an unspecified period of time while we attempt to dispose of it. Increased scrutiny by regulators of commercial real estate concentrations could restrict our activities and impose financial requirements or limits on the conduct of our business. Banking regulators are giving commercial real estate lending greater scrutiny, and may require banks with higher levels of commercial real estate loans to implement improved underwriting, internal controls, risk management policies and portfolio stress testing, as well as possibly higher levels of allowances for credit losses on loans and capital levels as 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 a result of commercial real estate lending growth and exposures. Therefore, we could be required to raise additional capital or restrict our future growth as a result of our higher level of commercial real estate loans. Our use of appraisals in deciding whether to make a loan on or secured by real property does not ensure the value of the real property collateral. In considering whether to make a loan secured by real property we generally require an appraisal of the property. However, an appraisal is only an estimate of the value of the property at the time the appraisal is conducted, and an error in fact or judgment could adversely affect the reliability of an appraisal. In addition, events occurring after the initial appraisal may cause the value of the real estate to decrease. As a result of any of these factors the value of collateral securing a loan may be less than estimated, and if a default occurs we may not recover the outstanding balance of the loan. Many of our loans are to commercial borrowers, which may have a higher degree of risk than other types of borrowers. At December 31, 2022, commercial loans totaled 533.9 million or 16 of our loan portfolio (including SBA loans, PPP loans, asset-based lending, and factored receivables). Commercial loans represented 22 of our total loan portfolio at December 31, 2021. Commercial loans are often larger and involve greater risks than other types of lending. Because payments on such loans are often dependent on the successful operation or development of the property or business involved, repayment of such loans is often more sensitive than other types of loans to adverse conditions in the real estate market or the general business climate and economy. Accordingly, a downturn in the real estate market and a challenging business and economic environment may increase our risk related to commercial loans, particularly commercial real estate loans. Unlike home mortgage loans, which generally are made on the basis of the borrowers ability to make repayment from their employment and other income and which are secured by real property whose value tends to be more easily ascertainable, commercial loans typically are made on the basis of the borrowers ability to make repayment from the cash flow of the commercial venture. Our commercial and industrial loans are primarily made based on the identified cash flow of the borrower and secondarily on the collateral underlying the loans. Most often, collateral consists of accounts receivable, inventory and equipment. Inventory and equipment may depreciate over time, may be difficult to appraise and may fluctuate in value based on the success of the business. Accounts receivable may be uncollectable. If the cash flow from business operations is reduced, the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. Vacancy rates can also negatively impact cash flows from business operations. Due to the larger average size of each commercial loan as compared with other loans such as residential loans, as well as collateral that is generally less readily-marketable, losses incurred on a small number of commercial loans could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The small and medium-sized businesses that we lend to may have fewer resources to weather adverse business developments, which may impair a borrower s ability to repay a loan, and such impairment could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. We target our business development and marketing strategy primarily to serve the banking and financial services needs of small to medium-sized businesses. These businesses generally have fewer financial resources in terms of capital or borrowing capacity than larger entities, frequently have smaller market shares than their competition, may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, often need substantial additional capital to expand or compete and may experience substantial volatility in operating results, any of which may impair a borrower s ability to repay a loan. In addition, the success of a small and medium-sized business often depends on the management talents and efforts of one or two people or a small group of people, and the death, disability or resignation of one or more of these people could have a material adverse impact on the business and its ability to repay its loan. Negative general economic conditions in our markets where we operate that adversely affect our medium-sized business borrowers may impair the borrower s ability to repay a loan and such impairment could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. We may suffer losses in our loan portfolio despite our underwriting practices. We mitigate the risks inherent in our loan portfolio by adhering to sound and proven underwriting practices, managed by experienced and knowledgeable credit professionals. These practices include analysis of a borrower s prior credit history, financial statements, tax returns, and cash flow projections, valuations of collateral based on reports of 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 independent appraisers and verifications of liquid assets. Nonetheless, we may incur losses on loans that meet our underwriting criteria, and these losses may exceed the amounts set aside as reserves in our allowance for loan loss. Risks Related to our SBA Loan Program Small Business Administration lending is an important part of our business. Our SBA lending program is dependent upon the U.S. federal government, and we face specific risks associated with originating SBA loans. At December 31, 2022, SBA loans totaled 40.2 million, which are included in the commercial loan portfolio, and SBA loans held-for-sale totaled 2.4 million. In addition, the Company had 1.2 million of SBA PPP loans at December 31, 2022. Our SBA lending program is dependent upon the U.S. federal government. As an approved participant in the SBA Preferred Lender s Program (an SBA Preferred Lender ), we enable our clients to obtain SBA loans without being subject to the potentially lengthy SBA approval process necessary for lenders that are not SBA Preferred Lenders. The SBA periodically reviews the lending operations of participating lenders to assess, among other things, whether the lender exhibits prudent risk management. When weaknesses are identified, the SBA may request corrective actions or impose enforcement actions, including revocation of the lender s SBA Preferred Lender status. If we lose our status as an SBA Preferred Lender, we may lose some or all of our customers to lenders who are SBA Preferred Lenders, and as a result we could experience a material adverse effect to our financial results. Any changes to the SBA program, including but not limited to changes to the level of guarantee provided by the federal government on SBA loans, changes to program specific rules impacting volume eligibility under the guaranty program, as well as changes to the program amounts authorized by Congress may also have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, any default by the U.S. government on its obligations or any prolonged government shutdown could, among other things, impede our ability to originate SBA loans or sell such loans in the secondary market, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The SBA s 7(a) Loan Program is the SBA s primary program for helping start-up and existing small businesses, with financing guaranteed for a variety of general business purposes. Generally, we sell the guaranteed portion of our SBA 7(a) loans in the secondary market. These sales result in premium income for us at the time of sale and create a stream of future servicing income, as we retain the servicing rights to these loans. For the reasons described above, we may not be able to continue originating these loans or sell them in the secondary market. Furthermore, even if we are able to continue to originate and sell SBA 7(a) loans in the secondary market, we might not continue to realize premiums upon the sale of the guaranteed portion of these loans or the premiums may decline due to economic and competitive factors. When we originate SBA loans, we incur credit risk on the non-guaranteed portion of the loans, and if a customer defaults on a loan, we share any loss and recovery related to the loan pro-rata with the SBA. If the SBA establishes that a loss on an SBA guaranteed loan is attributable to significant technical deficiencies in the manner in which the loan was originated, funded or serviced by us, the SBA may seek recovery of the principal loss related to the deficiency from us. Generally, we do not maintain reserves or loss allowances for such potential claims and any such claims could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the Company s SBA loans include loans under the U.S. Department of Agriculture guaranteed lending programs. The laws, regulations and standard operating procedures that are applicable to SBA loan products may change in the future. We cannot predict the effects of these changes on our business and profitability. Because government regulation greatly affects the business and financial results of all commercial banks and bank holding companies and especially our organization, changes in the laws, regulations and procedures applicable to SBA loans could adversely affect our ability to operate profitably. The recognition of gains on the sale of loans and servicing asset valuations reflect certain assumptions. We expect that gains on the sale of U.S. government guaranteed loans will contribute to noninterest income. The gains on such sales recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 491,000. The determination of these gains is based on assumptions regarding the value of unguaranteed loans retained, servicing rights retained and deferred fees and costs, and net premiums paid by purchasers of the guaranteed portions of U.S. government guaranteed loans. The value of retained unguaranteed loans and servicing rights are determined based on market derived factors such as prepayment rates, 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 current market conditions and recent loan sales. Deferred fees and costs are determined using internal analysis of the cost to originate loans. Significant errors in assumptions used to compute gains on sale of loans or servicing asset valuations could result in material revenue misstatements, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We originated 21.2 million of SBA loans for the year ended December 31, 2022. We sold 7.2 million of the guaranteed portion of our SBA loans for the year ended December 31, 2022. We generally retain the non-guaranteed portions of the SBA loans that we originate. Consequently, as of December 31, 2022, we held 40.2 million of SBA loans (including loans held-for-sale) on our balance sheet, 24.0 million of which consisted of the non-guaranteed portion of SBA loans, and 16.1 million of which consisted of the guaranteed portion of SBA loans. At December 31, 2022, 2.5 million, or 6.1 , consisted of the guaranteed portion of SBA loans which we intend to sell in 2023. The non-guaranteed portion of SBA loans have a higher degree of credit risk and risk of loss as compared to the guaranteed portion of such loans and make up a substantial majority of our remaining SBA loans. When we sell the guaranteed portion of SBA loans in the ordinary course of business, we are required to make certain representations and warranties to the purchaser about the SBA loans and the manner in which they were originated. Under these agreements, we may be required to repurchase the guaranteed portion of the SBA loan if we have breached any of these representations or warranties, in which case we may record a loss. In addition, if repurchase and indemnity demands increase on loans that we sell from our portfolios, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Further, we generally retain the non-guaranteed portions of the SBA loans that we originate and sell, and to the extent the borrowers of such loans experience financial difficulties, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted. Risks Related to our Credit Quality Our business depends on our ability to successfully manage credit risk. The operation of our business requires us to manage credit risk. As a lender, we are exposed to the risk that our borrowers will be unable to repay their loans according to their terms, and that the collateral securing repayment of their loans, if any, may not be sufficient to ensure repayment. In addition, there are risks inherent in making any loan, including risks with respect to the period of time over which the loan may be repaid, risks relating to proper loan underwriting, risks resulting from changes in economic and industry conditions and risks inherent in dealing with individual borrowers. In order to successfully manage credit risk, we must, among other things, maintain disciplined and prudent underwriting standards and ensure that our bankers follow those standards. The weakening of these standards for any reason, a lack of discipline or diligence by our employees in underwriting and monitoring loans, the inability of our employees to adequately adapt policies and procedures to changes in economic or any other conditions affecting borrowers and the quality of our loan portfolio, may result in loan defaults, foreclosures and additional charge-offs and may necessitate that we significantly increase our allowance for credit losses on loans, each of which could adversely affect our net income. As a result, our inability to successfully manage credit risk could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Nonperforming assets adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, and take significant time to resolve. As of December 31, 2022, our nonperforming loans (which consist of nonaccrual loans, loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest and loans modified under troubled debt restructurings) totaled 2.4 million, or 0.07 of our loan portfolio, and our nonperforming assets (which include nonperforming loans plus other real estate owned) totaled 2.4 million, or 0.05 of total assets. Our nonperforming assets adversely affect our net income in various ways. We do not record interest income on nonaccrual loans or other real estate owned, thereby adversely affecting our net interest income, net income and returns on assets and equity, and our loan administration costs increase, which together with reduced interest income adversely affects our efficiency ratio. Further, when we place a loan on nonaccrual status, we reverse any accrued but unpaid interest receivable, which decreases interest income. Subsequently, we continue to have a cost to fund the loan, which is reflected as interest expense, without any interest income to offset the associated funding expense. When we take collateral in 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 foreclosure and similar proceedings, we are required to mark the collateral to its then-fair market value, which may result in a loss. These nonperforming loans and other real estate owned also increase our risk profile and the level of capital our regulators believe is appropriate for us to maintain in light of such risks. The resolution of nonperforming assets requires significant time commitments from management and can be detrimental to the performance of their other responsibilities. If we experience increases in nonperforming loans and nonperforming assets, our net interest income may be negatively impacted and our loan administration costs could increase, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our allowance for credit losses on loans may prove to be insufficient to absorb potential losses in our loan portfolio. We maintain an allowance for credit losses on loans to provide for loan defaults and non-performance. This allowance, expressed as a percentage of loans, was 1.44 , at December 31, 2022. Allowance for credit losses on loans is funded from a provision for credit losses on loans, which is a charge to our income statement. The Company had a provision for credit losses on loans of 766,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The allowance for credit losses on loans reflects our estimate of the current expected credit losses in our loan portfolio at the relevant balance sheet date. Our allowance for credit losses on loans is based on our prior experience, as well as an evaluation of the known risks in the current portfolio, composition and growth of the loan portfolio and economic forecasts for correlated economic factors. The determination of an appropriate level of allowance for credit losses on loans is an inherently difficult and subjective process, requiring complex judgments, and is based on numerous analytical assumptions. The amount of future losses is susceptible to changes in economic and other conditions, including changes in interest rates, changes in economic forecasts, changes in the financial condition of borrowers, and deteriorating values of collateral that may be beyond our control, and these losses may exceed current estimates. The allowance is only an estimate of the probable incurred losses in the loan portfolio and may not represent actual over time, either of losses in excess of the allowance or of losses less than the allowance. In addition, we evaluate all loans identified as impaired loans and allocate an allowance based upon our estimation of the potential loss associated with those problem loans. While we strive to carefully manage and monitor credit quality and to identify loans that may be deteriorating, at any time there are loans included in the portfolio that may result in losses, but that have not yet been identified as nonperforming or potential problem loans. Through established credit practices, we attempt to identify deteriorating loans and adjust the allowance for credit losses on loans accordingly. However, because future events are uncertain and because we may not successfully identify all deteriorating loans in a timely manner, there may be loans that deteriorate in an accelerated time frame. We cannot be sure that we will be able to identify deteriorating loans before they become nonperforming assets, or that we will be able to limit losses on those loans that have been so identified. Although management believes that the allowance for credit losses on loans is adequate to absorb losses on any existing loans that may become uncollectible, we may be required to take additional provisions for credit losses on loans in the future to further supplement the allowance for credit losses on loans, either due to management s decision to do so or because our banking regulators require us to do so. Our bank regulatory agencies will periodically review our allowance for credit losses on loans and the value attributed to nonaccrual loans or to real estate acquired through foreclosure and may require us to adjust our determination of the value for these items. If our allowance for credit losses on loans is inaccurate, for any of the reasons discussed above (or other reasons), and is inadequate to cover the loan losses that we actually experience, the resulting losses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Real estate market volatility and future changes in our disposition strategies could result in net proceeds that differ significantly from our other real estate owned fair value appraisals. As of December 31, 2022 we had no other real estate owned OREO on our financial statements, but in the ordinary course of our business we expect to hold some level of OREO from time to time. OREO typically consists of properties that we obtain through foreclosure or through an in-substance foreclosure in satisfaction of an outstanding loan. OREO properties are valued on our books at the lesser of the recorded investment in the loan for which the property previously served as collateral or the property s fair value, which represents the estimated sales price of the property on the date acquired less estimated selling costs. Generally, in determining fair value, an orderly disposition of the property is assumed, unless a different disposition strategy is expected. Significant judgment is required in estimating the fair value 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 of OREO property, and the period of time within which such estimates can be considered current is significantly shortened during periods of market volatility. In response to market conditions and other economic factors, we may utilize alternative sale strategies other than orderly disposition as part of our OREO disposition strategy, such as immediate liquidation sales. In this event, as a result of the significant judgments required in estimating fair value and the variables involved in different methods of disposition, the net proceeds realized from such sales transactions could differ significantly from the appraisals, comparable sales and other estimates used to determine the fair value of our OREO properties. We could be exposed to risk of environmental liabilities with respect to properties to which we take title. In the course of our business, we may foreclose and take title to real estate, and could be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these properties. We may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third-parties for property damage, personal injury, investigation and clean-up costs incurred by these parties in connection with environmental contamination, or may be required to investigate or clean up hazardous or toxic substances, or chemical releases at a property. The costs associated with investigation or remediation activities could be substantial. In addition, if we are the owner or former owner of a contaminated site, we may be subject to common law claims by third-parties based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the property. Significant environmental liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Growth Strategy There are risks related to acquisitions. We plan to continue to grow our business organically. However, from time to time, we may consider opportunistic strategic acquisitions that we believe support our long-term business strategy. We face significant competition from numerous other financial services institutions, many of which will have greater financial resources than we do, when considering acquisition opportunities. Accordingly, attractive acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. We may not be successful in identifying or completing any future acquisitions. Acquisitions of financial institutions involve operational risks and uncertainties and acquired companies may have unforeseen liabilities, exposure to asset quality problems, key employee and customer retention problems and other problems that could negatively affect our organization. If we complete any future acquisitions, we may not be able to successfully integrate the operations, management, products and services of the entities that we acquire and eliminate redundancies. The integration process could result in the loss of key employees or disruption of the combined entity s ongoing business or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, and policies that adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees or achieve the anticipated benefits of the transaction. The integration process may also require significant time and attention from our management that they would otherwise direct at servicing existing business and developing new business. We may not be able to realize any projected cost savings, synergies or other benefits associated with any such acquisition we complete. We cannot determine all potential events, facts and circumstances that could result in loss and our investigation or mitigation efforts may be insufficient to protect against any such loss. In addition, we must generally satisfy a number of meaningful conditions prior to completing any acquisition, including, in certain cases, federal and state bank regulatory approval. Bank regulators consider a number of factors when determining whether to approve a proposed transaction, including the effect of the transaction on financial stability and the ratings and compliance history of all institutions involved, including the CRA, examination results and anti-money laundering and Bank Secrecy Act compliance records of all institutions involved. The process for obtaining required regulatory approvals has become substantially more difficult, which could affect our future business. We may fail to pursue, evaluate or complete strategic and competitively significant business opportunities as a result of our inability, or our perceived inability, to obtain any required regulatory approvals in a timely manner or at all. Issuing additional shares of our common stock to acquire other banks and bank holding companies may result in dilution for existing shareholders and may adversely affect the market price of our stock. In connection with our growth strategy, we have issued, and may issue in the future, shares of our common 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 stock to acquire additional banks or bank holding companies that may complement our organizational structure. Resales of substantial amounts of common stock in the public market and the potential of such sales could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities. We sometimes must pay an acquisition premium above the fair market value of acquired assets for the acquisition of banks or bank holding companies. Paying this acquisition premium, in addition to the dilutive effect of issuing additional shares, may also adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock. If the goodwill that we recorded in connection with a business acquisition becomes impaired, it could require charges to earnings, which would have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Goodwill represents the amount by which the cost of an acquisition exceeded the fair value of net assets we acquired in connection with the purchase. We review goodwill for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset might be impaired. We determine impairment by comparing the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. Estimates of fair value are determined based on a complex model using cash flows, the fair value of our Company as determined by our stock price, and company comparisons. If management s estimates of future cash flows are inaccurate, fair value determined could be inaccurate and impairment may not be recognized in a timely manner. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. Any such adjustments are reflected in our results of operations in the periods in which they become known. There can be no assurance that our future evaluations of goodwill will not result in findings of impairment and related write-downs, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our decisions regarding the fair value of assets acquired could be different than initially estimated, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In business combinations, we acquire significant portfolios of loans that are marked to their estimated fair value. There is no assurance that the acquired loans will not suffer deterioration in value. The fluctuations in national, regional and local economic conditions, including those related to local residential, commercial real estate and construction markets, may increase the level of charge offs in the loan portfolio that we acquire and correspondingly reduce our net income. These fluctuations are not predictable, cannot be controlled and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We must effectively manage our branch growth strategy. We seek to expand our franchise safely and consistently. A successful growth strategy requires us to manage multiple aspects of our business simultaneously, such as following adequate loan underwriting standards, balancing loan and deposit growth without increasing interest rate risk or compressing our net interest margin, maintaining sufficient capital, maintaining proper system and controls, and recruiting, training and retaining qualified professionals. We also may experience a lag in profitability associated with new branch openings. As part of our general growth strategy we may expand into additional communities or attempt to strengthen our position in our current markets by opening new offices, subject to any regulatory constraints on our ability to open new offices. To the extent that we are able to open additional offices, we are likely to experience the effects of higher operating expenses relative to operating income from the new operations for a period of time which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. New lines of business or new products and services may subject us to additional risks. From time to time, we may implement or may acquire new lines of business or offer new products and services within existing lines of business. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where the markets are not fully developed. In developing and marketing new lines of business and new products and services we may invest significant time and resources. We may not achieve target timetables for the introduction and development of new lines of business and new products or services and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as regulatory compliance obligations, competitive alternatives, and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business or a new product or service. Furthermore, any new line of business and/or new product or service could have a significant impact on the effectiveness 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 of our system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business or new products or services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Capital We may be subject to more stringent capital requirements in the future. We are subject to current and changing regulatory requirements specifying minimum amounts and types of capital that we must maintain. The failure to meet applicable regulatory capital requirements could result in one or more of our regulators placing limitations or conditions on our activities, including our growth initiatives, or restricting the commencement of new activities, and could affect customer and investor confidence, our costs of funds and FDIC insurance costs, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock, our ability to make acquisitions, and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may need to raise additional capital in the future, and if we fail to maintain sufficient capital, whether due to losses, an inability to raise additional capital or otherwise, our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as our ability to maintain regulatory compliance, would be adversely affected. We face significant capital and other regulatory requirements as a financial institution. We may need to raise additional capital in the future to provide us with sufficient capital resources and liquidity to meet our commitments and business needs, which could include the possibility of financing acquisitions. Our ability to raise additional capital depends on conditions in the capital markets, economic conditions and a number of other factors, including investor perceptions regarding the banking industry, market conditions and governmental activities, and on our financial condition and performance. Any occurrence that may limit our access to the capital markets may adversely affect our capital costs and our ability to raise capital. Moreover, if we need to raise capital in the future, we may have to do so when many other financial institutions are also seeking to raise capital and would have to compete with those institutions for investors. We, therefore, may not be able to raise additional capital if needed or on terms acceptable to us. Risks Related to our Management We are highly dependent on our management team, and the loss of our senior executive officers or other key employees could harm our ability to implement our strategic plan, impair our relationships with customers and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our success depends, in large degree, on the skills of our management team and our ability to retain, recruit and motivate key officers and employees. Our senior management team has significant industry experience, and their knowledge and relationships would be difficult to replace. Leadership changes will occur from time to time, and we cannot predict whether significant resignations will occur or whether we will be able to recruit additional qualified personnel. Competition for senior executives and skilled personnel in the financial services and banking industry is intense, which means the cost of hiring, paying incentives and retaining skilled personnel may continue to increase. We need to continue to attract and retain key personnel and to recruit qualified individuals to succeed existing key personnel to ensure the continued growth and successful operation of our business. Our ability to effectively compete for senior executives and other qualified personnel by offering competitive compensation and benefit arrangements may increase our potential costs and may be restricted by applicable banking laws and regulations. The loss of the services of any senior executive or other key personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Reputation and Operations Our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to the success of our business, and the failure to do so may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are a community bank, and our reputation is one of the most valuable components of our business. Threats to our reputation can come from many sources, including adverse sentiment about financial institutions generally, unethical 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 practices, employee misconduct, failure to deliver minimum standards of service or quality, compliance deficiencies, and questionable or fraudulent activities of our customers. Negative publicity regarding our business, employees, or customers, with or without merit, may result in the loss of customers, investors and employees, costly litigation, a decline in revenues and increased governmental regulation and have a material adverse effect on business, financial condition and results of operations. Our risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risks and/or losses to us. Our risk management framework is comprised of various processes, systems and strategies, and is designed to manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including, among others, credit, market, liquidity, interest rate and compliance. Our risk management framework may not be effective under all circumstances and may not adequately mitigate any risk or loss to us. If our risk management framework is not effective, we could suffer unexpected losses and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. We may also be subject to potentially adverse regulatory consequences. Interruptions, cyber-attacks, fraudulent activity or other security breaches could have a material adverse effect on our business. In the normal course of business, we directly or through third parties collect, store, share, process and retain sensitive and confidential information regarding our customers. We devote significant resources and management focus to ensuring the integrity of our systems, against damage from fires or other natural disasters; power or telecommunications failures; acts of terrorism or wars or other catastrophic events; breaches, physical break-ins or errors resulting in interruptions and unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, through information security and business continuity programs. Notwithstanding, our facilities and systems are vulnerable to interruptions, external or internal security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors, force majeure events, or other similar events. As a bank, we are susceptible to fraudulent activity that may be committed against us or our customers, which may result in financial losses or increased costs to us or our customers, disclosure or misuse of our information or our customer s information, misappropriation of assets, privacy breaches against our customers, litigation or damage to our reputation. Such fraudulent activity may take many forms, including check fraud, electronic fraud, wire fraud, phishing, social engineering and other dishonest acts. Reported incidents of fraud and other financial crimes have increased through the U.S. We have also experienced losses due to apparent fraud and other financial crimes. Increased use of the Internet and telecommunications technologies (including mobile devices) to conduct financial and other business transactions and operations, coupled with the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, perpetrators of fraud, hackers, terrorists and others increases our security risks. In addition to cyber-attacks or other security breaches involving the theft of sensitive and confidential information, hackers continue to engage in attacks against large financial institutions. These attacks include denial of service attacks designed to disrupt external customer facing services, and ransomware attacks designed to deny organizations access to key internal resources or systems. While we have policies and procedures designed to prevent such losses, there can be no assurance that such losses will not occur. We are not able to anticipate or implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently and because attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. We employ detection and response mechanisms designed to contain and mitigate security incidents, but early detection may be thwarted by sophisticated attacks and malware designed to avoid detection. The payment methods that we offer are subject to potential fraud and theft by criminals, who are becoming increasingly more sophisticated, seeking to obtain unauthorized access to or exploit weaknesses that may exist in the payment systems where we may be liable for losses. Breaches of information security also may occur through intentional or unintentional acts by those having access to our systems or our customers or counterparties confidential information, including employees. The access by unauthorized persons to, or the improper disclosure by us of, confidential information regarding our customers or our own proprietary information, software, methodologies and business secrets, failures or disruptions in our communications, information and technology systems, or our failure to adequately address them, could negatively affect our customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan or other systems. We cannot assure that such breaches, failures or interruptions will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed by us or the third parties on which we rely. Our insurance may not fully cover all types of losses. The occurrence of any failures or 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 interruptions of our communications, information and technology systems could damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We could be required to provide notices of security breaches. Such failures could result in increased regulatory scrutiny, legal liability, a loss of confidence in the security of our systems, our payment cards, products and services, and negative effects on our brand which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations could be interrupted by our third-party service providers experiencing difficulty in providing their services, terminating their services or failing to comply with banking regulations. We depend to a significant extent on relationships with third party service providers. Specifically, we utilize third party core banking services and receive credit card and debit card services, branch capture services, Internet banking services and services complementary to our banking products from various third party service providers. These types of third party relationships are subject to increasingly demanding regulatory requirements where we must maintain and continue to enhance our due diligence and ongoing monitoring and control over our third party vendors. We may be required to renegotiate our agreements to meet these enhanced requirements, which could increase our costs. If our service providers experience difficulties or terminate their services and we are unable to replace them, our operations could be interrupted. It may be difficult for us to timely replace some of our service providers, which may be at a higher cost due to the unique services they provide. A third party provider may fail to provide the services we require, or meet contractual requirements, comply with applicable laws and regulations, or suffer a cyber-attack or other security breach. We expect that our regulators will hold us responsible for deficiencies of our third party relationships which could result in enforcement actions, including civil money penalties or other administrative or judicial penalties or fines, or customer remediation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Employee misconduct could expose us to significant legal liability and reputational harm. We are vulnerable to reputational harm because we operate in an industry in which integrity and the confidence of our customers are of critical importance. Our employees could engage in fraudulent, illegal, wrongful or suspicious activities, and/or activities resulting in consumer harm that adversely affects our customers and/or our business. The precautions we take to detect and prevent such misconduct may not always be effective and regulatory sanctions and/or penalties, serious harm to our reputation, financial condition, customer relationships and ability to attract new customers. In addition, improper use or disclosure of confidential information by our employees, even if inadvertent, could result in serious harm to our reputation, financial condition and current and future business relationships. If our internal controls against operational risks fail to prevent or detect an occurrence of such employee error or misconduct, or if any resulting loss is not insured or exceeds applicable insurance limits, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information provided by customers and counterparties and any misrepresented information could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In deciding whether to extend credit or to enter into other transactions with customers and counterparties, we may rely on information furnished to us by or on behalf of customers and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. Some of the information regarding customers provided to us is also used in our proprietary credit decision making and scoring models, which we use to determine whether to do business with customers and the risk profiles of such customers which are subsequently utilized by counterparties who lend us capital to fund our operations. We may also rely on representations of customers and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. In deciding whether to extend credit, we may rely upon our customers representations that their financial statements conform to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the customer. We also may rely on customer representations and certifications, or other audit or accountants reports, with respect to the business and financial condition of our customers. Whether a misrepresentation is made by the applicant, another third party or one of our employees, we generally bear the risk of loss associated with the misrepresentation. We may not detect all misrepresented information in 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 our originations or from service providers we engage to assist in the approval process. Any such misrepresented information could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social and governance practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. Companies are facing increasing scrutiny from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to their environmental, social and governance ESG practices and disclosure. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds and influential investors are also increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to the environment, health and safety, diversity, labor conditions and human rights. Increased ESG-related compliance costs for us as well as among our suppliers, vendors and various other parties within our supply chain could result in increases to our overall operational costs. Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards could negatively impact our reputation, ability to do business with certain partners, access to capital, and our stock price. New government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure. Risks from Competition We face strong competition from financial services companies and other companies that offer commercial banking services, which could harm our business. We face substantial competition in all phases of our operations from a variety of different competitors. Our competitors, including larger commercial banks, community banks, savings and loan associations, mutual savings banks, credit unions, consumer finance companies, insurance companies, securities dealers, brokers, mortgage bankers, investment advisors, money market mutual funds and other financial institutions, compete with lending and deposit gathering services offered by us. Many of these competing institutions have much greater financial and marketing resources than we have. Due to their size, many competitors can achieve larger economies of scale and may offer a broader range of products and services than we can. If we are unable to offer competitive products and services, our business may be negatively affected. Some of the financial services organizations with which we compete are not subject to the same degree of regulation as is imposed on bank holding companies and federally insured financial institutions or are not subject to increased supervisory oversight arising from regulatory examinations. As a result, these non-bank competitors have certain advantages over us in accessing funding and in providing various services. We anticipate intense competition will continue for the coming year due to the recent consolidation of many financial institutions and more changes in legislature, regulation and technology. Further, we expect loan demand to continue to be challenging due to the uncertain economic climate and the intensifying competition for creditworthy borrowers, both of which could lead to loan rate concession pressure and could impact our ability to generate profitable loans. We expect we may see tighter competition in the industry as banks seek to take market share in the most profitable customer segments, particularly the small business segment and the mass affluent segment, which offers a rich source of deposits as well as more profitable and less risky customer relationships. Further, with the rebound of higher interest rates our deposit customers may perceive alternative investment opportunities as providing superior expected returns. Efforts and initiatives we undertake to retain and increase deposits, including deposit pricing, can increase our costs. When our customers move money into higher yielding deposits or in favor of alternative investments, we can lose a relatively inexpensive source of funds, thus increasing our funding costs. New technology and other changes are allowing parties to effectuate financial transactions that previously required the involvement of banks. For example, consumers can maintain funds in brokerage accounts or mutual funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits. Consumers can also complete transactions such as paying bills and transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as disintermediation, could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. Increased competition in our markets may result in reduced loans, deposits, and fee income, as well as reduced net interest margin and profitability. If we are unable to attract and retain banking customers and expand our loan and 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 deposit growth, then we may be unable to continue to grow our business which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We have a continuing competitive need for technological change, and we may not have the resources to effectively implement new technology or we may experience operational challenges when implementing new technology. The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new, technology-driven products and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements than we do. As a result, they may be able to offer additional or superior products to those that we will be able to offer, which would put us at a competitive disadvantage. We may not be able to effectively implement new, technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. In addition, the implementation of technological changes and upgrades to maintain current systems and integrate new ones may also cause service interruptions, transaction processing errors and system conversion delays and may cause us to fail to comply with applicable laws. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry and avoid interruptions, errors and delays could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Other Business The costs and effects of litigation, investigations or similar matters, or adverse facts and developments related thereto, could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are and will continue to be involved from time to time in a variety of litigation, investigations or similar matters arising out of our business. It is inherently difficult to assess the outcome of these matters, and we may not prevail in any proceedings or litigation. Any claims and lawsuits, and the disposition of such claims and lawsuits, whether through settlement, or litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert management attention from executing our business plan, and lead to attempts on the part of other parties to pursue similar claims. Any claims asserted against us, regardless of merit or eventual outcome may harm our reputation. To mitigate the cost of some of these claims, we maintain insurance coverage in amounts and with deductibles that we believe are appropriate for our operations. However, our insurance coverage does not cover any civil monetary penalties or fines imposed by government authorities and may not cover all other claims that might be brought against us, including certain wage and hour class, collective and representative actions brought by customers, employees or former employees, and ponzi schemes. In addition, such insurance coverage may not continue to be available to us at a reasonable cost or at all. As a result, we may be exposed to substantial uninsured liabilities. Substantial legal liability or significant regulatory action against us could cause significant reputational harm to us and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations Uncertainty relating to LIBOR calculation process and potential phasing out of LIBOR may adversely affect us. The Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom, which regulates LIBOR, will not guarantee the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis after 2021. Regulators, industry groups, and certain committees (e.g., the Alternative Reference Rates Committee) have, among other things, published recommended fallback language for LIBOR-linked financial instruments, identified recommended alternatives for certain LIBOR rates. The Federal Reserve selected a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities SOFR to replace LIBOR. SOFR differs in its methodology from LIBOR in that it is a secured funding rate and calculated on a backward looking basis, and because the SOFR rate is new, the correlation with funding costs of financial institutions is uncertain. Whether or not SOFR attains market acceptance as a LIBOR replacement tool remains in question. Uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes or other reforms to LIBOR may adversely affect LIBOR rates and the value of LIBOR-based loans, and to a lesser extent, securities in our portfolio, and may impact the availability and cost of hedging instruments and borrowings, including the rates we pay on our subordinated debentures. Once LIBOR rates are no longer available, we may be subject to disputes or litigation with customers and creditors over the appropriateness or 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 comparability to LIBOR of the substitute indices, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to access markets for funding and acquire and retain customers could be adversely affected by the deterioration of other financial institutions or the financial service industry s reputation. Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services companies are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty and other relationships. We have exposure to different industries and counterparties, and through transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks and other institutional clients. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services companies, or the financial services industry generally, have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. These losses or defaults could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Severe weather, natural disasters, pandemics, acts of war or terrorism, social unrest and other external events could significantly impact our business. Severe weather, natural disasters (including fires, earthquakes, and floods), wide spread disease or pandemics (such as COVID-19), acts of war or terrorism, social unrest and other adverse external events could have a significant impact on our ability to conduct business. Such events could affect the stability of our deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in loss of revenue and/or cause us to incur additional expenses. The majority of our branches are located in the San Jose, San Francisco, Oakland areas, which in the past have experienced both severe earthquakes and wildfires. We do not carry earthquake insurance on our properties. Earthquakes, wildfires or other natural disasters could severely disrupt our operations. In addition, our customers and loan collateral may be severely impacted by such events, resulting in losses. Operations in our market could be disrupted by both the evacuation of large portions of the population as well as damage to and/or lack of access to our banking and operation facilities. Although management has established disaster recovery policies and procedures, the occurrence of any such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Climate change could have a material negative impact on the Company and our customers. The Company s business, as well as the operations and activities of our clients, could be negatively impacted by climate change. Climate change presents both immediate and long-term risks to the Company and its clients, and these risks are expected to increase over time. Climate change presents multi-faceted risks, including: operational risk from the physical effects of climate events on the Company and its clients facilities and other assets; credit risk from borrowers with significant exposure to climate risk; transition risks associated with the transition to a less carbon-dependent economy; and reputational risk from stakeholder concerns about our practices related to climate change, the Company s carbon footprint, and the Company s business relationships with clients who operate in carbon-intensive industries. Federal and state banking regulators and supervisory authorities, investors, and other stakeholders have increasingly viewed financial institutions as important in helping to address the risks related to climate change both directly and with respect to their clients, which may result in financial institutions coming under increased pressure regarding the disclosure and management of their climate risks and related lending and investment activities. Given that climate change could impose systemic risks upon the financial sector, either via disruptions in economic activity resulting from the physical impacts of climate change or changes in policies as the economy transitions to a less carbon-intensive environment, the Company may face regulatory risk of increasing focus on the Company s resilience to climate-related risks, including in the context of stress testing for various climate stress scenarios. Ongoing legislative or regulatory uncertainties and changes regarding climate risk management and practices may result in higher regulatory, compliance, credit, and reputational risks and costs. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 With the increased importance and focus on climate change, we are making efforts to enhance our governance of climate change-related risks and integrate climate considerations into our risk governance framework. Nonetheless, the risks associated with climate change are rapidly changing and evolving in an escalating fashion, making them difficult to assess due to limited data and other uncertainties. We could experience increased expenses resulting from strategic planning, litigation, and technology and market changes, and reputational harm as a result of negative public sentiment, regulatory scrutiny, and reduced investor and stakeholder confidence due to our response to climate change and our climate change strategy, which, in turn, could have a material negative impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Risks Related to Finance and Accounting Accounting estimates and risk management processes rely on analytical models that may prove inaccurate resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The processes we use to estimate probable incurred loan losses and to measure the fair value of financial instruments, as well as the processes used to estimate the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations, depends upon the use of analytical models. These models reflect assumptions that may not be accurate, particularly in times of market stress or other unforeseen circumstances. Even if these assumptions are adequate, the models using those assumptions may prove to be inadequate or inaccurate because of other flaws in their design or their implementation. If the models we use for interest rate risk and asset-liability management are inadequate, we may incur increased or unexpected losses upon changes in market interest rates or other market measures. If the models we use for determining our probable loan losses are inadequate, the allowance for credit losses on loans may not be sufficient to support future charge-offs. If the models we use to measure the fair value of financial instruments are inadequate, the fair value of such financial instruments may fluctuate unexpectedly or may not accurately reflect what we could realize upon sale or settlement of such financial instruments. Any such failure in our analytical models could result in losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Changes in accounting standards could materially impact our financial statements. From time to time, the FASB or the SEC, may change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. Such changes may result in us being subject to new or changing accounting and reporting standards. In addition, the bodies that interpret the accounting standards (such as banking regulators or outside auditors) may change their interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. These changes may be beyond our control, can be hard to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retrospectively, or apply an existing standard differently, also retrospectively, in each case resulting in our needing to revise or restate prior period financial statements. Restating or revising our financial statements may result in reputational harm or may have other adverse effects on us. Failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price. We are required to comply with the SEC s rules implementing Section 302, Section 404, and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which will require management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of controls over financial reporting. In particular, we are required to certify our compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires us to furnish annually a report by management on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and our independent registered public accounting firm is required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. If we identify any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner or assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investors, counterparties and customers may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial statements and reports; our liquidity, access to capital markets and perceptions of our 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 creditworthiness could be adversely affected; and the market price of our common stock could decline. In addition, we could become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC, the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, the DFPI or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. These events could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price. We have significant deferred tax assets and cannot assure that it will be fully realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are the expected future tax amounts for the temporary differences between the carrying amounts and tax basis of assets and liabilities computed using enacted tax rates. We regularly assess available positive and negative evidence to determine whether it is more likely than not that our net deferred tax assets will be realized. Realization of a deferred tax asset requires us to apply significant judgment and is inherently speculative because it requires estimates that cannot be made with certainty. At December 31, 2022, we had a net deferred tax asset of 32.2 million. If we were to determine at some point in the future that we will not achieve sufficient future taxable income to realize our net deferred tax asset, we would be required, under generally accepted accounting principles, to establish a full or partial valuation allowance which would require us to incur a charge to income for the period in which the determination was made. Risks Related to Legislative and Regulatory Developments We are subject to extensive government regulation that could limit or restrict our activities, which in turn may adversely impact our ability to increase our assets and earnings. We operate in a highly regulated environment and are subject to supervision and regulation by a number of governmental regulatory agencies, including the Federal Reserve, the DFPI and the FDIC. Regulations adopted by these agencies, which are generally intended to provide protection for depositors and customers rather than for the benefit of shareholders, govern a comprehensive range of matters relating to ownership and control of our shares, our acquisition of other companies and businesses, permissible activities for us to engage in, maintenance of adequate capital levels, and other aspects of our operations. These bank regulators possess broad authority to prevent or remedy unsafe or unsound practices or violations of law. The laws and regulations applicable to the banking industry could change at any time and we cannot predict the effects of these changes on our business, profitability or growth strategy. Increased regulation could increase our cost of compliance and adversely affect profitability. Moreover, certain of these regulations contain significant punitive sanctions for violations, including monetary penalties and limitations on a bank s ability to implement components of its business plan, such as expansion through mergers and acquisitions or the opening of new branch offices. In addition, changes in regulatory requirements can significantly affect the services that we provide as well as the costs associated with compliance efforts. Furthermore, government policy and regulation, particularly as implemented through the Federal Reserve System, significantly affect credit conditions. Negative developments in the financial industry and the impact of new legislation and regulation in response to those developments could negatively impact our business operations and adversely impact our financial performance. In addition, adverse publicity and damage to our reputation arising from the failure or perceived failure to comply with legal, regulatory or contractual requirements could affect our ability to attract and retain customers. Legislative and regulatory actions taken now or in the future may impact our business, governance structure, financial condition or results of operations. Proposed legislative and regulatory actions, including changes to financial regulation and the corporate tax law, may not occur on the timeframe that is expected, or at all, which could result in additional uncertainty for our business. New proposals for legislation continue to be introduced in the U.S. Congress that could substantially increase regulation of the financial services industry, impose restrictions on the operations and general ability of firms within the industry to conduct business consistent with historical practices, including in the areas of compensation, interest rates, financial product offerings and disclosures, and have an effect on bankruptcy proceedings with respect to consumer residential real estate mortgages, among other things. Federal and state regulatory agencies also frequently adopt changes to their regulations or change the manner in which existing regulations are applied. Presently, in addition to refining existing regulations implemented after the 2008-2010 financial crisis, the banking regulators are also focusing their attention on certain policy areas, such as climate risk, digital currencies, and technological innovation. This new focus 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 may require us to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make any changes required by the legislation and accompanying rules. Certain aspects of current or proposed regulatory or legislative changes, including to laws applicable to the financial industry, if enacted or adopted, may impact the profitability of our business activities, require more oversight or change certain of our business practices, including the ability to offer new products, obtain financing, attract deposits, make loans and achieve satisfactory interest spreads, and could expose us to additional costs, including increased compliance costs. These changes also may require us to invest significant management attention and resources to make any necessary changes to operations to comply and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any proposed legislative or regulatory changes, including those that could benefit our business, financial condition and results of operations, may not occur on the timeframe that is proposed, or at all, which could result in additional uncertainty for our business. Federal and state regulators periodically examine our business, and we may be required to remediate adverse examination findings. The Federal Reserve and the DFPI periodically examine our business, including our compliance with laws and regulations. If, as a result of an examination, a banking agency were to determine that our financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity or other aspects of any of our operations had become unsatisfactory, or that we were in violation of any law or regulation, they may take a number of different remedial actions as they deem appropriate. These actions include the power to enjoin unsafe or unsound practices, to require affirmative action to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice, to issue an administrative order that can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in our capital, to restrict our growth, to assess civil money penalties, to fine or remove officers and directors and, if it is concluded that such conditions cannot be corrected or there is an imminent risk of loss to depositors, to terminate our deposit insurance and place us into receivership or conservatorship. Any regulatory action against us could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We face a risk of noncompliance and enforcement action with the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. The Bank Secrecy Act, the USA Patriot Act and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and maintain an effective anti-money laundering program and to file reports such as suspicious activity reports and currency transaction reports. We are required to comply with these and other anti-money laundering requirements. The federal banking agencies and Financial Crimes Enforcement Network are authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and have recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts against banks and other financial services providers with the U.S. Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration and Internal Revenue Service. We are also subject to increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control. If our policies, procedures and systems are deemed deficient, we would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions, which may include restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of our business plan, including our acquisition plans. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us. Any of these results could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to numerous laws designed to protect consumers, including the Community Reinvestment Act and fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to a wide variety of sanctions. The Community Reinvestment Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act and other fair lending laws and regulations impose non-discriminatory lending and other requirements on financial institutions. The U.S. Department of Justice and other federal agencies, including the FDIC and the CFPB, are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. A successful challenge to an institution s performance under the Community Reinvestment Act, fair lending and other compliance laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including the required payment of damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, imposition of restrictions on mergers and acquisitions activity and restrictions on expansion. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. The costs of defending, and any adverse outcome from, any such 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 challenge could damage our reputation or could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Regulations relating to privacy, information security and data protection could increase our costs, affect or limit how we collect and use personal information. We are subject to various privacy, information security and data protection laws, including requirements concerning security breach notification, and we could be negatively impacted by these laws. For example, our business is subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 which, among other things: (i) imposes certain limitations on our ability to share nonpublic personal information about our customers with nonaffiliated third parties; (ii) requires that we provide certain disclosures to customers about our information collection, sharing and security practices and afford customers the right to opt out of any information sharing by us with nonaffiliated third parties (with certain exceptions); and (iii) requires that we develop, implement and maintain a written comprehensive information security program containing safeguards appropriate based on our size and complexity, the nature and scope of our activities, and the sensitivity of customer information we process, as well as plans for responding to data security breaches. Various state and federal banking regulators and states have also enacted data security breach notification requirements with varying levels of individual, consumer, regulatory or law enforcement notification in certain circumstances in the event of a security breach. Moreover, legislators and regulators in the United States are increasingly adopting or revising privacy, information security and data protection laws that potentially could have a significant impact on our current and planned privacy, data protection and information security-related practices, our collection, use, sharing, retention and safeguarding of consumer or employee information. Compliance with current or future privacy, data protection and information security laws (including those regarding security breach notification) affecting customer or employee data to which we are subject could result in higher compliance and technology costs and could restrict our ability to provide certain products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our failure to comply with privacy, data protection and information security laws could result in potentially significant regulatory or governmental investigations or actions, litigation, fines, sanctions and damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Common Stock An investment in our common stock is not an insured deposit. An investment in our common stock is not a bank deposit and, therefore, is not insured against loss by the FDIC, any other deposit insurance fund or by any other public or private entity. Investment in our common stock is inherently risky for the reasons described herein, and is subject to the same market forces that affect the price of common stock in any company. As a result, if you acquire our common stock, you could lose some or all of your investment. The price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, and this may make it difficult for you to resell shares of common stock owned by you at times or at prices you find attractive. The stock market and, in particular, the market for financial institution stocks, has experienced significant volatility. In some cases, the markets have produced downward pressure on stock prices for certain issuers without regard to those issuers underlying financial strength. As a result, the trading volume in our common stock may fluctuate more than usual and cause significant price variations to occur. The trading price of the shares of our common stock will depend on many factors, which may change from time to time and which may be beyond our control, including, without limitation, our financial condition, performance, creditworthiness and prospects, future sales or offerings of our equity or equity related securities, and other factors identified above under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements and Risk Factors contained in this report. These broad market fluctuations have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect the market price of our common stock some of which are out of our control. Among the factors that could affect our stock price are: changes in business and economic condition; 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 actual or anticipated quarterly fluctuations in our operating results and financial condition; actual occurrence of one or more of the risk factors outlined above; recommendations by securities analysts or failure to meet, securities analysts estimates of our financial and operating performance, or lack of research reports by industry analysts or ceasing of coverage; speculation in the press or investment community generally or relating to our reputation, our operations, our market area, our competitors or the financial services industry in general; strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions, restructurings, dispositions or financings; actions by institutional investors; fluctuations in the stock price and operating results of our competitors; future sales of our equity, equity related or debt securities; proposed or adopted regulatory changes or developments; anticipated or pending investigations, proceedings, or litigation that involve or affect us; the level and extent to which we do or are allowed to pay dividends; trading activities in our common stock, including short selling; deletion from well-known index or indices; domestic and international economic factors unrelated to our performance; and general market conditions and, in particular, developments related to market conditions for the financial services industry. The trading volume in our common stock is less than that of other larger financial services companies. Although our common stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq, its trading volume is less than that of other, larger financial services companies, and investors are not assured that a liquid market will exist at any given time for our common stock. A public trading market having the desired characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness depends on the presence in the marketplace at any given time of willing buyers and sellers of our common stock. This presence depends on the individual decisions of investors and general economic and market conditions over which we have no control. Given the lower trading volume of our common stock, significant sales of our common stock, or the expectation of these sales, could cause our stock price to fall. Our dividend policy may change without notice, and our future ability to pay dividends is subject to restrictions. Historically, our board of directors has declared quarterly dividends on our common stock. However, we have no obligation to continue doing so and may change our dividend policy at any time without notice to holders of our common stock. Holders of our common stock are only entitled to receive such cash dividends as our board of directors, in its discretion, may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. Furthermore, consistent with our strategic plans, growth initiatives, capital availability, projected liquidity needs, and other factors, we have made, and will continue to make, capital management decisions and policies that could adversely impact the amount of dividends paid to holders of our common stock. HCC is a separate and distinct legal entity from HBC. We receive substantially all of our revenue from dividends paid to us by HBC, which we use as the principal source of funds to pay our expenses and to pay dividends to our shareholders, if any. Various federal and/or state laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends that HBC may pay us. If the HBC does not receive regulatory approval or does not maintain a level of capital sufficient to permit it to make dividend payments to us while maintaining adequate capital levels, our ability to pay our expenses and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. As a bank holding company, we are subject to regulation by the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve has indicated that bank holding companies should carefully review their dividend policy in relation to the organization s overall asset quality, current and prospective earnings and level, composition and quality of capital. The guidance provides that we inform and consult with the Federal Reserve prior to declaring and paying a dividend that exceeds earnings for the period for which the dividend is being paid or that could result in an adverse change to our capital structure, including interest on our debt obligations. If required payments on our debt obligations are not made or are deferred, or dividends on any preferred stock we may issue are not paid, we will be prohibited from paying dividends on our common stock. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 The Capital Rules also introduced a new capital conservation buffer on top of the minimum risk-based capital ratios. Failure to maintain a capital conservation buffer above certain levels will result in restrictions on the Company s ability to make dividend payments, redemptions or other capital distributions. These requirements, and any other new regulations or capital distribution constraints, could adversely affect the ability of the Company to pay dividends to HCC and, in turn, affect our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. We have limited the circumstances in which our directors will be liable for monetary damages. We have included in our articles of incorporation a provision to eliminate the liability of directors for monetary damages to the maximum extent permitted by California law. The effect of this provision will be to reduce the situations in which we or our shareholders will be able to seek monetary damages from our directors. Our bylaws also have a provision providing for indemnification of our directors and executive officers and advancement of litigation expenses to the fullest extent permitted or required by California law, including circumstances in which indemnification is otherwise discretionary. Also, we have entered into agreements with our officers and directors in which we similarly agreed to provide indemnification that is otherwise discretionary. Such indemnification may be available for liabilities arising in connection with future offerings. Future equity issuances could result in dilution, which could cause our common stock price to decline. We are generally not restricted from issuing additional shares of our common stock, up to the 100 million shares of voting common stock and 10 million shares of preferred stock authorized in our articles of incorporation (subject to Nasdaq shareholder approval rules), which in each case could be increased by a vote of a majority of our shares. We may issue additional shares of our common stock in the future pursuant to current or future equity compensation plans, upon conversions of preferred stock or debt, upon exercise of warrants or in connection with future acquisitions or financings. If we choose to raise capital by selling shares of our common stock for any reason, the issuance would have a dilutive effect on the holders of our common stock and could have a material negative effect on the market price of our common stock. We may issue shares of preferred stock in the future, which could make it difficult for another company to acquire us or could otherwise adversely affect holders of our common stock, which could depress the price of our common stock. Although there are currently no shares of our preferred stock issued and outstanding, our articles of incorporation authorize us to issue up to 10 million shares of one or more series of preferred stock. The board also has the power, without shareholder approval (subject to Nasdaq shareholder approval rules), to set the terms of any series of preferred stock that may be issued, including voting rights, dividend rights, preferences over our common stock with respect to dividends or in the event of a dissolution, liquidation or winding up and other terms. In the event that we issue preferred stock in the future that has preference over our common stock with respect to payment of dividends or upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or if we issue preferred stock with voting rights that dilute the voting power of our common stock, the rights of the holders of our common stock or the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected. In addition, the ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock without any action on the part of our shareholders may impede a takeover of us and prevent a transaction perceived to be favorable to our shareholders. The holders of our debt obligations will have priority over our common stock with respect to payment in the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up and with respect to the payment of interest and dividends. The holders of our debt obligations will have priority over our common stock with respect to payment in the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up and with respect to the payment of interest and dividends. In any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, our common stock would rank below all claims of the holders of outstanding debt issued by the Company. As of December 31, 2022, we had 40.0 million principal amount of subordinated notes outstanding due May 15, 2032. In such event, holders of our common stock would not be entitled to receive any payment or other distribution of assets upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company until after all of the Company s obligations to the debt holders were satisfied and holders of the subordinated debt had received 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 any payment or distribution due to them. In addition, we are required to pay interest on the subordinated notes and if we are in default in the payment of interest we would not be able to pay any dividends on our common stock. Provisions in our charter documents and California law may have an anti-takeover effect, and there are substantial regulatory limitations on changes of control of bank holding companies. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws contain a number of provisions relating to corporate governance and rights of shareholders that might discourage future takeover attempts. As a result, shareholders who might desire to participate in such transactions may not have an opportunity to do so. In addition, these provisions will also render the removal of our board of directors or management more difficult. Such provisions include a requirement that shareholder approval for any action proposed by the Company must be obtained at a shareholders meeting and may not be obtained by written consent. Our bylaws provide that shareholders seeking to make nominations of candidates for election as directors, or to bring other business before an annual meeting of the shareholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing and follow specific procedural steps in order for nominees or shareholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting. Provisions of our charter documents and the California General Corporation Law, or the CGCL, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would be perceived to be beneficial by our shareholders. Furthermore, with certain limited exceptions, federal regulations prohibit a person or company or a group of persons deemed to be acting in concert from, directly or indirectly, acquiring more than 10 (5 if the acquirer is a bank holding company) of any class of our voting stock or obtaining the ability to control in any manner the election of a majority of our directors or otherwise direct the management or policies of our company without prior notice or application to and the approval of the Federal Reserve. Under the California Financial Code, no person may, directly or indirectly, acquire control of a California state bank or its holding company unless the DFPI has approved such acquisition of control. A person would be deemed to have acquired control of HBC if such person, directly or indirectly, has the power (i) to vote 25 or more of the voting power of HBC or (ii) to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of HBC. For purposes of this law, a person who directly or indirectly owns or controls 10 or more of our outstanding common stock would be presumed to control HBC. Accordingly, prospective investors need to be aware of and comply with these requirements, if applicable, in connection with any purchase of shares of our common stock. Moreover, the combination of these provisions effectively inhibits certain mergers or other business combinations, which, in turn, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES The main and executive offices of Heritage Commerce Corp and Heritage Bank of Commerce are located at 224 Airport Parkway in San Jose, California 95110, with branch offices located at 15575 Los Gatos Boulevard in Los Gatos, California 95032, at 3137 Stevenson Boulevard in Fremont, California 94538, at 387 Diablo Road in Danville, California 94526, at 300 Main Street in Pleasanton, California 94566, at 1990 N. California Boulevard in Walnut Creek, California 94596, at 1987 First Street in Livermore, California 94550, at 18625 Sutter Boulevard in Morgan Hill, California 95037, at 7598 Monterey Street in Gilroy, California 95020, at 351 Tres Pinos Road in Hollister, California 95023, at 419 S. San Antonio Road in Los Altos, California 94022, at 333 W. El Camino Real in Sunnyvale, California 94087, at 325 Lytton Avenue in Palo Alto, California 94301, at 400 S. El Camino Real in San Mateo, California, 94402, at 2400 Broadway in Redwood City, California 94063, at 120 Kearny Street in San Francisco, California 94108, at 999 5 th Avenue in San Rafael, California 94901 and at 1111 Broadway in Oakland, California 94607. Bay View Funding s administrative offices are located at 224 Airport Parkway, San Jose, California 95110. Main Offices The main office of HBC, the San Jose branch office of HBC and the Bay View Funding administrative office are located at 224 Airport Parkway in San Jose, consisting of approximately 54,910 square feet in a six-story Class-A type office building, which are subject to a direct lease dated June 27, 2019, which expires on July 31, 2030. The current 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 monthly rent payment is 216,006, subject to 3 annual increases. The Company has reserved the right to extend the term of the lease for one additional period of five years. Branch Offices In June of 2007, as part of the acquisition of Diablo Valley Bank, the Company took ownership of an 8,285 square foot one-story commercial office building, including the land, located at 387 Diablo Road in Danville, California. In March of 2018, the Company extended its lease for approximately 3,022 square feet on the first floor of a three-story multi-tenant office building located at 333 West El Camino Real in Sunnyvale, California. The current monthly rent payment is 18,805, subject to annual increases of 3 until the lease expires on May 31, 2023. The Company has announced that it is closing the Sunnyvale branch office on April 28, 2023. In November of 2018, the Company extended its lease for approximately 1,920 square feet in a one-story stand-alone building located in an office complex at 15575 Los Gatos Boulevard in Los Gatos, California. The current monthly rent payment is 7,563, subject to annual increases of 3 until the lease expires on November 30, 2023. The Company has reserved the right to extend the term of the lease for one additional period of five years. In May of 2019, the Company amended its lease for approximately 4,096 square feet in a one-story stand-alone office building located at 300 Main Street in Pleasanton, California. The current monthly rent payment is 22,374, subject to 3 annual increases until the lease expires on April 30, 2026. The Company has reserved the right to extend the term of the lease for two additional periods of five years. In June of 2019, the Company extended its lease for an additional five years for approximately 3,391 square feet in a two-story multi-tenant commercial center located at 351 Tres Pinos in Hollister, California. The current monthly rent payment is 5,213, subject to 3 annual increases until the lease expires on June 30, 2024. In August of 2019, the Company extended its lease for approximately 3,772 square feet on the first and second floors in a two-story multi-tenant multi-use building located at 1987 First Street in Livermore, California. The current monthly rent payment is 9,045, until the lease expires on September 30, 2024. The Company has reserved the right to extend the term of the lease for one additional period of five years. In October of 2019, as part of the acquisition of Presidio Bank, the Company assumed a lease for approximately 4,154 square feet on the first floor in a multi-tenant office building located at 325 Lytton Avenue in Palo Alto, California. The current monthly rent payment is 40,966, subject to annual increases of 3 until the lease expires on January 31, 2025. The Company has reserved the right to extend the lease for one additional period of five years. In October of 2019, also as part of the acquisition of Presidio Bank, the Company assumed a lease for approximately 7,029 square feet on the first floor in a multi-tenant office building located at 1990 N. California Boulevard in Walnut Creek, California. The current monthly rent payment is 29,733, subject to annual increases of 3 until the lease expires December 31, 2027. The Company has reserved the right to extend the lease for one additional period of five years. In October of 2019, also as part of the acquisition of Presidio Bank, the Company assumed a lease for approximately 3,063 square feet on the first floor in a multi-tenant office building located at 400 S. Camino Real in San Mateo, California expiring on October 31,2024. In January 2020, The Company amended the lease expiration date to October 31, 2030 and executed a new lease for an additional space on the tenth floor for approximately 5,023 square feet. The current monthly rent payment for the combined space of approximately 8,086 square feet is 59,928, subject to annual increases of 3 until the lease expires October 31, 2030. The Company has reserved the right to extend the lease for two additional period of five years. In February 2020, the Company extended its lease for approximately 3,172 square feet in a one-story multi-tenant multi-use building located at 3137 Stevenson Boulevard in Fremont, California. The current monthly rent payment is 10,432, subject to annual increases of 3 until the lease expires on February 29, 2024. The Company has reserved the right to extend the term of the lease for one additional period of three years. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 In January of 2021, the Company amended and extended its lease for approximately 6,233 square feet on the twenty third floor in a multi-tenant office building located at 120 Kearny Street in San Francisco, California. The current monthly rent payment is 45,475, subject to annual increases of 3 until the lease expires on March 31, 2026. The Company has reserved the right to extend the term of the lease for one additional period or five years. In May of 2021, the Company extended its lease for approximately 4,716 square feet in a one-story multi-tenant office building located at 18625 Sutter Boulevard in Morgan Hill, California. The current monthly rent payment is 6,013, subject to annual increases of 2 until the lease expires on October 31, 2026. The Company has reserved the right to extend the term of the lease for one additional period of five years. In May of 2021, the Company extended its lease for approximately 2,505 square feet on the first floor in a three-story multi-tenant multi-use building located at 7598 Monterey Street in Gilroy, California. The current monthly rent payment is 6,104 until the lease expires on September 30, 2023. The Company has reserved the right to extend the term of the lease for one additional period of two years. In December of 2021, the Company entered into a new lease agreement for approximately 4,099 square feet on the sixteenth floor in a multi-tenant office building located at 1111 Broadway in Oakland, CA. The current monthly rent payment is 23,569, subject to annual increases of 3 until the lease expires on June 30, 2029. The Company has reserved the right to extend the term of the lease for one additional period of five years. In April of 2022, the Company extended its lease for approximately 2,369 square feet on the first floor of a two-story multi-tenant multi-use building located at 2400 Broadway in Redwood City, California. The current monthly rent payment is 14,398 until the lease expires on October 31, 2024. In August of 2022, the Company extended its lease for approximately 4,188 square feet on the first floor in a multi-tenant office building located at 999 5 th Avenue in San Rafael, California. The current monthly rent payment is 17,704, subject to annual increases of 3 until the lease expires on December 31, 2027. The Company has reserved the right to extend the lease for one additional period of five years. In January of 2023, the Company extended its lease for approximately 5,213 square feet on the first floor in a two-story multi-tenant office building located at 419 S. San Antonio Road in Los Altos, California. The current monthly rent payment is 31,968, subject to annual increases of 3 until the lease expires on April 30, 2030. The Company has reserved the right to extend the term of the lease for one additional period of five years. Bay View Funding Office The Bay View Funding administrative office is located at 224 Airport Parkway in San Jose, California, consisting of approximately 7,849 square feet and is subject to a sublease with Heritage Bank of Commerce dated March 6, 2020. The current monthly rent payment is 29,968, which is included in the main office of HBC s total rent of 216,006, subject to 3 annual increases until the sublease expires July 31, 2030. For additional information on operating leases and rent expense, refer to Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements following Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules . ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We evaluate all claims and lawsuits with respect to their potential merits, our potential defenses and counterclaims, settlement or litigation potential and the expected effect on us. The outcome of any claims or litigation, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. Any claims and other lawsuits, and the disposition of such claims and lawsuits, whether through settlement or litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert our attention from executing our business plan, result in efforts to enjoin our activities, and lead to attempts by third parties to seek similar claims. For more information regarding legal proceedings, see Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies to the consolidated financial statements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not Applicable. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information The Company s common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol HTBK. The closing price of our common stock on February 9, 2023 was 12.17 per share as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market. As of February 9, 2023, there were approximately 808 holders of record of common stock. There are no other classes of common equity outstanding. Dividend Policy The amount of future dividends will depend upon our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors, and will be determined by our Board of Directors on a quarterly basis. It is Federal Reserve policy that bank holding companies generally pay dividends on common stock only out of income available over the past year, and only if prospective earnings retention is consistent with the organization s expected future needs and financial condition. It is also Federal Reserve policy that bank holding companies not maintain dividend levels that undermine the holding company s ability to be a source of strength to its banking subsidiaries. Additionally, in consideration of the current financial and economic environment, the Federal Reserve has indicated that bank holding companies should carefully review their dividend policy and has discouraged payment ratios that are at maximum allowable levels unless both asset quality and capital are very strong. Under the federal Prompt Corrective Action regulations, the Federal Reserve or the FDIC may prohibit a bank holding company from paying any dividends if the holding company s bank subsidiary is classified as undercapitalized. As a holding company, our ability to pay cash dividends is affected by the ability of our bank subsidiary, HBC, to pay cash dividends. The ability of HBC (and our ability) to pay cash dividends in the future and the amount of any such cash dividends is and could be in the future further influenced by bank regulatory requirements and approvals and capital guidelines. The decision whether to pay dividends will be made by our board of directors in light of conditions then existing, including factors such as our results of operations, financial condition, business conditions, regulatory capital requirements and covenants under any applicable contractual arrangements, including agreements with regulatory authorities. For information on the statutory and regulatory limitations on the ability of the Company to pay dividends and on HBC to pay dividends to HCC see Item 1 Business Supervision and Regulation Heritage Commerce Corp Dividend Payments, Stock Redemptions, and Repurchases and Heritage Bank of Commerce Dividend Payments. Performance Graph The following graph compares the stock performance of the Company from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022, to the performance of several specific industry indices. The performance of the S P 500 Index, NASDAQ Stock Index and NASDAQ Bank Stocks were used as comparisons to the Company s stock performance. Management believes that a performance comparison to these indices provides meaningful information and has therefore included those comparisons in the following graph. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 The following chart compares the stock performance of the Company from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022, to the performance of several specific industry indices. The performance of the S P 500 Index, NASDAQ Stock Index and NASDAQ Bank Stocks were used as comparisons to the Company s stock performance. 

Period Ending Index 12/31/17 12/31/18 12/31/19 12/31/20 12/31/21 12/31/22 Heritage Commerce Corp 100 74 84 58 78 85 S P 500 100 94 121 140 178 144 NASDAQ - Total US 100 96 130 187 227 152 NASDAQ Bank Index 100 82 100 89 124 101 

 Source: S P Global (434) 977-1600 

 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion provides information about the results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and capital resources of Heritage Commerce Corp (the Company or HCC ), its wholly-owned subsidiary, Heritage Bank of Commerce (the Bank or HBC ), and HBC s wholly-owned subsidiary, CSNK Working Capital Finance Corp, a California Corporation, dba Bay View Funding. This information is intended to facilitate the understanding and assessment of significant changes and trends related to our financial condition and the results of operations. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes presented elsewhere in this report. Unless we state otherwise or the context indicates otherwise, references to the Company, Heritage, we, us, and our, in this Report on Form 10-K refer to Heritage Commerce Corp and its subsidiaries. The Company completed its acquisition of Bay View Funding on November 1, 2014. The Company completed its merger with Focus Business Bank Focus on August 20, 2015. The Company completed its merger with Tri-Valley Bank Tri-Valley on April 6, 2018, and the Company completed its merger with United American Bank United American on May 4, 2018. The Company completed its merger with Presidio Bank Presidio on October 11, 2019. These mergers are discussed in more detail below, and in Notes 1 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of financial statements in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP requires management to make a number of judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, income and expense in the financial statements. Various elements of our accounting policies, by their nature, involve the application of highly sensitive and judgmental estimates and assumptions. Some of these policies and estimates relate to matters that are highly complex and contain inherent uncertainties. It is possible that, in some instances, different estimates and assumptions could reasonably have been made and used by management, instead of those we applied, which might have produced different results that could have had a material effect on the financial statements. Our most significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. Certain of these accounting policies require management to use significant judgment and estimates, which can have a material impact on the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities, and we consider these policies to be our critical accounting estimates. The judgment and assumptions made are based upon historical experience, future forecasts, or other factors that management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Because of the nature of the judgment and assumptions, actual results could differ from estimates, which could have a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The following accounting policies materially affect our reported earnings and financial condition and require significant judgments and estimates. Management has reviewed these critical accounting estimates and related disclosures with our Board of Directors Audit Committee. Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans ACLL On January 1, 2020, the Company adopted the current expected credit loss CECL model under Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-13 (Topic 326) using the modified retrospective approach. See Note 4 Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans to the consolidated financial statements and the Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans section for more information on the ACLL. The allowance for credit losses on loans represents management s estimate of all expected credit losses over the expected contractual life of the loan portfolio. The ACLL is a valuation amount that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of loans, and is adjusted each period by an expense or credit for credit losses, which is recognized in earnings, and reduced by loan charge-offs, net of recoveries. Determining the appropriateness of the ACLL is complex and requires judgement by management about inherently uncertain factors. Management utilizes a discounted cash flow methodology to estimate the ACLL. Expected cash flows are estimated for each loan and discounted using the contractual terms of the loan, calculated probabilities of default, loss 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 given default, prepayment and curtailment estimates as well as qualitative factors. The probability of default estimates are generated using a regression models used to estimate the likelihood of a loan being charged-off within the life of the loan. The regression model uses combinations of variables to assess historical loss correlations to economic factors and these variables become model forecast inputs for economic factors that are updated in the model each period. The Bank uses an economic forecast provided by a third-party for these model inputs. These economic factors included variables such as California state gross product, California unemployment rate, California home price index, and a commercial real estate value index. Qualitative factors are also applied by management to reflect increased portfolio risks from such factors as collateral value risk, portfolio growth, or loan grade and performance trends that management has assessed as not being fully captured in the quantitative estimate. The ACLL represents management s best estimate of potential loan losses, but significant changes in prevailing economic conditions could result in material changes in the allowance. Generally, an improving economic forecast generates a lower ACLL estimate than a weakening economic forecast. One of the most significant judgments used in estimating the ACLL is the reasonable and supportable macroeconomic forecast for the economic factors used in the model. Changes in the macroeconomic forecast, especially for California state gross product and the California unemployment rate, could significantly impact the calculated estimated credit loss. The economic forecast utilized for the ACLL model input is inherently uncertain and many external factors could impact these forecasts. Management reviews the forecast inputs to ensure they are reasonable and supportable, however, changes in local and national economic conditions will impact the allowance level and an increase in the California unemployment rate specifically would have the largest impact on the allowance level. While management utilizes its best judgement and current information available, the adequacy of the ACLL is significantly determined by certain factors outside the Company s control, such as the performance of our loan portfolio, changes in the economic environment including economic uncertainty, changes in interest rates, and any regulatory changes. Additionally, the level of ACLL may fluctuate based on the balance and mix of the loan portfolio. Qualitative factors are evaluated each period and applied in instances when management assesses that additional risks not captured in the quantitative estimate should be factored into the overall ACLL estimate. These risks include loan performance trends, collateral value risk and portfolio growth characteristics. Changes in the assessment of these qualitative factors could significantly impact the calculated estimated credit loss. Other key assumptions in the calculation of the ACLL include the forecast and reversion to mean time periods for the economic factor inputs, and prepayment and curtailment assumptions. The model calculation is less sensitive to these assumptions than to the macroeconomic forecast and the application of qualitative factors. Executive Summary This summary is intended to identify the most important matters on which management focuses when it evaluates the financial condition and performance of the Company. When evaluating financial condition and performance management looks at certain key metrics and measures. The Company s evaluation includes comparisons with peer group financial institutions and its own performance objectives established in the internal planning process. The primary activity of the Company is commercial banking. The Company s operations are located in the general San Francisco Bay Area of California in the counties of Alameda, Contra Costa, Marin, San Benito, San Francisco, San Mateo, and Santa Clara. The Company s market includes the cities of Oakland, San Francisco and San Jose and the headquarters of a number of technology based companies in the region known commonly as Silicon Valley. The Company s customers are primarily closely held businesses and professionals. Performance Overview For the year ended December 31, 2022, net income was 66.6 million, or 1.09 per average diluted common share, compared to 47.7 million, or 0.79 per average diluted common share, for the year ended December 31, 2021, and 35.3 million, or 0.59 per average diluted common share for the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company s annualized return on average tangible assets was 1.27 and annualized return on average tangible common equity was 15.57 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.96 and 11.86 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021, and 0.83 and 9.04 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Factoring Activities - Bay View Funding 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Total factored receivables at period-end 79,263 53,229 Average factored receivables: For the year ended 64,099 52,618 Total full time equivalent employees at period-end 28 31 2022 Highlights The following are major factors that impacted the Company s results of operations: Net interest income increased 23 to 179.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 146.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the FTE net interest margin increased 52 basis points to 3.57 , compared to 3.05 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to higher average balances of loans and investment securities, higher average yields on investment securities and overnight funds, partially offset by lower interest and fees on Small Business Administration SBA Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans, a decrease in the accretion of the loan purchase discount into interest income from acquired loans, lower prepayment fees, a lower yield on the Bay View Funding factoring portfolio, and a higher cost of funds. The average yield on the total loan portfolio decreased to 4.91 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 5.03 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to a decrease in interest and fees on PPP loans, a decrease in the accretion of the loan purchase discount into interest income from acquired loans, lower prepayment fees, and an increase in the average balance of lower yielding purchased residential mortgages. In aggregate, the remaining net purchase discount on total loans acquired was 4.6 million at December 31, 2022. The average cost of deposits was 0.15 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.11 for the year ended December 31, 2021. There was a 766,000 provision for credit losses on loans for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a 3.1 million negative provision for credit losses on loans for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, total noninterest income increased 4 to 10.1 million, compared to 9.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to higher income on off-balance sheet deposits, and a 669,000 gain on warrants, partially offset by a lower gain on sale of SBA loans and a lower gain on proceeds from company-owned life insurance during the year ended December 31, 2022. Noninterest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased to 94.9 million, compared to 93.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to higher salaries and employee benefits, higher rent included in occupancy and equipment expense, and higher insurance and information technology related expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022. These increases during 2022 were partially offset by higher legal fees included in professional fees and a reserve for a legal settlement included in other noninterest expense during the year ended December 31, 2021. The efficiency ratio for the year ended December 31, 2022 improved to 44.93 , compared to 59.74 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in net interest income from the rising interest 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 rate environment. 
 Income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 27.8 million, compared to 18.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 29.5 , compared to 27.6 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The following are important factors in understanding our current financial condition and liquidity position: Cash, interest bearing deposits in other financial institutions and securities available-for-sale, at fair value, decreased (43 to 796.2 million at December 31, 2022, from 1.408 billion at December 31, 2021. Securities held-to-maturity, at amortized cost, totaled 715.0 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 658.4 million at December 31, 2021. Loans, excluding loans held-for-sale, increased 211.2 million, or 7 , to 3.299 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 3.087 billion at December 31, 2021. Total loans at December 31, 2022, included 1.2 million of PPP loans, compared to 88.7 million at December 31, 2021. Total loans at December 31, 2022 included 537.9 million of residential mortgages, compared to 416.7 million at December 31, 2021. Loans, excluding loans held-for-sale, PPP loans and residential mortgages, increased 175.5 million, or 7 , to 2.760 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 2.584 billion at December 31, 2021. Nonperforming assets NPAs were 2.4 million, or 0.05 of total assets at December 31, 2022, compared to 3.7 million, or 0.07 of total assets at December 31, 2021. Classified assets were 14.5 million, or 0.28 of total assets, at December 31, 2022, compared to 33.7 million, or 0.61 of total assets, at December 31, 2021. Net recoveries totaled 3.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net recoveries of 2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The ACLL at December 31, 2022, was 47.5 million, or 1.44 of total loans, representing 1,959.26 of nonperforming loans. The ACLL at December 31, 2021, was 43.3 million, or 1.40 of total loans, representing 1,158.11 of nonperforming loans. Total deposits decreased 369.8) million, or (8 ), to 4.390 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 4.759 billion at December 31, 2021. Deposits, excluding all time deposits and CDARS deposits, decreased 369.1) million, or (8 ), to 4.219 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 4.588 billion at December 31, 2021. Off-balance sheet deposits increased 9.4 million, or 4 , to 254.4 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 245.0 million at December 31, 2021. The ratio of noncore funding (which consists of time deposits of 250,000 and over, CDARS deposits, brokered deposits, securities under agreement to repurchase, subordinated debt and short-term borrowings) to total assets was 3.45 at December 31, 2022, compared to 3.14 at December 31, 2021. The loan to deposit ratio was 75.14 at December 31, 2022, compared to 64.87 at December 31, 2021. The Company s consolidated capital ratios exceeded regulatory guidelines and the Bank s capital ratios exceeded regulatory guidelines for a well-capitalized financial institution under the Basel III regulatory requirements at December 31, 2022. 

 59 

Table of Contents 

Well-capitalized Heritage Heritage Financial Institution Basel III Minimum Commerce Bank of Basel III PCA Regulatory Regulatory Capital Ratios Corp Commerce Guidelines Requirement(1) Total Capital 14.8 14.2 10.0 10.5 Tier 1 Capital 12.7 13.2 8.0 8.5 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 12.7 13.2 6.5 7.0 Tier 1 Leverage 9.2 9.5 5.0 4.0 

 (1) Basel III minimum regulatory requirements for both HCC and HBC include a 2.5 capital conservation buffer, except the leverage ratio. 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The Company earns income from two primary sources. The first is interest income, which is interest income generated by earning assets less interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities. The second is noninterest income, which primarily consists of gains on the sale of loans, loan servicing fees, customer service charges and fees, the increase in cash surrender value of life insurance, and gains on the sale of securities. The majority of the Company s noninterest expenses are operating costs that relate to providing a full range of banking services to our customers. Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin The level of net interest income depends on several factors in combination, including growth in earning assets, yields on earning assets, the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, the relative volumes of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and the mix of products that comprise the Company s earning assets, deposits, and other interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income can also be impacted by the reversal of interest on loans placed on nonaccrual status, and recovery of interest on loans that have been on nonaccrual and are either sold or returned to accrual status. To maintain its net interest margin, the Company must manage the relationship between interest earned and paid. The following Distribution, Rate and Yield table presents for each of the past three years, the average amounts outstanding for the major categories of the Company s balance sheet, the average interest rates earned or paid thereon, and the resulting net interest margin on average interest earning assets for the periods indicated. Average balances are based on daily averages. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest Average Interest Average Interest Average Average Income / Yield / Average Income / Yield / Average Income / Yield / Balance Expense Rate Balance Expense Rate Balance Expense Rate (Dollars in thousands) Assets: Loans, gross (1)(2) 3,119,006 153,010 4.91 2,766,321 139,244 5.03 2,631,495 133,169 5.06 Securities taxable 983,137 20,666 2.10 534,387 8,678 1.62 578,506 11,637 2.01 Securities exempt from Federal tax (3) 40,478 1,372 3.39 60,566 1,995 3.29 74,849 2,415 3.23 Other investments, interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions and Federal funds sold 908,931 14,068 1.55 1,444,356 3,758 0.26 786,955 3,757 0.48 Total interest earning assets (3) 5,051,552 189,116 3.74 4,805,630 153,675 3.20 4,071,805 150,978 3.71 Cash and due from banks 37,287 39,841 40,401 Premises and equipment, net 9,574 10,056 9,497 Goodwill and other intangible assets 180,061 182,887 186,239 Other assets 122,746 127,880 126,387 Total assets 5,401,220 5,166,294 4,434,329 Liabilities and shareholders equity: Deposits: Demand, noninterest-bearing 1,863,928 1,834,909 1,638,055 Demand, interest-bearing 1,224,676 2,415 0.20 1,164,556 1,988 0.17 891,513 2,035 0.23 Savings and money market 1,394,283 3,720 0.27 1,251,438 2,195 0.18 1,026,319 3,144 0.31 Time deposits under 100 12,587 21 0.17 14,924 29 0.19 17,659 67 0.38 Time deposits 100 and over 122,018 609 0.50 128,753 598 0.46 128,461 1,009 0.79 CDARS interest-bearing demand, money market and time deposits 29,708 5 0.02 32,305 6 0.02 17,889 5 0.03 Total interest-bearing deposits 2,783,272 6,770 0.24 2,591,976 4,816 0.19 2,081,841 6,260 0.30 Total deposits 4,647,200 6,770 0.15 4,426,885 4,816 0.11 3,719,896 6,260 0.17 Subordinated debt, net of issuance costs 41,739 2,178 5.22 39,827 2,314 5.81 39,641 2,320 5.85 Short-term borrowings 24 45 1 2.22 139 1 0.72 Total interest-bearing liabilities 2,825,035 8,948 0.32 2,631,848 7,131 0.27 2,121,621 8,581 0.40 Total interest-bearing liabilities and demand, noninterest-bearing / cost of funds 4,688,963 8,948 0.19 4,466,757 7,131 0.16 3,759,676 8,581 0.23 Other liabilities 104,654 114,381 97,978 Total liabilities 4,793,617 4,581,138 3,857,654 Shareholders equity 607,603 585,156 576,675 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 5,401,220 5,166,294 4,434,329 Net interest income (3) / margin 180,168 3.57 146,544 3.05 142,397 3.50 Less tax equivalent adjustment (3) (288) (419) (507) Net interest income 179,880 146,125 141,890 

 (1) Includes loans held-for-sale. Nonaccrual loans are included in average balance. (2) Yield amounts earned on loans include fees and costs. The accretion of net deferred loan fees into loan interest income was 3.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 (of which 2.1 million was from PPP loans), compared to 11.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 (of which 10.0 million was from PPP loans), and 4.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 (of which 3.9 million were from PPP loans). Prepayment fees totaled 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and 1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. (3) Reflects tax equivalent adjustment for Federal tax exempt income based on a 21 tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

61 

Table of Contents 
 The Volume and Rate Variances table below sets forth the dollar difference in interest earned and paid for each major category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities for the noted periods, and the amount of such change attributable to changes in average balances (volume) or changes in average interest rates. Volume variances are equal to the increase or decrease in the average balance multiplied by prior period rates and rate variances are equal to the increase or decrease in the average rate multiplied by the prior period average balance. Variances attributable to both rate and volume changes are equal to the change in rate multiplied by the change in average balance and are included below in the average volume column. 

Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Increase (Decrease) Increase (Decrease) Due to Change in: Due to Change in: Average Average Net Average Average Net Volume Rate Change Volume Rate Change (Dollars in thousands) Income from the interest earning assets: Loans, gross 17,184 (3,418) 13,766 6,880 (805) 6,075 Securities taxable 9,444 2,544 11,988 (694) (2,265) (2,959) Securities exempt from Federal tax (1) (681) 58 (623) (468) 48 (420) Other investments, interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions and Federal funds sold (8,320) 18,630 10,310 1,712 (1,711) 1 Total interest income on interest-earning assets 17,627 17,814 35,441 7,430 (4,733) 2,697 Expense from the interest-bearing liabilities: Demand, interest-bearing 86 341 427 472 (519) (47) Savings and money market 341 1,184 1,525 348 (1,297) (949) Time deposits under 100 (4) (4) (8) (5) (33) (38) Time deposits 100 and over (35) 46 11 7 (418) (411) CDARS interest-bearing demand, money market and time deposits (1) (1) 2 (1) 1 Subordinated debt, net of issuance costs 99 (235) (136) 11 (17) (6) Short-term borrowings (1) (1) (2) 2 Total interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities 486 1,331 1,817 833 (2,283) (1,450) Net interest income 17,141 16,483 33,624 6,597 (2,450) 4,147 Less tax equivalent adjustment 131 88 Net interest income 33,755 4,235 

 (1) Reflects tax equivalent adjustment for Federal tax exempt income based on a 21 tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

 Net interest income increased 23 to 179.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 146.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the FTE net interest margin increased 52 basis points to 3.57 , compared to 3.05 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to higher average balances of loans and investment securities, higher average yields on investment securities and overnight funds, partially offset by lower interest and fees on PPP loans, a decrease in the accretion of the loan purchase discount into interest income from acquired loans, lower prepayment fees, a lower yield on the Bay View Funding factoring portfolio, and a higher cost of funds. Net interest income increased 3 to 146.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 141.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the FTE net interest margin contracted 45 basis points to 3.05 for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 3.50 for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to a decline in the average yields on loans, investment securities, and overnight funds, and a shift in the mix of earning assets toward lower yielding shorter term investments, partially offset by an increase in the accretion of the loan purchase discount into interest income from acquired loans, higher interest and fee income from PPP loans, higher loan prepayment fees, and lower costs of deposits. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 The following tables present the average balance of loans outstanding, interest income, and the average yield for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Average Interest Average Average Interest Average Average Interest Average Balance Income Yield Balance Income Yield Balance Income Yield (Dollars in thousands) Loans, core bank 2,561,195 117,582 4.59 2,299,367 101,690 4.42 2,297,938 107,780 4.69 Prepayment fees 1,278 0.05 2,700 0.12 1,121 0.05 PPP loans 21,689 213 0.98 249,253 2,481 1.00 218,391 2,185 1.00 PPP fees, net 2,054 9.47 9,995 4.01 3,877 1.78 Asset-based lending 51,990 3,613 6.95 39,798 2,106 5.29 29,686 1,751 5.90 Bay View Funding factored receivables 64,099 12,819 20.00 52,618 11,485 21.83 45,765 10,727 23.44 Purchased residential mortgages 417,672 12,395 2.97 122,566 3,555 2.90 29,648 725 2.45 Purchased CRE loans 8,143 317 3.89 12,436 441 3.55 24,072 831 3.45 Loan credit mark / accretion (5,782) 2,739 0.11 (9,717) 4,791 0.21 (14,005) 4,172 0.18 Total loans (includes loans held-for-sale) 3,119,006 153,010 4.91 2,766,321 139,244 5.03 2,631,495 133,169 5.06 The average yield on the total loan portfolio decreased to 4.91 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 5.03 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to a decrease in interest and fees on PPP loans, a decrease in the accretion of the loan purchase discount into interest income from acquired loans, lower prepayment fees, and an increase in the average balance of lower yielding purchased residential mortgages. The average yield on the total loan portfolio decreased to 5.03 for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 5.06 for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to a decline in the average yield on core bank loans, and increases in the average balances of lower yielding purchased residential mortgages, partially offset by increases in interest and fees on PPP loans, higher loan prepayment fees, and an increase in the accretion of the loan purchase discount into interest income from acquired loans. There were higher fees recognized into income on PPP loans for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily as of a result of accelerated forgiveness of the PPP loans by the SBA. In aggregate, the remaining net purchase discount on total loans acquired was 4.6 million at December 31, 2022. The average cost of deposits was 0.15 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.11 for the year ended December 31, 2021, and 0.17 for the year ended December 31, 2020. Provision for Credit Losses on Loans Credit risk is inherent in the business of making loans. The Company establishes an allowance for credit losses on loans through charges to earnings, which are presented in the statements of income as the provision for credit losses on loans. Specifically identifiable and quantifiable known losses are promptly charged off against the allowance. The provision for credit losses on loans is determined by conducting a quarterly evaluation of the adequacy of the Company s allowance for credit losses on loans and charging the shortfall or excess, if any, to the current quarter s expense. This has the effect of creating variability in the amount and frequency of charges to the Company s earnings. The provision for credit losses on loans and level of allowance for each period are dependent upon many factors, including loan growth, net charge-offs, changes in the composition of the loan portfolio, delinquencies, management s assessment of the quality of the loan portfolio, the valuation of problem loans and the general economic conditions in the Company s market area. The provision for credit losses on loans and level of allowance for each period are also dependent on forecast data for the state of California including GDP and unemployment rate projections. There was a 766,000 provision for credit losses on loans for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a 3.1 million negative provision for credit losses on loans for the year ended December 31, 2021, and a 13.2 million provision for credit losses on loans for the year ended December 31, 2020. The higher provision for credit losses on loans for the year ended December 31, 2020 was driven primarily by a significantly deteriorating economic outlook resulting from the Coronavirus pandemic. Provisions for credit losses on loans are charged to operations to bring the allowance for credit losses on loans to a level deemed appropriate by the Company based on the factors discussed under Credit Quality and Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 Noninterest Income The following table sets forth the various components of the Company s noninterest income: 

Increase Increase Year Ended (decrease) (Decrease) December 31, 2022 versus 2021 2021 versus 2020 2022 2021 2020 Amount Percent Amount Percent (Dollars in thousands) Service charges and fees on deposit accounts 4,640 2,488 2,859 2,152 86 (371) (13) Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance 1,925 1,838 1,845 87 5 (7) (0) Gain on warrants 669 11 449 658 5,982 (438) (98) Servicing income 508 553 673 (45) (8) (120) (18) Gain on sales of SBA loans 491 1,718 839 (1,227) (71) 879 105 Termination fees 61 797 89 (736) (92) 708 796 Gain on proceeds from company-owned life insurance 27 675 20 (648) (96) 655 3,275 Gain on the disposition of foreclosed assets 791 N/A (791) (100) Gain on sales of securities 277 N/A (277) (100) Other 1,790 1,608 2,080 182 11 (472) (23) Total 10,111 9,688 9,922 423 4 (234) (2) For the year ended December 31, 2022, total noninterest income increased 4 to 10.1 million, compared to 9.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to higher income on off-balance sheet deposits, and a 669,000 gain on warrants, partially offset by a lower gain on sale of SBA loans and a lower gain on proceeds from company-owned life insurance during the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, noninterest income was 9.7 million, compared to 9.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to lower service charges and fees on deposits accounts and servicing income during 2021, and a 791,000 gain on disposition of foreclosed assets, a 449,000 gain on warrants, and a 277,000 gain on the sale of securities during 2020. These decreases were partially offset by a higher gain on sales of SBA loans, higher termination fees at Bay View Funding, and a 675,000 gain on proceeds for company owned life insurance during 2021. A portion of the Company s noninterest income is associated with its SBA lending activity, as gain on sales of loans sold in the secondary market and servicing income from loans sold with servicing rights retained. During 2022, SBA loan sales resulted in a 491,000 gain, compared to a 1.7 million gain on sales of SBA loans in 2021, and an 839,000 gain on sales of SBA loans in 2020. The servicing assets that result from the sales of SBA loans with servicing retained are amortized over the expected term of the loans using a method approximating the interest method. Servicing income generally declines as the respective loans are repaid. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Noninterest Expense The following table sets forth the various components of the Company s noninterest expense: 

Increase Increase Year Ended (Decrease) (Decrease) December 31, 2022 versus 2021 2021 versus 2020 2022 2021 2020 Amount Percent Amount Percent (Dollars in thousands) Salaries and employee benefits 55,331 51,862 50,571 3,469 7 1,291 3 Occupancy and equipment 9,639 9,038 8,018 601 7 1,020 13 Professional fees 5,015 5,901 5,338 (886) (15) 563 11 Insurance expense 4,958 3,270 2,286 1,688 52 984 43 Amortization of intangible assets 2,635 2,996 3,751 (361) (12) (755) (20) Data processing 2,482 2,146 2,770 336 16 (624) (23) Reserve for litigation 4,500 (4,500) (100) 4,500 NA Other 14,799 13,337 14,176 1,462 11 (839) (6) Total noninterest expense 94,859 93,050 86,910 1,809 2 6,140 7 Salaries and employee benefits merger-related costs (2) 356 NA (356) (100) Other merger-related costs (1) 27 2,245 (27) (100) (2,218) (99) Total noninterest expense, including merger-related costs 94,859 93,077 89,511 1,782 2 3,566 4 The following table indicates the percentage of noninterest expense in each category: 

Year Ended December 31, Percent Percent Percent 2022 of Total 2021 of Total 2020 of Total (Dollars in thousands) Salaries and employee benefits 55,331 58 51,862 56 50,571 57 Occupancy and equipment 9,639 10 9,038 10 8,018 9 Professional fees 5,015 5 5,901 6 5,338 6 Insurance expense 4,958 5 3,270 4 2,286 3 Amortization of intangible assets 2,635 3 2,996 3 3,751 4 Data processing 2,482 3 2,146 2 2,770 3 Reserve for litigation 0 4,500 5 0 Other 14,799 16 13,337 14 14,176 15 Total noninterest expense 94,859 100 93,050 100 86,910 97 Salaries and employee benefits merger-related costs (2) 0 0 356 0 Other merger-related costs (1) 0 27 0 2,245 3 Total noninterest expense, including merger-related costs 94,859 100 93,077 100 89,511 100 

 (1) Included in Salaries and employee benefits category in the Consolidated Statements of Income. (2) Included in the Other noninterest expense category in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 Noninterest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased to 94.9 million, compared to 93.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to higher salaries and employee benefits, higher rent included in occupancy and equipment expense, and higher insurance and information technology related expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022. These increases during 2022 were partially offset by higher legal fees included in professional fees and a reserve for a legal settlement included in other noninterest expense during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Noninterest expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased to 93.1 million, compared to 89.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to a 4.0 million reserve for a litigation matter that settled in the second quarter of 2021, partially offset by lower merger-related costs. Full-time equivalent employees were 340 at December 31, 2022, and 326 at December 31, 2021, and 331 at December 31, 2020. Income Tax Expense The Company computes its provision for income taxes on a monthly basis. The effective tax rate is determined by applying the Company s statutory income tax rates to pre-tax book income as adjusted for permanent differences between pre-tax book income and actual taxable income. These permanent differences include, but are not limited to increases in the cash surrender value of life insurance policies, interest on tax-exempt securities, certain expenses that are not allowed as tax deductions, and tax credits. The following table shows the effective tax rate for the dates indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Effective income tax rate 29.5 27.6 28.1 

The Company s Federal and state income tax expense in 2022 was 27.8 million, compared to 18.2 million in 2021, and 13.8 million in 2020. Some items of income and expense are recognized in different years for tax purposes than when applying generally accepted accounting principles leading to timing differences between the Company s actual tax liability, and the amount accrued for this liability based on book income. These temporary differences comprise the deferred portion of the Company s tax expense or benefit, which is accumulated on the Company s books as a deferred tax asset or deferred tax liability until such time as they reverse. Realization of the Company s deferred tax assets is primarily dependent upon the Company generating sufficient future taxable income to obtain benefit from the reversal of net deductible temporary differences and the utilization of tax credit carryforwards and the net operating loss carryforwards for Federal and state income tax purposes. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable is subject to adjustment in future periods based on estimates of future taxable income. Under generally accepted accounting principles a valuation allowance is required to be recognized if it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The determination of the realizability of the deferred tax assets is highly subjective and dependent upon judgment concerning management s evaluation of both positive and negative evidence, including forecasts of future income, cumulative losses, applicable tax planning strategies, and assessments of current and future economic and business conditions. The Company had the net deferred tax assets of 32.2 million and 28.8 million at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. After consideration of the matters in the preceding paragraph, the Company determined that it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 will be fully realized in future years. FINANCIAL CONDITION As of December 31, 2022, total assets decreased (6 to 5.157 billion, compared to 5.499 billion at December 31, 2021. Securities available-for-sale, at fair value, were 489.6 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 379 from 102.3 million at December 31, 2021. Securities held-to-maturity, at amortized cost, were 715.0 million at December 31, 2022, an increase of 9 from 658.4 million at December 31, 2021. Total loans, excluding loans held-for-sale, increased 211.2 million, or 7 , to 3.299 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 3.087 billion at December 31, 2021. Total loans at December 31, 2022, included 1.2 million of PPP loans, compared to 88.7 million at December 31, 2021. Total loans at December 31, 2022, included 537.9 million of 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 residential mortgages, compared to 416.7 million at December 31, 2021. Loans, excluding loans held-for-sale, PPP loans and residential mortgages, increased 175.5 million, or 7 , to 2.760 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 2.584 billion at December 31, 2021. Total deposits decreased 369.8) million, or (8 ), to 4.390 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 4.759 billion at December 31, 2021. Deposits, excluding all time deposits and CDARS deposits, decreased 369.1) million, or (8 ), to 4.219 billion at December 31, 2022, from 4.588 billion at December 31, 2021. Securities Portfolio The following table reflects the balances for each category of securities at year-end: 

December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Securities available-for-sale (at fair value): U.S. Treasury 418,474 Agency mortgage-backed securities 71,122 102,252 Total 489,596 102,252 Securities held-to-maturity (at amortized cost): Agency mortgage-backed securities 677,381 607,377 Municipals exempt from Federal tax 37,623 51,063 Total 715,004 658,440 The table below summarizes the weighted average life and weighted average yields of securities as of December 31, 2022: 

Weighted Average Life After One and After Five and Within One Within Five Within Ten After Ten Year or Less Years Years Years Total Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield (Dollars in thousands) Securities available-for-sale (at fair value): U.S. Treasury 45,736 3.67 372,738 2.99 418,474 3.06 Agency mortgage-backed securities 161 2.26 59,164 2.48 11,797 2.63 71,122 2.50 Total 45,897 3.67 431,902 2.92 11,797 2.63 489,596 2.98 Securities held-to-maturity (at amortized cost): Agency mortgage-backed securities 124 2.51 71,942 2.21 508,424 1.78 96,891 2.81 677,381 1.98 Municipals exempt from Federal tax (1) 10,463 3.67 3,355 3.04 22,867 3.36 938 3.64 37,623 3.43 Total 10,587 3.66 75,297 2.24 531,291 1.85 97,829 2.82 715,004 2.05 

 (1) Reflects tax equivalent adjustment for Federal tax exempt income based on a 21 tax rate. 

 The portfolio serves the following purposes: (i) it provides a source of pledged assets for securing certain deposits and borrowed funds, as may be required by law or by specific agreement with a depositor or lender; (ii) it provides liquidity to even out cash flows from the loan and deposit activities of customers; (iii) it can be used as an interest rate risk management tool, since it provides a large base of assets, the maturity and interest rate characteristics of which can be changed more readily than the loan portfolio to better match changes in the deposit base and other funding sources of the Company; and (iv) it is an alternative interest-earning use of funds when loan demand is weak or when deposits grow more rapidly than loans. The Company s portfolio may include: (i) U.S. Treasury securities and U.S. Government sponsored entities debt securities for liquidity and pledging; (ii) mortgage-backed securities, which in many instances can also be used for pledging, and which generally enhance the yield of the portfolio; (iii) municipal obligations, which provide tax free income and limited pledging potential; (iv) single entity issue trust preferred securities, which generally enhance the yield on the 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 portfolio; (v) corporate bonds, which also enhance the yield on the portfolio; (vi) money market mutual funds; (vii) certificates of deposit; (viii) commercial paper; (ix) bankers acceptances; (x) repurchase agreements; (xi) collateralized mortgage obligations; and (xii) asset-backed securities. The Company classifies its securities as either available-for-sale or held-to-maturity at the time of purchase. Accounting guidance requires available-for-sale securities to be marked to fair value with an offset to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), a component of shareholders equity. Monthly adjustments are made to reflect changes in the fair value of the Company s available-for-sale securities. The net unrealized loss on U.S. Treasury securities available-for-sale at December 31, 2022 was 10.3) million. There were no U.S. Treasury securities available-for-sale at December 31, 2021. The net unrealized loss on mortgage-backed securities available-for-sale at December 31, 2022 was 5.8) million, compared to a net unrealized gain of 2.9 million at December 31, 2021. The net unrealized loss on total securities available-for-sale at December 31, 2022 was 16.1) million, compared to a net unrealized gain of 2.9 million at December 31, 2021. All other factors remaining the same, when market interest rates are increasing, the Company will experience a higher unrealized loss in the securities portfolio. The net unrealized loss on mortgage-backed securities held-to-maturity at December 31, 2022 was 99.7) million, compared to a net unrealized loss of 1.6) million at December 31, 2021. The net unrealized loss on municipal bonds held-to-maturity at December 31, 2022 was 810,000), compared to a net unrealized gain of 805,000 at December 31, 2021. The net unrealized loss on total securities held-to-maturity at December 31, 2022 was 100.6) million, compared to a net unrealized loss of 790,000) at December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased 425.7 million of U.S. Treasury securities available-for-sale, with a book yield of 3.08 and an average life of 2.25 years. The Company has not used interest rate swaps or other derivative instruments to hedge fixed rate loans or securities to otherwise mitigate interest rate risk. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased 146.6 million of agency mortgage-backed securities held-to-maturity, with a book yield of 2.75 and an average life of 6.92 years. The average life of the total investment securities portfolio was 4.93 years at December 31, 2022. Loans The Company s loans represent the largest portion of earning assets, substantially greater than the securities portfolio or any other asset category, and the quality and diversification of the loan portfolio is an important consideration when reviewing the Company s financial condition. Gross loans, excluding loans held-for-sale, represented 64 of total assets at December 31, 2022 and 56 at December 31, 2021. The ratio of loans to deposits increased to 75.14 at December 31, 2022 from 64.87 at December 31, 2021. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Loan Distribution The Loan Distribution table that follows sets forth the Company s gross loans outstanding, excluding loans held-for-sale, and the percentage distribution in each category at the dates indicated. 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Balance to Total Balance to Total (Dollars in thousands) Commercial 532,749 16 594,108 19 PPP loans (1) 1,166 0 88,726 3 Real estate: CRE - owner occupied 614,663 19 595,934 19 CRE - non-owner occupied 1,066,368 32 902,326 29 Land and construction 163,577 5 147,855 5 Home equity 120,724 4 109,579 4 Multifamily 244,882 7 218,856 7 Residential mortgages 537,905 16 416,660 13 Consumer and other 17,033 1 16,744 1 Total Loans 3,299,067 100 3,090,788 100 Deferred loan fees, net (517) (3,462) Loans, net of deferred fees 3,298,550 100 3,087,326 100 Allowance for credit losses on loans (47,512) (43,290) Loans, net 3,251,038 3,044,036 

 (1) Less than 1 at December 31, 2022. 

 The Company s loan portfolio is concentrated in commercial (primarily manufacturing, wholesale, and services oriented entities) and commercial real estate, with the remaining balance in land development and construction and home equity, purchased residential mortgages, and consumer loans. The Company does not have any concentrations by industry or group of industries in its loan portfolio, however, 83 of its gross loans were secured by real property as of December 31, 2022, compared to 77 as of December 31, 2021. While no specific industry concentration is considered significant, the Company s lending operations are located in areas that are dependent on the technology and real estate industries and their supporting companies. The Company has established concentration limits in its loan portfolio for commercial real estate loans, commercial loans, construction loans and unsecured lending, among others. All loan types are within established limits. The Company uses underwriting guidelines to assess the borrowers historical cash flow to determine debt service, and we further stress test the debt service under higher interest rate scenarios. Financial and performance covenants are used in commercial lending to allow the Company to react to a borrower s deteriorating financial condition, should that occur. The Company s commercial loans are made for working capital, financing the purchase of equipment or for other business purposes. Commercial loans include loans with maturities ranging from thirty days to one year and term loans with maturities normally ranging from one to five years. Short-term business loans are generally intended to finance current transactions and typically provide for periodic principal payments, with interest payable monthly. Term loans normally provide for floating interest rates, with monthly payments of both principal and interest. The Company is an active participant in the SBA and U.S. Department of Agriculture guaranteed lending programs, and has been approved by the SBA as a lender under the Preferred Lender Program. The Company regularly makes such loans conditionally guaranteed by the SBA (collectively referred to as SBA loans ). The guaranteed portion of these loans is typically sold in the secondary market depending on market conditions. When the guaranteed portion of an SBA loan is sold the Company retains the servicing rights for the sold portion. During 2022, loans were sold resulting in a gain on sales of SBA loans of 491,000, compared to a gain on sales of SBA loans of 1.7 million for 2021, and 839,000 for 2020. The Company s factoring receivables are from the operations of Bay View Funding whose primary business is purchasing and collecting factored receivables. Factored receivables are receivables that have been transferred by the originating organization and typically have not been subject to previous collection efforts. These receivables are acquired from a variety of companies, including, but not limited to, service providers, transportation companies, manufacturers, distributors, wholesalers, apparel companies, advertisers, and temporary staffing companies. The portfolio of factored 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 receivables is included in the Company s commercial loan portfolio. The average life of the factored receivables was 38 days for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 37 days for both of the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. The balance of the purchased receivables as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 79.3 million and 53.2 million, respectively. The commercial loan portfolio, excluding PPP loans, decreased 61.4) million, or (10 ), to 532.7 million at December 31, 2022, from 594.1 million at December 31, 2021. Commercial and industrial C I line usage was 29 at December 31, 2022, compared to 31 at December 31, 2021. In addition, the Company had 1.2 million in PPP loans at December 31, 2022, compared to 88.7 million at December 31, 2021. The Company s CRE loans consist primarily of loans based on the borrower s cash flow and are secured by deeds of trust on commercial property to provide a secondary source of repayment. The Company generally restricts real estate term loans to no more than 75 of the property s appraised value or the purchase price of the property depending on the type of property and its utilization. The Company offers both fixed and floating rate loans. Maturities on CRE loans are generally between five and ten years (with amortization ranging from fifteen to twenty-five years and a balloon payment due at maturity), however, SBA, and certain other real estate loans that can be sold in the secondary market, may be granted for longer maturities. The CRE owner occupied loan portfolio increased 18.7 million, or 3 to 614.6 million at December 31, 2022, from 595.9 million at December 31, 2021. CRE non-owner occupied loans increased 164.0 million, or 18 to 1,066.4 billion at December 31, 2022, from 902.3 million at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, 37 of the CRE loan portfolio was secured by owner occupied real estate, compared to 40 at December 31, 2021. The Company s land and construction loans are primarily to finance the development/construction of commercial and single family residential properties. The Company utilizes underwriting guidelines to assess the likelihood of repayment from sources such as sale of the property or availability of permanent mortgage financing prior to making the construction loan. Construction loans are provided primarily in our market area, and we have extensive controls for the disbursement process. Land and construction loans increased 15.7 million, or 11 , to 163.6 million at December 31, 2022, from 147.9 million at December 31, 2021. The Company makes home equity lines of credit available to its existing customers. Home equity lines of credit are underwritten initially with a maximum 75 loan to value ratio. Home equity lines of credit increased 11.1 million, or 10 , to 120.7 million at December 31, 2022, from 109.6 million at December 31, 2021. Multifamily loans increased 26.0 million, or 12 , to 244.9 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 218.9 million at December 31, 2021. Residential mortgage loans increased 121.2 million, or 29 , to 537.9 million, at December 31, 2022, compared to 416.7 million at December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company purchased single family residential mortgage loans totaling 185.4 million, tied to homes all located in California, with average principal balances of approximately 950,000. Purchases of residential loans have been an attractive alternative for replacing mortgage-backed security paydowns in the investment securities portfolio. Additionally, the Company makes consumer loans for the purpose of financing automobiles, various types of consumer goods, and other personal purposes. Consumer loans generally provide for the monthly payment of principal and interest. Most of the Company s consumer loans are secured by the personal property being purchased or, in the instances of home equity loans or lines of credit, real property. Consumer and other loans increased 289,000, or 2 , to 17.0 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 16.7 million at December 31, 2021. With certain exceptions, state chartered banks are permitted to make extensions of credit to any one borrowing entity up to 15 of the bank s capital and reserves for unsecured loans and up to 25 of the bank s capital and reserves for secured loans. For HBC, these lending limits were 104.6 million and 174.3 million at December 31, 2022, respectively. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 Loan Maturities The following table presents the maturity distribution of the Company s loans (excluding loans held-for-sale), as of December 31, 2022. The table shows the distribution of such loans between those loans with predetermined (fixed) interest rates and those with variable (floating) interest rates. Floating rates generally fluctuate with changes in the prime rate as reflected in the Western Edition of The Wall Street Journal. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 33 of the Company s loan portfolio consisted of floating interest rate loans. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

Over One Due in Year But One Year Less than Over or Less Five Years Five Years Total (Dollars in thousands) Commercial 307,385 170,450 54,914 532,749 PPP loans 1,166 1,166 Real estate: CRE - owner occupied 31,303 128,214 455,146 614,663 CRE - non-owner occupied 26,227 275,466 764,675 1,066,368 Land and construction 150,525 7,223 5,829 163,577 Home equity 3,934 36,077 80,713 120,724 Multifamily 16,094 87,550 141,238 244,882 Residential mortgages 5,129 20,719 512,057 537,905 Consumer and other 11,453 4,021 1,559 17,033 Loans 552,050 730,886 2,016,131 3,299,067 Loans with variable interest rates 484,522 259,477 331,652 1,075,651 Other loans with fixed interest rates 67,528 471,409 1,684,479 2,223,416 Loans 552,050 730,886 2,016,131 3,299,067 Loan Servicing As of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, SBA loans that were serviced by the Company for others totaled 64.8 million, 73.3 million, and 78.0 million, respectively. Activity for loan servicing rights was as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Beginning of period balance 655 531 583 Additions 124 384 213 Amortization (230) (260) (265) End of period balance 549 655 531 Loan servicing rights are included in accrued interest receivable and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets and reported net of amortization. There was no valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, as the fair market value of the assets was greater than the carrying value. Activity for the I/O strip receivable was as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Beginning of period balance 221 305 503 Unrealized holding gain loss (69) (84) (198) End of period balance 152 221 305 Management reviews the key economic assumptions used to estimate the fair value of I/O strip receivables on a quarterly basis. The fair value of the I/O strip can be adversely impacted by a significant increase in either the prepayment speed of the portfolio or the discount rate. At December 31, 2022, key economic assumptions and the sensitivity of the 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 fair value of the I/O strip receivables to immediate changes to the CPR assumption of 10 and 20 , and changes to the discount rate assumption of 1 and 2 , are as follows: 

(Dollars in thousands) Carrying amount/fair value of Interest-Only (I/O) strip 152 Prepayment speed assumption (annual rate) 15.1 Impact on fair value of 10 adverse change in prepayment speed (CPR 16.6 (1) Impact on fair value of 20 adverse change in prepayment speed (CPR 18.1 (3) Residual cash flow discount rate assumption (annual) 20.7 Impact on fair value of 1 adverse change in discount rate (21.0 discount rate) (3) Impact on fair value of 2 adverse change in discount rate (21.2 discount rate) (6) Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements In the normal course of business, the Company makes commitments to extend credit to its customers as long as there are no violations of any conditions established in contractual arrangements. These commitments are obligations that represent a potential credit risk to the Company, yet are not reflected in any form within the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Total unused commitments to extend credit were 1.1 billion and 1.2 billion at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Unused commitments represented 34 and 37 of outstanding gross loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The effect on the Company s revenues, expenses, cash flows and liquidity from the unused portion of the commitments to provide credit cannot be reasonably predicted, because there is no certainty that the lines of credit will ever be fully utilized. For more information regarding the Company s off-balance sheet arrangements, see Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements located elsewhere herein. Credit Quality and Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans Financial institutions generally have a certain level of exposure to credit quality risk, and could potentially receive less than a full return of principal and interest if a debtor becomes unable or unwilling to repay. Since loans are the most significant assets of the Company and generate the largest portion of its revenues, the Company s management of credit quality risk is focused primarily on loan quality. Banks have generally suffered their most severe earnings declines as a result of customers inability to generate sufficient cash flow to service their debts and/or downturns in national and regional economies and declines in overall asset values including real estate. In addition, certain debt securities that the Company may purchase have the potential of declining in value if the obligor s financial capacity to repay deteriorates. The Company s policies and procedures identify market segments, set goals for portfolio growth or contraction, and establish limits on industry and geographic credit concentrations. In addition, these policies establish the Company s underwriting standards and the methods of monitoring ongoing credit quality. The Company s internal credit risk controls are centered in underwriting practices, credit granting procedures, training, risk management techniques, and familiarity with loan customers as well as the relative diversity and geographic concentration of our loan portfolio. The Company s credit risk may also be affected by external factors such as the level of interest rates, employment, general economic conditions, real estate values, and trends in particular industries or geographic markets. As an independent community bank serving a specific geographic area, the Company must contend with the unpredictable changes in the general California market and, particularly, primary local markets. The Company s asset quality has suffered in the past from the impact of national and regional economic recessions, consumer bankruptcies, and depressed real estate values. Nonperforming assets are comprised of the following: loans for which the Company is no longer accruing interest; restructured loans which have been current under six months; loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest (although they are generally placed on nonaccrual when they become 90 days past due, unless they are both well-secured and in the process of collection); and foreclosed assets. Past due loans 30 days or greater totaled 17.1 million and 5.0 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, of which 479,000 and 1.3 million were on nonaccrual. There were also 261,000 and 2.2 million loans less than 30 days past due included in nonaccrual loans held- 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 for-investment, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Management s classification of a loan as nonaccrual is an indication that there is reasonable doubt as to the full recovery of principal or interest on the loan. At that point, the Company stops accruing interest income, and reverses any uncollected interest that had been accrued as income. The Company begins recognizing interest income only as cash interest payments are received and it has been determined the collection of all outstanding principal is not in doubt. The loans may or may not be collateralized, and collection efforts are pursued. Loans may be restructured by management when a borrower has experienced some change in financial status causing an inability to meet the original repayment terms and where the Company believes the borrower will eventually overcome those circumstances and make full restitution. Foreclosed assets consist of properties and other assets acquired by foreclosure or similar means that management is offering or will offer for sale. The following table summarizes the Company s nonperforming assets at the dates indicated: 

December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Nonaccrual loans held-for-investment 740 3,460 Restructured and loans 90 days past due and still accruing 1,685 278 Total nonperforming loans 2,425 3,738 Foreclosed assets Total nonperforming assets 2,425 3,738 Nonperforming assets as a percentage of loans plus foreclosed assets 0.07 0.12 Nonperforming assets as a percentage of total assets 0.05 0.07 The following table presents the amortized cost basis of nonperforming loans and loans past due over 90 days and still accruing at the periods indicated: 

December 31, 2022 Restructured Nonaccrual Nonaccrual and Loans with no Special with Special over 90 Days Allowance for Allowance for Past Due Credit Credit and Still Losses Losses Accruing Total (Dollars in thousands) Commercial 318 324 349 991 Real estate: CRE - Non-Owner Occupied 1,336 1,336 Home equity 98 98 Total 416 324 1,685 2,425 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 December 31, 2021 Restructured Nonaccrual Nonaccrual and Loans with no Special with Special over 90 Days Allowance for Allowance for Past Due Credit Credit and Still Losses Losses Accruing Total (Dollars in thousands) Commercial 94 1,028 278 1,400 Real estate: CRE - Owner Occupied 1,126 1,126 Home equity 84 84 Multifamily 1,128 1,128 Total 2,432 1,028 278 3,738 Loans with a well-defined weakness, which are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company will sustain a loss if the deficiencies are not corrected, are categorized as classified. Classified loans include all loans considered as substandard, substandard nonaccrual, and doubtful and may result from problems specific to a borrower s business or from economic downturns that affect the borrower s ability to repay or that cause a decline in the value of the underlying collateral (particularly real estate). Loans held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or estimated fair value, and are not allocated an allowance for loan losses. The amortized cost basis of collateral-dependent commercial loans collateralized by business assets totaled 324,000 and 1.0 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. When management determines that foreclosures are probable, expected credit losses for collateral-dependent loans are based on the fair value of the collateral at the reporting date, adjusted for selling costs as appropriate. For loans which foreclosure is not probable, but for which repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral and the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, management has elected the practical expedient under ASC 326 to estimate expected credit losses based on the fair value of collateral, adjusted for selling costs as appropriate. The class of loan represents the primary collateral type associated with the loan. Significant quarter over quarter changes are reflective of changes in nonaccrual status and not necessarily associated with credit quality indicators like appraisal value. Classified loans decreased to 14.5 million, or 0.28 of total assets, at December 31, 2022, compared to 33.8 million, or 0.61 of total assets at December 31, 2021. In order to determine whether a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, an evaluation is performed of the probability that the borrower will be in payment default on any of its debt in the foreseeable future without the modification. This evaluation is performed in accordance with the Company s underwriting policy. Beginning January 1, 2020, the ACLL is calculated by using the current expected credit loss CECL methodology. The ACLL estimation process involves procedures to appropriately consider the unique characteristics of loan portfolio segments. These segments are further disaggregated into loan classes, the level at which credit risk is monitored. When computing the level of expected credit losses, credit loss assumptions are estimated using a model that categorizes loan pools based on loss history, delinquency status, and other credit trends and risk characteristics, including current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts about the future. Determining the appropriateness of the allowance is complex and requires judgment by management about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. In future periods, evaluations of the overall loan portfolio in light of the factors and forecasts then prevailing, may result in significant changes in the allowance and credit loss expense in those future periods. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 The allowance level is influenced by loan volumes, loan risk rating migration or delinquency status, changes in historical loss experience, and other conditions influencing loss expectations, such as reasonable and supportable forecasts of economic conditions. The methodology for estimating the amount of expected credit losses reported in the allowance for credit losses has two basic components: first, an asset-specific component involving individual loans that do not share risk characteristics with other loans and the measurement of expected credit losses for such individual loans; and second, a pooled component for estimated expected credit losses for pools of loans that share similar risk characteristics. Loans are charged-off against the allowance when management believes the uncollectibility of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance for credit losses on loans. The following provides a summary of the risks associated with various segments of the Company s loan portfolio, which are factors management regularly considers when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance: Commercial Commercial loans primarily rely on the identified cash flows of the borrower for repayment and secondarily on the value of underlying collateral provided by the borrower. However, the cash flows of the borrowers may not be as expected and the collateral securing these loans may vary in value. Most commercial loans are secured by the assets being financed or on other business assets such as accounts receivable, inventory or equipment and may incorporate a personal guarantee; however, some loans may be unsecured. Included in commercial loans are 1.2 million of PPP loans at December 31, 2022 and 88.7 million at December 31, 2021. No allowance for credit losses has been recorded for PPP loans as they are fully guaranteed by the SBA at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. CRE CRE loans rely primarily on the cash flows of the properties securing the loan and secondarily on the value of the property that is securing the loan. CRE loans comprise two segments differentiated by owner occupied CRE and non-owner CRE. Owner occupied CRE loans are secured by commercial properties that are at least 50 occupied by the borrower or borrower affiliate. Non-owner occupied CRE loans are secured by commercial properties that are less than 50 occupied by the borrower or borrower affiliate. CRE loans may be adversely affected by conditions in the real estate markets or in the general economy. Land and Construction Land and construction loans are generally based on estimates of costs and value associated with the complete project. Construction loans usually involve the disbursement of funds with repayment substantially dependent on the success of the completion of the project. Sources of repayment for these loans may be permanent loans from HBC or other lenders, or proceeds from the sales of the completed project. These loans are monitored by on-site inspections and are considered to have higher risk than other real estate loans due to the final repayment dependent on numerous factors including general economic conditions. Home Equity Home equity loans are secured by 1-4 family residences that are generally owner occupied. Repayment of these loans depends primarily on the personal income of the borrower and secondarily on the value of the property securing the loan which can be impacted by changes in economic conditions such as the unemployment rate and property values. Multifamily Multifamily loans are loans on residential properties with five or more units. These loans rely primarily on the cash flows of the properties securing the loan for repayment and secondarily on the value of the properties securing the loan. The cash flows of these borrowers can fluctuate along with the values of the underlying property depending on general economic conditions. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 Residential Mortgages Residential mortgage loans are secured by 1-4 family residences which are generally owner-occupied. Repayment of these loans depends primarily on the personal income of the borrower and secondarily by the value of the property securing the loan which can be impacted by changes in economic conditions such as the unemployment rate and property values. Consumer and Other Consumer and other loans are secured by personal property or are unsecured and rely primarily on the income of the borrower for repayment and secondarily on the collateral value for secured loans. Borrower income and collateral value can vary dependent on economic conditions. Allocation of Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans As a result of the matters mentioned above, changes in the financial condition of individual borrowers, economic conditions, historical loss experience and the condition of the various markets in which collateral may be sold may all affect the required level of the allowance for credit losses on loans and the associated provision for credit losses on loans. On an ongoing basis, we have engaged an outside firm to perform independent credit reviews of our loan portfolio. The Federal Reserve Board and the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation DFPI also review the allowance for credit losses on loans as an integral part of the examination process. Based on information currently available, management believes that the allowance for credit losses on loans is adequate. However, the loan portfolio can be adversely affected if California economic conditions and the real estate market in the Company s market area were to weaken further. Also, any weakness of a prolonged nature in the technology industry would have a negative impact on the local market. The effect of such events, although uncertain at this time, could result in an increase in the level of nonperforming loans and increased loan losses, which could adversely affect the Company s future growth and profitability. No assurance of the ultimate level of credit losses can be given with any certainty. Changes in the allowance for credit losses on loans were as follows for the periods indicated: 

2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 (Dollars in thousands) Beginning of year balance 43,290 44,400 23,285 27,848 19,658 Charge-offs: Commercial (434) (520) (1,776) (6,609) (2,002) Consumer and other (104) (14) (24) Total charge-offs (434) (520) (1,880) (6,623) (2,026) Recoveries: Commercial 427 1,354 998 1,045 2,645 Real estate: CRE - owner occupied 15 16 1 Land and construction 884 70 76 114 Home equity 105 93 93 93 36 Consumer and other 3,343 197 30 Total recoveries 3,890 2,544 1,192 1,214 2,795 Net (charge-offs) recoveries 3,456 2,024 (688) (5,409) 769 Impact of adopting Topic 326 8,570 Provision for credit losses on loans (1) 766 (3,134) 13,233 846 7,421 End of year balance 47,512 43,290 44,400 23,285 27,848 

 (1) Provision for credit losses on loans for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Provision for loan losses for 2019 and 2018. 

 The increase in the allowance for credit losses on loans for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 attributed to a net increase of 4.8 million in the reserve for pooled loans, driven by deterioration in forecasted macroeconomic conditions and an increase in the loan portfolio, partially offset by a 562,000 decrease in specific reserves for individually evaluated loans compared to December 31, 2021. The following table provides a summary of the allocation of the allowance for credit losses on loans by class at the dates indicated. The allocation presented should not be interpreted as an indication that charges to the allowance for credit losses on loans will be incurred in these amounts or proportions, or that the portion of the allowance allocated to each category represents the total amount available for charge-offs that may occur within these classes. 

December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Percent Percent Percent Percent Percent of Loans of Loans of Loans of Loans of Loans in each in each in each in each in each category category category category category to total to total to total to total to total Allowance loans Allowance loans Allowance loans Allowance loans Allowance loans (Dollars in thousands) Commercial 6,617 16 8,414 22 11,587 32 10,453 24 17,061 29 Real estate: CRE - owner occupied 5,751 19 7,954 19 8,560 21 3,825 22 2,907 23 CRE - non-owner occupied 22,135 32 17,125 29 16,416 27 3,760 30 3,456 25 Land and construction 2,941 5 1,831 5 2,509 6 2,621 6 2,008 7 Home equity 666 4 864 4 1,297 4 2,244 6 1,609 5 Multifamily 3,366 7 2,796 7 2,804 6 57 7 374 5 Residential mortgages 5,907 16 4,132 13 943 3 243 4 317 5 Consumer and other 129 1 174 1 284 1 82 1 116 1 Total 47,512 100 43,290 100 44,400 100 23,285 100 27,848 100 The ACLL totaled 47.5 million, or 1.44 of total loans, at December 31, 2022, compared to 43.3 million, or 1.40 of total loans at December 31, 2021. The allowance for credit losses on loans to total nonperforming loans increased to 1,959.26 at December 31, 2022, compared to 1,158.11 at December 31, 2021. The Company had net recoveries of 3.5) million, or (0.11 of average loans, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net recoveries of 2.0) million, or (0.07) of average loans, for the year ended December 31, 2021, and net charge-offs of 688,000, or 0.03 of average loans, for the year ended December 31, 2020. The following table shows the results of adopting CECL for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Drivers of Change in ACLL Under CECL (Dollars in thousands) ACLL at December 31, 2021 43,290 Portfolio changes during the first quarter of 2022 including net recoveries (33) Qualitative and quantitative changes during the first quarter of 2022 including changes in economic forecasts (469) ACLL at March 31, 2022 42,788 Portfolio changes during the second quarter of 2022 including net recoveries 1,383 Qualitative and quantitative changes during the second quarter of 2022 including changes in economic forecasts 1,319 ACLL at June 30, 2022 45,490 Portfolio changes during the third quarter of 2022 including net recoveries 2,009 Qualitative and quantitative changes during the third quarter of 2022 including changes in economic forecasts (578) ACLL at September 30, 2022 46,921 Portfolio changes during the fourth quarter of 2022 including net recoveries 1,316 Qualitative and quantitative changes during the fourth quarter of 2022 including changes in economic forecasts (725) ACLL at December 31, 2022 47,512 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 Leases On January 1, 2019, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). Under the new guidance, the Company recognizes the following for all leases, at the commencement date: (1) a lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and (2) a right-of-use ROU asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. While the new standard impacts lessors and lessees, the Company is impacted as a lessee of the offices and real estate used for operations. Some of the Company s lease agreements include options to renew at the Company s discretion. The extensions are not reasonably certain to be exercised, therefore it was not considered in the calculation of the ROU asset and lease liability. Total assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 included 33.0 million and 34.9 million, respectively, of right-of-use assets, included in other assets, and lease liabilities, included in other liabilities, related to non-cancelable operating lease agreements for office space. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. Deposits The composition and cost of the Company s deposit base are important components in analyzing the Company s net interest margin and balance sheet liquidity characteristics, both of which are discussed in greater detail in other sections in this report. The Company s liquidity is impacted by the volatility of deposits from the propensity of that money to leave the institution for rate-related or other reasons. Deposits can be adversely affected if economic conditions weaken in California, and the Company s market area in particular. Potentially, the most volatile deposits in a financial institution are jumbo certificates of deposit, meaning time deposits with balances that equal or exceed 250,000, as customers with balances of that magnitude are typically more rate-sensitive than customers with smaller balances. The following table summarizes the distribution of deposits and the percentage of distribution in each category of deposits for the periods indicated: 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Balance to Total Balance to Total (Dollars in thousands) Demand, noninterest-bearing 1,736,722 40 1,903,768 40 Demand, interest-bearing 1,196,427 27 1,308,114 27 Savings and money market 1,285,444 29 1,375,825 29 Time deposits under 250 32,445 1 38,734 1 Time deposits 250 and over 108,192 2 94,700 2 CDARS interest-bearing demand, money market and time deposits 30,374 1 38,271 1 Total deposits 4,389,604 100 4,759,412 100 The Company obtains deposits from a cross-section of the communities it serves. The Company s business is not generally seasonal in nature. Public funds were less than 1 of deposits at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Total deposits decreased 369.8) million, or (8 ), to 4.390 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 4.759 billion at December 31, 2021. Deposits, excluding all time deposits and CDARS deposits, decreased 369.1) million, or 8 , to 4.219 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 4.588 billion at December 31, 2021. The decline in deposits was primarily related to the decrease in balances (of approximately 170 million) from two large depositors who had temporary high balances in 2021. Additional declines in deposits were related to the decrease in balances from the distribution of proceeds from the sale of client businesses and real estate, and to a lesser extent, clients moving funds to seek higher rates. Off-balance sheet deposits increased 9.4 million, or 4 , to 254.4 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 245.0 million at December 31, 2021. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 At December 31, 2022, the 33.4 million CDARS deposits were comprised of 26.0 million of interest-bearing demand deposits, 1.0 million of money market accounts and 6.4 million of time deposits. At December 31, 2021, the 38.3 million CDARS deposits were comprised of 38.3 million of interest-bearing demand deposits, 1.0 million of money market accounts and 6.4 million of time deposits. The following table indicates the contractual maturity schedule of the Company s uninsured time deposits in excess of 250,000 as of December 31, 2022: 

Balance of Total (Dollars in thousands) Three months or less 21,408 29 Over three months through six months 17,545 24 Over six months through twelve months 29,658 40 Over twelve months 5,582 7 Total 74,193 100 The Company focuses primarily on providing and servicing business deposit accounts that are frequently over 250,000 in average balance per account. As a result, certain types of business clients that the Company serves typically carry average deposits in excess of 250,000. The account activity for some account types and client types necessitates appropriate liquidity management practices by the Company to ensure its ability to fund deposit withdrawals. The contractual maturity of total deposits at December 31, 2022, are as follows: 

Less Than One to Three to After One Year Three Years Five Years Five Years Total (Dollars in thousands) Deposits(1) 4,379,162 9,796 366 280 4,389,604 

 (1) Deposits with indeterminate maturities, such as demand, savings and money market accounts, are reflected as obligations due in less than one year. Return on Equity and Assets The following table indicates the ratios for return on average assets and average equity, and average equity to average assets for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Return on average assets 1.23 0.92 0.80 Return on average tangible assets 1.27 0.96 0.83 Return on average equity 10.95 8.15 6.12 Return on average tangible common equity 15.57 11.86 9.04 Average equity to average assets ratio 11.25 11.33 13.00 Liquidity and Asset/Liability Management Liquidity refers to the Company s ability to maintain cash flows sufficient to fund operations and to meet obligations and other commitments in a timely and cost effective fashion. At various times the Company requires funds to meet short-term cash requirements brought about by loan growth or deposit outflows, the purchase of assets, or liability repayments. An integral part of the Company s ability to manage its liquidity position appropriately is the Company s large base of core deposits, which are generated by offering traditional banking services in its service area and which have historically been a stable source of funds. To manage liquidity needs properly, cash inflows must be timed to coincide with anticipated outflows or sufficient liquidity resources must be available to meet varying demands. The Company manages liquidity to be able to meet unexpected sudden changes in levels of its assets or deposit liabilities without maintaining excessive amounts of balance sheet liquidity. Excess balance sheet liquidity can negatively impact the Company s interest 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 margin. In order to meet short-term liquidity needs the Company may utilize overnight Federal funds purchase arrangements and other borrowing arrangements with correspondent banks, solicit brokered deposits if cost effective deposits are not available from local sources, and maintain collateralized lines of credit with the FHLB and FRB. In addition, the Company can raise cash for temporary needs by selling securities under agreements to repurchase and selling securities available-for-sale. One of the measures of liquidity is our loan to deposit ratio. Our loan to deposit ratio was 75.14 at December 31, 2022, compared to 64.87 at December 31, 2021. FHLB and FRB Borrowings and Available Lines of Credit HBC has off-balance sheet liquidity in the form of Federal funds purchase arrangements with correspondent banks, and lines of credit from the FHLB and FRB. The Company can borrow from the FHLB on a short-term (typically overnight) or long-term (over one year) basis. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, HBC had no overnight borrowings from the FHLB. HBC had 254.2 million of loans and 1.1 million of securities pledged to the FHLB as collateral on a line of credit of 162.6 million at December 31, 2022, none of which was outstanding. HBC can also borrow from the FRB s discount window. HBC had approximately 1.0 billion of loans pledged to the FRB as collateral on an available line of credit of approximately 676.9 million at December 31, 2022, none of which was outstanding. HBC had Federal funds purchase arrangements available of 80.0 million and 90.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were no Federal funds purchased outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company has a 20.0 million line of credit with a correspondent bank, of which none was outstanding at December 31, 2022. HBC may also utilize securities sold under repurchase agreements to manage our liquidity position. There were no securities sold under agreements to repurchase at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Capital Resources The Company uses a variety of measures to evaluate capital adequacy. Management reviews various capital measurements on a regular basis and takes appropriate action to ensure that such measurements are within established internal and external guidelines. The external guidelines, which are issued by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC, establish a risk-adjusted ratio relating capital to different categories of assets and off-balance sheet exposures. On May 11, 2022, the Company completed a private placement offering of 40.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.00 fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due May 15, 2032 Sub Debt due 2032 ). The Company used the net proceeds of the Sub Debt due 2032 for general corporate purposes, including the repayment on June 1, 2022 of the Company s 40.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.25 fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due June 1, 2027 Sub Debt due 2027 ). The Sub Debt due 2032, net of unamortized issuance costs of 650,000, totaled 39.4 million at December 31, 2022, and qualifies as Tier 2 capital for the Company under the guidelines established by the Federal Reserve Bank On May 26, 2017, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of 40.0 million aggregate principal amount of its Sub Debt due 2027. The Sub Debt due 2027 had a fixed interest rate of 5.25 per year through June 1, 2022. On June 1, 2022, the Company completed the redemption of all of its outstanding 40.0 million of Sub Debt due 2027, prior to resetting to a floating rate. The Sub Debt due 2027 was redeemed pursuant to the terms of the Subordinated Indenture, as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, each dated as of May 26, 2017, between the Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, at the redemption price of 100 of its principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest of 1.1 million. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes risk based capital, risk weighted assets, and risk based capital ratios of the consolidated Company under the Basel III requirements for the periods indicated: 

December 31, December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Capital components: Common Equity Tier 1 capital 475,609 433,488 410,307 Additional Tier 1 capital Tier 1 Capital 475,609 433,488 410,307 Tier 2 Capital 79,201 72,721 73,563 Total Capital 554,810 506,209 483,870 Risk-weighted assets 3,747,246 3,521,058 2,924,448 Average assets for capital purposes 5,196,294 5,504,834 4,507,032 Capital ratios: Total Capital 14.8 14.4 16.5 Tier 1 Capital 12.7 12.3 14.0 Common equity Tier 1 Capital 12.7 12.3 14.0 Tier 1 Leverage(1) 9.2 7.9 9.1 

 (1) Tier 1 capital divided by quarterly average assets (excluding intangible assets and disallowed deferred tax assets). 

 The following table summarizes risk-based capital, risk-weighted assets, and risk-based capital ratios of HBC under the Basel III requirements for the periods indicated: 

December 31, December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Capital components: Common Equity Tier 1 capital 492,725 451,586 428,109 Additional Tier 1 capital Tier 1 Capital 492,725 451,586 428,109 Tier 2 Capital 39,851 32,796 33,824 Total Capital 532,576 484,382 461,933 Risk-weighted assets 3,745,725 3,518,391 2,922,577 Average assets for capital purposes 5,194,802 5,502,185 4,505,265 Capital ratios: Total Capital 14.2 13.8 15.8 Tier 1 Capital 13.2 12.8 14.6 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 13.2 12.8 14.6 Tier 1 Leverage(1) 9.5 8.2 9.5 

 (1) Tier 1 capital divided by quarterly average assets (excluding intangible assets and disallowed deferred tax assets). 

82 

Table of Contents 
 The following table presents the applicable well-capitalized regulatory guidelines and the standards for minimum capital adequacy requirements under Basel III: 

Well-capitalized Financial Minimum Institution PCA Regulatory Regulatory Requirement(1) Guidelines Capital ratios: Total Capital 10.5 10.0 Tier 1 Capital 8.5 8.0 Common equity Tier 1 Capital 7.0 6.5 Tier 1 Leverage 4.0 5.0 

 (1) Includes 2.5 capital conservation buffer, except the leverage ratio. 

 The Basel III capital rules introduce a new capital conservation buffer, for banking organizations to maintain a common equity Tier 1 ratio more than 2.5 above these minimum risk-weighted asset ratios. The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Banking institutions with a ratio of common equity Tier 1 to risk-weighted assets above the minimum but below the capital conservation buffer will face constraints on dividends, equity repurchases and compensation based on the amount of the shortfall. At December 31, 2022, the Company s consolidated capital ratio exceeded regulatory guidelines and HBC s capital ratios exceed the highest regulatory capital requirement of well-capitalized under Basel III prompt corrective action provisions. Quantitative measures established by regulation to help ensure capital adequacy require the Company and HBC to maintain minimum amounts and ratios of total risk-based capital, Tier 1 capital, and common equity Tier 1 (as defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined), and of Tier 1 capital to average assets (as defined). Management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, the Company and HBC met all capital adequacy guidelines to which they were subject. There are no conditions or events since of December 31, 2022, that management believes have changed the categorization of the Company or HBC as well-capitalized. At December 31, 2022, the Company had total shareholders equity of 632.5 million, compared to 598.0 million at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, total shareholders equity included 502.9 million in common stock, 146.4 million in retained earnings, and 16.8) million of accumulated other comprehensive loss. The book value per common share was 10.39 at December 31, 2022, compared to 9.91 at December 31, 2021. The tangible book value per common share was 7.46 at December 31, 2022, compared to 6.91 at December 31, 2021. The following table reflects the components of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of taxes, for the periods indicated: 

December 31, December 31, Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Unrealized (loss) gain on securities available-for-sale (11,506) 1,991 Split dollar insurance contracts liability (3,091) (5,480) Supplemental executive retirement plan liability (2,371) (7,669) Unrealized gain on interest-only strip from SBA loans 112 162 Total accumulated other comprehensive loss (16,856) (10,996) 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 Selected Financial Data The following table presents a summary of selected financial information that should be read in conjunction with the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto following Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

AT OR FOR YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) INCOME STATEMENT DATA: Interest income 188,828 153,256 150,471 142,659 129,845 Interest expense 8,948 7,131 8,581 10,847 7,822 Net interest income before provision for credit losses on loans(1) 179,880 146,125 141,890 131,812 122,023 Provision for (recapture of )credit losses on loans(1) 766 (3,134) 13,233 846 7,421 Net interest income after provision for credit losses on loans(1) 179,114 149,259 128,657 130,966 114,602 Noninterest income 10,111 9,688 9,922 10,244 9,574 Noninterest expense 94,859 93,077 89,511 84,898 75,521 Income before income taxes 94,366 65,870 49,068 56,312 48,655 Income tax expense 27,811 18,170 13,769 15,851 13,324 Net income 66,555 47,700 35,299 40,461 35,331 PER COMMON SHARE DATA: Basic net income(2) 1.10 0.79 0.59 0.87 0.85 Diluted net income(3) 1.09 0.79 0.59 0.84 0.84 Book value per common share 10.39 9.91 9.64 9.71 8.49 Tangible book value per common share 7.46 6.91 6.57 6.55 6.28 Dividend payout ratio 47.32 65.56 88.04 56.16 52.26 Weighted average number of shares outstanding basic 60,602,962 60,133,821 59,478,343 46,684,384 41,469,211 Weighted average number of shares outstanding diluted 61,090,290 60,689,062 60,169,139 47,906,229 42,182,939 Common shares outstanding at period end 60,852,723 60,339,837 59,917,457 59,368,156 43,288,750 BALANCE SHEET DATA: Securities (available-for sale and held-to-maturity) 1,204,586 760,649 533,163 771,385 836,241 Net loans 3,251,038 3,044,036 2,574,861 2,510,559 1,858,557 Allowance for credit losses on loans(4) 47,512 43,290 44,400 23,285 27,848 Goodwill and other intangible assets 178,664 181,299 184,295 187,835 95,760 Total assets 5,157,580 5,499,409 4,634,114 4,109,463 3,096,562 Total deposits 4,389,604 4,759,412 3,914,486 3,414,768 2,637,532 Subordinated debt, net of issuance costs 39,350 39,925 39,740 39,554 39,369 Short-term borrowings 328 Total shareholders equity 632,456 598,028 577,889 576,708 367,466 SELECTED PERFORMANCE RATIOS:(5) Return on average assets 1.23 0.92 0.80 1.21 1.16 Return on average tangible assets 1.27 0.96 0.83 1.25 1.19 Return on average equity 10.95 8.15 6.12 9.51 10.79 Return on average tangible common equity 15.57 11.86 9.04 13.09 14.41 Net interest margin (fully tax equivalent) 3.57 3.05 3.50 4.28 4.31 Efficiency ratio (6) 49.93 59.74 58.96 59.76 57.39 Average net loans (excludes loans held-for-sale) as a percentage of average deposits 66.10 61.39 69.58 69.65 67.35 Average total shareholders equity as a percentage of average total assets 11.25 11.33 13.00 12.69 10.72 SELECTED ASSET QUALITY DATA:(7) Net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans (0.11) (0.07) 0.03 0.27 (0.04) Allowance for credit losses on loans to total loans (4) 1.44 1.40 1.70 0.92 1.48 Nonperforming loans to total loans 0.07 0.12 0.30 0.39 0.79 Nonperforming assets 2,425 3,738 7,869 9,828 14,887 HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP CAPITAL RATIOS: Total capital ratio 14.8 14.4 16.5 14.6 15.0 Tier 1 capital ratio 12.7 12.3 14.0 12.5 12.0 Common equity Tier 1 capital ratio 12.7 12.3 14.0 12.5 12.0 Tier 1 leverage ratio 9.2 7.9 9.1 9.7 8.9 
 84 

Table of Contents 

Notes: (1) Provision for (recapture of) credit losses on loans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Provision for loan losses for previous years. (2) Represents distributed and undistributed earnings allocated to common shareholders, divided by the average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the respective period. See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements. (3) Represents distributed and undistributed earnings allocated to common shareholders, divided by the average number of shares of common stock and common stock-equivalents outstanding for the respective period. See Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements. (4) Allowance for credit losses on loans at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Allowance for loan losses for previous years. (5) Average balances used in this table and throughout this Annual Report are based on daily averages. (6) The efficiency ratio is calculated by dividing noninterest expenses by the sum of net interest income before provision for credit losses on loans and noninterest income. (7) Average loans and total loans exclude loans held-for-sale. 

 Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) The following table discloses the Company s selected unaudited quarterly financial data: Quarter Ended 12/31/2022 9/30/2022 6/30/2022 3/31/2022 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Interest income 55,192 50,174 43,556 39,906 Interest expense 3,453 2,133 1,677 1,685 Net interest income 51,739 48,041 41,879 38,221 Provision for (recapture of) credit losses on loans 508 1,006 (181) (567) Net interest income after provision for credit losses on loans 51,231 47,035 42,060 38,788 Noninterest income 2,772 2,781 2,098 2,460 Noninterest expense 24,518 23,899 23,190 23,252 Income before income taxes 29,485 25,917 20,968 17,996 Income tax expense 8,686 7,848 6,147 5,130 Net income 20,799 18,069 14,821 12,866 Earnings per common share Basic 0.34 0.30 0.24 0.21 Diluted 0.34 0.30 0.24 0.21 
 85 

Table of Contents 

Quarter Ended 12/31/2021 9/30/2021 6/30/2021 3/31/2021 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Interest income 39,956 39,907 36,632 36,761 Interest expense 1,847 1,725 1,756 1,803 Net interest income 38,109 38,182 34,876 34,958 Provision for (recapture of) credit losses on loans (615) (514) (493) (1,512) Net interest income after provision for credit losses on loans 38,724 38,686 35,369 36,470 Noninterest income 2,810 2,408 2,169 2,301 Noninterest expense 22,227 21,831 25,775 23,244 Income before income taxes 19,307 19,273 11,763 15,527 Income tax expense 5,342 5,555 2,950 4,323 Net income 13,965 13,718 8,813 11,204 Earnings per common share Basic 0.23 0.23 0.15 0.19 Diluted 0.23 0.23 0.15 0.19 Market Risk Market risk is the risk of loss of future earnings, fair values, or future cash flows that may result from changes in the price of a financial instrument. The value of a financial instrument may change as a result of changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes that affect market risk sensitive instruments. Market risk is attributed to all market risk sensitive financial instruments, including securities, loans, deposits and borrowings, as well as the Company s role as a financial intermediary in customer-related transactions. The objective of market risk management is to avoid excessive exposure of the Company s earnings and equity to loss and to reduce the volatility inherent in certain financial instruments. Interest Rate Management Market risk arises from changes in interest rates, exchange rates, commodity prices and equity prices. The Company s market risk exposure is primarily that of interest rate risk, and it has established policies and procedures to monitor and limit earnings and balance sheet exposure to changes in interest rates. The Company does not engage in the trading of financial instruments, nor does the Company have exposure to currency exchange rates. The principal objective of interest rate risk management (often referred to as asset/liability management is to manage the financial components of the Company in a manner that will optimize the risk/reward equation for earnings and capital in relation to changing interest rates. The Company s exposure to market risk is reviewed on a regular basis by the Strategic Initiatives, Finance and Investment Committee. Interest rate risk is the potential of economic losses due to future interest rate changes. These economic losses can be reflected as a loss of future net interest income and/or a loss of current fair market values. The objective is to measure the effect on net interest income and to adjust the balance sheet to minimize the inherent risk while at the same time maximizing income. Management realizes certain risks are inherent, and that the goal is to identify and manage the risks. Management uses two methodologies to manage interest rate risk: (i) a standard GAP analysis; and (ii) an interest rate shock simulation model. The planning of asset and liability maturities is an integral part of the management of an institution s net interest margin. To the extent maturities of assets and liabilities do not match in a changing interest rate environment, the net interest margin may change over time. Even with perfectly matched repricing of assets and liabilities, risks remain in the form of prepayment of loans or securities or in the form of delays in the adjustment of rates of interest applying to either earning assets with floating rates or to interest bearing liabilities. The Company has generally been able to control its exposure to changing interest rates by maintaining primarily floating interest rate loans and a majority of its time certificates with relatively short maturities. Interest rate changes do not affect all categories of assets and liabilities equally or at the same time. Varying interest rate environments can create unexpected changes in prepayment levels of assets and liabilities, which may have a significant effect on the net interest margin and are not reflected in the interest sensitivity analysis table. Because of these 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 factors, an interest sensitivity GAP report may not provide a complete assessment of the exposure to changes in interest rates. The Company uses modeling software for asset/liability management in order to simulate the effects of potential interest rate changes on the Company s net interest margin, and to calculate the estimated fair values of the Company s financial instruments under different interest rate scenarios. The program imports current balances, interest rates, maturity dates and repricing information for individual financial instruments, and incorporates assumptions on the characteristics of embedded options along with pricing and duration for new volumes to project the effects of a given interest rate change on the Company s interest income and interest expense. Rate scenarios consisting of key rate and yield curve projections are run against the Company s investment, loan, deposit and borrowed funds portfolios. These rate projections can be shocked (an immediate and parallel change in all base rates, up or down) and ramped (an incremental increase or decrease in rates over a specified time period), based on current trends and econometric models or stable economic conditions (unchanged from current actual levels). The following table sets forth the estimated changes in the Company s annual net interest income that would result from the designated instantaneous parallel shift in interest rates noted, as of December 31, 2022. Computations of prospective effects of hypothetical interest rate changes are based on numerous assumptions including relative levels of market interest rates, loan prepayments and deposit decay, and should not be relied upon as indicative of actual results. 

Increase/(Decrease) in Estimated Net Interest Income (1) Amount Percent (Dollars in thousands) Change in Interest Rates (basis points) +400 20,274 9.4 +300 15,183 7.1 +200 10,119 4.7 +100 5,090 2.4 0 100 (10,250) (4.8) 200 (24,753) (11.5) 300 (39,082) (18.2) 400 (52,586) (24.5) This data does not reflect any actions that we may undertake in response to changes in interest rates such as changes in rates paid on certain deposit accounts based on local competitive factors, which could reduce the actual impact on net interest income, if any. As with any method of gauging interest rate risk, there are certain shortcomings inherent to the methodology noted above. The model assumes interest rate changes are instantaneous parallel shifts in the yield curve. In reality, rate changes are rarely instantaneous. The use of the simplifying assumption that short-term and long-term rates change by the same degree may also misstate historic rate patterns, which rarely show parallel yield curve shifts. Further, the model assumes that certain assets and liabilities of similar maturity or period to repricing will react in the same way to changes in rates. In reality, certain types of financial instruments may react in advance of changes in market rates, while the reaction of other types of financial instruments may lag behind the change in general market rates. Additionally, the methodology noted above does not reflect the full impact of annual and lifetime restrictions on changes in rates for certain assets, such as adjustable rate loans. When interest rates change, actual loan prepayments and actual early withdrawals from certificates may deviate significantly from the assumptions used in the model. Finally, this methodology does not measure or reflect the impact that higher rates may have on adjustable-rate loan borrowers ability to service their debt. All of these factors are considered in monitoring the Company s exposure to interest rate risk. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a financial institution, the Company s primary component of market risk is interest rate volatility. Fluctuations in interest rates will ultimately impact both the level of income and expense recorded on most of the Company s assets 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 and liabilities and the market value of all interest-earning assets, other than those which have a short term to maturity. Based upon the nature of the Company s operations, the Company is not subject to foreign exchange or commodity price risk. The Company has no market risk sensitive instruments held for trading purposes. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not use interest rate derivatives to hedge its interest rate risk. The information concerning quantitative and qualitative disclosure or market risk called for by Item 305 of Regulation S-K is included as part of Item 7 of this report. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The financial statements and report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are set forth on pages 94 through 145. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Control and Procedures The Company has carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. As defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), disclosure controls and procedures are controls and procedures designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis. Disclosure controls are also designed to reasonably assure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls were effective as of December 31, 2022, the period covered by this report. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act, internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, a company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by a company s Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. It includes those policies and procedures that: Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of a company; Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of a company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the board of directors of the company; and Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of a company s assets that could have a material effect on its financial statements. Because of the inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. The Company s management has used the criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO to evaluate the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Management has selected the COSO framework for its evaluation as it is a control framework recognized by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, that is free from bias, permits reasonably consistent qualitative and quantitative measurement of the Company s internal controls, is sufficiently complete so that relevant controls are not omitted and is relevant to an evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting. Based on our assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO was effective as of December 31, 2022. The independent registered public accounting firm of Crowe LLP, as auditors of our consolidated financial statements, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework , issued by COSO. Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls The Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION Not applicable. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF REGISTRANT Information required by this item will be contained in our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of December 31, 2022. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and to our other principal financial officers, and other senior management personnel, as designated. The code of ethics is available at the Governance Documents section of our website at www.heritagecommercecorp.com . We intend to disclose future amendments to, or waivers from, certain provisions of our code of ethics on the above website. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Information required by this item will be contained in our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of December 31, 2022. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS (a) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 regarding equity compensation plans under which equity securities of the Company were authorized for issuance: 

Number of securities remaining available for Number of securities to Weighted average future issuance under be issued upon exercise of exercise price of equity compensation plans outstanding options, outstanding options, (excluding securities warrants and rights warrants and rights reflected in column (a)) (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 2,527,173 (1) 10.44 1,475,594 (2) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders N/A N/A N/A 

 (1) Consists of 42,418 options to acquire shares under the Company s Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Plan, 1,989,683 options to acquire shares under the Company s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, and the aggregate amount of 495,072 stock options assumed from the Presidio stock option and equity incentive plans. (2) Available under the Company s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. 

 (b) Information required by this item will be contained in our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of December 31, 2022. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Information required by this item will be contained in our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of December 31, 2022. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES Information required by this item will be contained in our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of December 31, 2022. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. PART I V ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The Financial Statements of the Company and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are set forth on pages 94 through 145. (2) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES All schedules to the Financial Statements are omitted because of the absence of the conditions under which they are required or because the required information is included in the Financial Statements or accompanying notes. (3) EXHIBITS The exhibits listed below are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated April 23, 2015, by and among Heritage Commerce Corp, Heritage Bank of Commerce and Focus Business Bank (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2015) 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated December 20, 2017, by and among Heritage Commerce Corp, Heritage Bank of Commerce and Tri-Valley Bank (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2017) 2.3 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated January 10, 2018, by and among Heritage Commerce Corp, Heritage Bank of Commerce, AT Bancorp and United American Bank (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 10, 2018) 2.4 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated May 16, 2019, by and among Heritage Commerce Corp, Heritage Bank of Commerce, and Presidio Bank (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2019) 3.1 Restated Articles of Incorporation of Heritage Commerce Corp (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2009) 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Heritage Commerce Corp, as filed with the California Secretary of State on June 1, 2010 (incorporated by reference from the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed July 23, 2010) 3.3 Bylaws, as amended, of Heritage Commerce Corp (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Current Report Form 8-K filed June 28, 2013) 3.4 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Heritage Commerce Corp, as filed with the Secretary of State on August 29, 2019 (incorporated by reference from Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 11, 2019) 3.5 Certificate of Determination of the Articles of Incorporation (Revocation of Series A Preferred), as filed with the Secretary of State on April 5, 2019 (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 11, 2020) 3.6 Certificate of Determination of the Articles of Incorporation (Revocation of Series B Preferred), as filed with the Secretary of State on April 5, 2019 (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 11, 2020) 
 91 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description 3.7 Certificate of Determination of the Articles of Incorporation (Revocation of Series C Preferred), as filed with the Secretary of State on April 5, 2019 (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 11, 2020) 4.1 Form of 5.25 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.2) (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 26, 2017) 4.2 Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated herein by reference from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 11, 2020) 10.1 Heritage Commerce Corp Management Cash Incentive Bonus Plan (incorporated herein by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 28, 2022) 10.2 Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Plan (incorporated herein by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 2, 2009) 10.3 Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 31, 2005) 10.4 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Lawrence McGovern, dated July 21, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8 K filed July 21, 2011) 10.5 Employment Agreement with Margo Butsch, dated June 26, 2017 (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 26, 2017) 10.6 Employment Agreement with Robertson Clay Jones, dated September 15, 2022 (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 19, 2022) 10.7 Employment Agreement with Robertson Clay Jones, effective October 11, 2019 (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 11, 2020) 10.8 Employment Agreement with Jan Coonley, effective July 12, 2022 10.9 Employment Agreement with Debra K. Reuter, effective July 23, 2015 10.10 Form of Stock Option Agreement For Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Plan (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 9, 2012) 10.11 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement For Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Plan (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 9, 2012) 10.12 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed July 15, 2013) 10.13 Amendment No. 1 to Heritage Commerce Corp 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, dated May 25, 2017 (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Proxy Statement, dated April 19, 2017, Appendix A, filed April 19, 2017) 10.14 Amendment No. 2 to Heritage Commerce Corp 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, dated May 21, 2020 (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Proxy Statement, dated April 15, 2020, Appendix A, filed April 15, 2020) 10.15 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed July 15, 2013) 10.16 Form of Stock Option Agreement for 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed July 15, 2013) 10.17 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (serviced-based) for 2013 Equity Incentive Plan 10.18 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (performance-based) for 2013 Equity Incentive Plan 10.19 2005 Amended and Restated Heritage Commerce Corp Supplemental Retirement Plan (incorporated herein by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 30, 2008) 10.20 Form of Endorsement Method Split Dollar Plan Agreement for Executive Officers (incorporated herein by reference from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 17, 2008) 10.21 Form of Endorsement Method Split Dollar Plan Agreement for Directors (incorporated herein by reference from the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 17, 2008) 10.22 First Amended and Restated Director Compensation Benefits Agreement dated December 29, 2008 between Jack Conner and the Company (incorporated herein by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 2, 2009) 10.23 First Amended and Restated Director Compensation Benefits Agreement dated December 29, 2008 between Frank Bisceglia and the Company (incorporated herein by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 2, 2009) 
 92 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description 10.24 First Amended and Restated Director Compensation Benefits Agreement dated December 29, 2008 between Robert Moles and the Company (incorporated herein by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 2, 2009) 10.25 First Amended and Restated Director Compensation Benefits Agreement dated December 29, 2008 between Ranson Webster and the Company (incorporated herein by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 2, 2009) 10.26 Employment Agreement with Walter T. Kaczmareck, dated April 5, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 8, 2021) 10.27 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and its directors and executive officers (incorporated herein by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 23, 2009) 10.28 Stock Purchase Agreement, between Heritage Bank of Commerce, BVF Acquisition Corp and the stockholders named therein dated October 8, 2014 (incorporated herein from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed October 9, 2014) 10.29 Presidio Bank Amended and Restated 2006 Stock Options Plan (incorporated herein by reference from the Registrant s Statement on Form S-8 filed October 15, 2019) 10.30 Presidio Bank 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference from the Registrant s Statement on Form S-8 filed October 15, 2019) 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (incorporated herein from the Registrant s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed March 3, 2017) 23.1 Consent of Crowe LLP 31.1 Certification of Registrant s Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Registrant s Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of Registrant s Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 32.2 Certification of Registrant s Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document, filed herewith 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document, filed herewith 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document, filed herewith 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document, filed herewith 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document, filed herewith 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document, filed herewith 104 Cover Page Interactive Data (formatted as inline XBRL) 

 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY Not applicable. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Heritage Commerce Corp BY: /s/ ROBERTSON CLAY JONES Robertson Clay Jones DATE: March 8, 2023 Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated: Signature Title Date /s/ JULIANNE M. BIAGINI-KOMAS Director March 8, 2023 Julianne M. Biagini-Komas /s/ BRUCE H. CABRAL Bruce H. Cabral Director March 8, 2023 /s/ JACK W. CONNER Director and Chairman of the Board March 8, 2023 Jack W. Conner /s/ JASON DINAPOLI Director March 8, 2023 Jason DiNapoli /s/ STEPHEN G. HEITEL Director March 8, 2023 Stephen G. Heitel /s/ KAMRAN F. HUSAIN Director March 8, 2023 Kamran F. Husain /s/ ROBERTSON CLAY JONES Director and Chief Executive Officer Robertson Clay Jones (Principal Executive Officer) March 8, 2023 /s/ WALTER T. KACZMAREK Director March 8, 2023 Walter T. Kaczmarek /s/ LAWRENCE D. MCGOVERN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) March 8, 2023 Lawrence D. McGovern /s/ ROBERT T. MOLES Director March 8, 2023 Robert T. Moles /s/ MARINA H. PARK SUTTON Director March 8, 2023 Marina H. Park Sutton /s/ LAURA RODEN Director March 8, 2023 Laura Roden /s/ RANSON W. WEBSTER Director March 8, 2023 Ranson W. Webster 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Crowe LLP (PCAOB ID 96 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 99 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 100 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 101 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 102 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 103 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 104 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Heritage Commerce Corp San Jose, California Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Heritage Commerce Corp (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO. Basis for Opinions The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans Economic Forecasts and Qualitative Adjustments As described in Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans ACLL represents the Company s estimate of amounts that are not expected to be collected over the contractual life of the Company s held for investment loan portfolio. The estimate of the ACLL is based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s ACLL was 47,512,000, and the provision for credit losses on loans was 766,000 for the year then ended. To estimate the ACLL, the Company uses a discounted cash flow methodology that includes loan level cash flow estimates for each loan segment based on peer and bank historic loss correlations with certain economic factors. The Company uses economic forecast data for the state of California including gross state product, unemployment rate, home price index and a national commercial real estate value index in their forecasting models. Management uses a four quarter forecast of each economic factor for each loan segment. The economic factors are assumed to revert to the historic mean over an eight quarter period after the four quarter forecast period. A significant amount of judgment is required to determine the reasonable and supportable forecasts. The Company also uses a qualitative analysis framework to address changes in risk due to loan quality trends, collateral risk, or other risks management determines are not adequately captured in the discounted cash flow loss estimation. Significant management judgment was applied in evaluating the qualitative adjustments used in the estimate. The audit procedures over the reasonable and supportable forecasts involved a high degree of auditor judgment and required significant audit effort. Additionally, the audit procedures over the qualitative adjustments utilized in management s methodology involved especially challenging and subjective auditor judgment. Therefore, we identified auditing the reasonable and supportable forecasts and the qualitative adjustments applied as a critical audit matter. The primary audit procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following: Tested the design and operating effectiveness of the Company s controls over: o Management s review of the appropriateness of the reasonable and supportable forecasts applied in the estimate of the ACLL, including the review of relevance and reliability of data used in the estimate. o Management s review of the completeness and accuracy of internal data and relevance and reliability of external data used in the qualitative adjustments. o Management s review of the reasonableness of assumptions and judgments made for qualitative adjustments. o Management s review of the mathematical accuracy of the qualitative adjustments. 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 Evaluated management s judgments in the selection and application of reasonable and supportable forecasts, including the relevancy and reliability of data used in the estimate. Performed substantive testing over the qualitative adjustments including: o Tested the completeness and accuracy of internal data and relevance and reliability of external data used in the qualitative adjustments. o Assessed the appropriateness and reasonableness of the framework developed for the qualitative adjustments including evaluating management s judgments as to which factors impacted the qualitative adjustments for each portfolio segment. o Performed testing over the accuracy of inputs utilized in the calculation of qualitative adjustments for each portfolio segment. o Tested the mathematical accuracy of the calculation of qualitative factor adjustments. 

/s/ Crowe LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2005. March 8, 2023 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Assets Cash and due from banks Other investments and interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions Total cash and cash equivalents Securities available-for-sale, at fair value Securities held-to-maturity, at amortized cost, net of allowance for credit losses of at 2022 and at 2021 (fair value of at 2022 and at 2021) Loans held-for-sale - SBA, at lower of cost or fair value, including deferred costs Loans, net of deferred fees Allowance for credit losses on loans ) ) Loans, net Federal Home Loan Bank, Federal Reserve Bank stock and other investments, at cost Company-owned life insurance Premises and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets Accrued interest receivable and other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Liabilities: Deposits: Demand, noninterest-bearing Demand, interest-bearing Savings and money market Time deposits - under 250 Time deposits - 250 and over CDARS - interest-bearing demand, money market and time deposits Total deposits Subordinated debt, net of issuance costs Accrued interest payable and other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity: Preferred stock, no par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding at 2022 and 2021 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at 2022 and shares issued and outstanding at 2021 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Interest income: Loans, including fees Securities, taxable Securities, exempt from Federal tax Other investments, interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions and Federal funds sold Total interest income Interest expense: Deposits Subordinated debt Short-term borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income before provision for credit losses on loans Provision for (recapture of) credit losses on loans ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses on loans Noninterest income: Service charges and fees on deposit accounts Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance Gain on warrants Servicing income Gain on sales of SBA loans Termination fees Gain on proceeds from company-owned life insurance Gain on the disposition of foreclosed assets Gain on sales of securities Other Total noninterest income Noninterest expense: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Professional fees Other Total noninterest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Earnings per common share: Basic Diluted See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in net unrealized holding (losses) gains on available-for-sale securities and I/O strips ) ) Deferred income taxes ) Change in net unamortized unrealized gain on securities available-for- sale that were reclassified to securities held-to-maturity ) ) Deferred income taxes Reclassification adjustment for gains realized in income ) Deferred income taxes Change in unrealized (losses) gains on securities and I/O strips, net of deferred income taxes ) ) Change in net pension and other benefit plan liability adjustment ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Change in pension and other benefit plan liability, net of deferred income taxes ) Other comprehensive (loss) ) ) ) Total comprehensive income See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Accumulated Other Total Common Stock Retained Comprehensive Shareholders Shares Amount Earnings Loss Equity (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Balance, January 1, 2020 ) Net income Cumulative effect of change in accounting principles (Note 1) ) ) Other comprehensive income ) ) Issuance of restricted stock awards, net Amortization of restricted stock awards, net of forfeitures Cash dividend declared per share ) ) Stock option expense, net of forfeitures Stock options exercised Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Issuance of restricted stock awards, net Amortization of restricted stock awards, net of forfeitures and taxes Cash dividend declared per share ) ) Stock option expense, net of forfeitures and taxes Stock options exercised Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Issuance of restricted stock awards, net Amortization of restricted stock awards, net of forfeitures and taxes Cash dividend declared per share ) ) Stock option expense, net of forfeitures and taxes Stock options exercised Balance, December 31, 2022 ) See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Amortization of discounts and premiums on securities ) Gain on sale of securities available-for-sale ) Gain on sale of SBA loans ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of SBA loans originated for sale SBA loans originated for sale ) ) ) Loss on the disposition of foreclosed assets ) Provision for (recapture of) credit losses on loans ) Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization Amortization of other intangible assets Stock option expense, net Amortization of restricted stock awards, net Amortization of subordinated debt issuance costs Gain on proceeds from company-owned life insurance ) ) ) Effect of changes in: Accrued interest receivable and other assets Accrued interest payable and other liabilities ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchase of securities available-for-sale ) Purchase of securities held-to-maturity ) ) ) Maturities/paydowns/calls of securities available-for-sale Maturities/paydowns/calls of securities held-to-maturity Proceeds from sales of securities available-for-sale Proceeds from the disposition of foreclosed assets Purchase of mortgage loans ) ) Net change in loans ) ) ) Changes in Federal Home Loan Bank stock and other investments ) ) Purchase of premises and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from redemption of company-owned life insurance Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Net change in deposits ) Net change in short-term borrowings ) Exercise of stock options Payment of cash dividends ) ) ) Redemption of subordinated debt ) Issuance of subordinated debt, net of issuance costs Net cash (used-in) provided by financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Interest paid Income taxes paid, net Supplemental schedule of non-cash activity: Recording of right to use assets in exchange for lease obligations Transfer of loans held-for-sale to loan portfolio See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 of SBA Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans and of Bay View Funding factored receivables at December 31, 2022, compared to and , respectively at December 31, 2021. allowance for credit losses has been recorded for PPP loans as they are fully guaranteed by the SBA. Commercial Real Estate CRE CRE loans rely primarily on the cash flows of the properties securing the loan and secondarily on the value of the property that is securing the loan. CRE loans comprise two segments differentiated by owner occupied CRE and non-owner CRE. Owner occupied CRE loans are secured by commercial properties that are at least 50 occupied by the borrower or borrower affiliate. Non-owner occupied CRE loans are secured by commercial properties that are less than 50 occupied by the borrower or borrower affiliate. CRE loans may be adversely affected by conditions in the real estate markets or in the general economy. Land and Construction Land and construction loans are generally based on estimates of costs and value associated with the complete project. Construction loans usually involve the disbursement of funds with repayment substantially dependent on the success of the completion of the project. Sources of repayment for these loans may be permanent loans from HBC or other lenders, or proceeds from the sales of the completed project. These loans are monitored by on-site inspections and are considered to have higher risk than other real estate loans due to the final repayment dependent on numerous factors including general economic conditions. Home Equity Home equity loans are secured by 1-4 family residences that are generally owner occupied. Repayment of these loans depends primarily on the personal income of the borrower and secondarily by the value of the property securing the loan which can be impacted by changes in economic conditions such as the unemployment rate and property values. These loans are generally revolving lines of credit. Multifamily Multifamily loans are loans on residential properties with five or more units. These loans rely primarily on the cash flows of the properties securing the loan for repayment and secondarily on the value of the properties securing the loan. The cash flows of these borrowers can fluctuate along with the values of the underlying property depending on general economic conditions. 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 building which is being depreciated over . Furniture, equipment , and leasehold improvements are depreciated over estimated useful lives generally ranging from five to . The Company evaluates the recoverability of long-lived assets on an ongoing basis. 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 . The below market value lease intangible assets are being amortized on the straight line method over . The above market lease adjustment is being amortized on the straight line method over . The customer relationship and brokered relationship intangible assets are being amortized over . foreclosed assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 customer accounts for more than 10 percent of revenue for HBC or the Company. With the previous acquisition of Bay View Funding, the Company has reportable segments consisting of Banking and Factoring. 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 Accounting Guidance Issued But Not Yet Adopted 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) before reclassification, net of taxes ) ) Amounts reclassified from other comprehensive income, net of taxes Net current period other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes ) ) Ending balance December 31, 2022, net of taxes ) ) ) Beginning balance January 1, 2021, net of taxes ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) before reclassification, net of taxes ) ) Amounts reclassified from other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes ) ) ) Ending balance December 31, 2021, net of taxes ) ) 

 (1) This AOCI component is included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost (see Note 13 Benefit Plans) and includes split-dollar life insurance benefit plan. 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 Gain on sales of securities ) Income tax expense Net of tax Amortization of unrealized gain on securities available-for-sale that were reclassified to securities held-to-maturity Interest income on taxable securities ) ) Income tax expense Net of tax Amortization of defined benefit pension plan items (1) Prior transition obligation and actuarial losses (2) Prior service cost and actuarial losses (3) ) ) ) ) ) ) Other noninterest expense Income tax expense ) ) ) Net of tax Total reclassification from AOCI for the period ) ) 

 (1) This AOCI component is included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost (see Note 13 Benefit Plans ). (2) This is related to the split dollar life insurance benefit plan. (3) This is related to the supplemental executive retirement plan. 

 ) Agency mortgage-backed securities ) Total ) Gross Gross Estimated Allowance Amortized Unrecognized Unrecognized Fair for Credit December 31, 2022 Cost Gains (Losses) Value Losses (Dollars in thousands) Securities held-to-maturity: Agency mortgage-backed securities ) Municipals - exempt from Federal tax ) ) Total ) ) 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 Total Gross Gross Estimated Allowance Amortized Unrecognized Unrecognized Fair for Credit December 31, 2021 Cost Gains (Losses) Value Losses (Dollars in thousands) Securities held-to-maturity: Agency mortgage-backed securities ) Municipals - exempt from Federal tax ) Total ) ) Securities with unrealized losses at year end, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in an unrealized loss position are as follows: ) ) Agency mortgage-backed securities ) ) Total ) ) Less Than 12 Months 12 Months or More Total Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized December 31, 2022 Value (Losses) Value (Losses) Value (Losses) (Dollars in thousands) Securities held-to-maturity: Agency mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Municipals exempt from Federal tax ) ) Total ) ) ) 

Less Than 12 Months 12 Months or More Total Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized December 31, 2021 Value (Losses) Value (Losses) Value (Losses) (Dollars in thousands) Securities held-to-maturity: Agency mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) There were holdings of securities of any one issuer, other than the U.S. Government and its sponsored entities, in an amount greater than of shareholders equity. At December 31, 2022, the Company held securities available-for-sale and held-to-maturity), of which had fair values below amortized cost. At December 31, 2022, there were of U.S. Treasury securities available-for-sale, of agency mortgage-backed securities available-for-sale, of agency mortgage-backed securities held-to-maturity, and of municipal securities held-to-maturity, carried with an unrealized loss for less than 12 months, and of agency mortgage-backed securities held-to-maturity, carried with an unrealized loss for 12 months or more. The total unrealized loss for securities less than 12 months was and the total unrealized loss for securities carried for 12 months or more was at December 31, 2022. The unrealized losses were due to higher interest rates at period end compared to when the securities were purchased. The issuers are of high credit quality and all principal amounts are expected to be paid when securities mature. The fair value is expected to recover as the securities approach their maturity date and/or 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 Gross gains Gross losses The amortized cost and fair value of debt securities as of December 31, 2022, by contractual maturity, are shown below. The expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities if borrowers have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. Securities not due at a single maturity date are shown separately. Due after one through five years Agency mortgage-backed securities Total Held-to-maturity Amortized Estimated Cost Fair Value (Dollars in thousands) Due after three months through one year Due after one through five years Due after five through ten years Due after ten years Agency mortgage-backed securities Total Securities with amortized cost of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were pledged to secure public deposits and for other purposes as required or permitted by law or contract. The table below presents a roll-forward by major security type for the year ended December 31, 2022 of the allowance for credit losses on debt securities held-to-maturity held at period end: Provision for (recapture of) credit losses ) Ending balance December 31, 2022 For the year ended December 31, 2022, there was a reduction of to the allowance for credit losses on the Company s held-to-maturity municipal investment securities portfolio. This reduction was the result of a reduction in municipal securities amortized balances resulting from regular payments. 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 Real estate: CRE - owner occupied CRE - non-owner occupied Land and construction Home equity Multifamily Residential mortgages Consumer and other Loans Deferred loan fees, net ) ) Loans, net of deferred fees Allowance for credit losses on loans ) ) Loans, net Changes in the allowance for credit losses on loans were as follows: Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries Net recoveries ) Provision for (recapture of) credit losses on loans ) ) ) ) End of period balance Year Ended December 31, 2021 CRE CRE Owner Non-owner Land Home Multi- Residential Consumer Commercial Occupied Occupied Construction Equity Family Mortgage and Other Total (Dollars in thousands) Beginning of period balance Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs) recoveries Provision for (recapture of) credit losses on loans ) ) ) ) ) ) ) End of period balance 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 Adoption of Topic 326 ) ) ) Balance at adoption on January 1, 2020 Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Net (charge-offs) recoveries ) ) ) Provision for (recapture of) credit losses on loans ) ) End of period balance The following table presents the amortized cost basis of nonaccrual loans and loans past due over 90 days and still accruing at the periods indicated: Real estate: CRE - Non-Owner Occupied Home equity Total December 31, 2021 Restructured Nonaccrual Nonaccrual and Loans with no Specific with no Specific over 90 Days Allowance for Allowance for Past Due Credit Credit and Still Losses Losses Accruing Total (Dollars in thousands) Commercial Real estate: CRE - Owner Occupied Home equity Multifamily Total 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 Real estate: CRE - Owner Occupied CRE - Non-Owner Occupied Land and construction Home equity Multifamily Residential mortgages Consumer and other Total December 31, 2021 30 - 59 60 - 89 90 Days or Days Days Greater Total Past Due Past Due Past Due Past Due Current Total (Dollars in thousands) Commercial Real estate: CRE - Owner Occupied CRE - Non-Owner Occupied Land and construction Home equity Multifamily Residential mortgages Consumer and other Total Past due loans 30 days or greater totaled and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, of which and were on nonaccrual. At December 31, 2022, there were also loans less than 30 days past due included in nonaccrual loans held-for-investment. At December 31, 2021, there were also loans less than 30 days past due included in nonaccrual loans held-for-investment. Management s classification of a loan as nonaccrual is an indication that there is reasonable doubt as to the full recovery of principal or interest on the loan. At that point, the Company stops accruing interest income, and reverses any uncollected interest that had been accrued as income. The Company begins recognizing interest income only as cash interest payments are received and it has been determined the collection of all outstanding principal is not in doubt. Credit Quality Indicators Concentrations of credit risk arise when a number of customers are engaged in similar business activities, or activities in the same geographic region, or have similar features that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic conditions. The Company s loan portfolio is concentrated in commercial (primarily manufacturing, wholesale, and service) and real estate lending, with the remaining balance in consumer loans. While no specific industry concentration is considered significant, the Company s lending operations are located in the Company s market areas that are dependent on the technology and real estate industries and their supporting companies. Thus, the Company s borrowers could be adversely impacted by a downturn in these sectors of the economy which could reduce the demand for loans and adversely impact the borrowers ability to repay their loans. The Company categorizes loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such as: current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic trends, and other factors. The Company analyzes loans individually by classifying the 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 balance to report as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Loans may be reviewed at any time throughout a loan s duration. If new information is provided, a new risk assessment may be performed if warranted. The following tables present term loans amortized cost by vintage and loan grade classification, and revolving loans amortized cost by loan grade classification at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The loan grade classifications are based on the Bank s internal loan grading methodology. Loan grade categories for doubtful and loss rated loans are not included on the tables below as there are no loans with those grades at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The vintage year represents the period the loan was originated or in the case of renewed loans, the period last renewed. The amortized balance is the loan balance less any purchase discounts, and plus any loan purchase premiums. The loan categories are based on the loan segmentation in the Company s CECL reserve methodology based on loan purpose and type. 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 Special Mention - Substandard - - - Substandard-Nonaccrual - - - - Total CRE - Owner Occupied: Pass Special Mention - - - Substandard - - - - Substandard-Nonaccrual - - - - - - - - Total CRE - Non-Owner Occupied: Pass Special Mention - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - - Substandard-Nonaccrual - - - - - - - - Total Land and construction: Pass - - - Special Mention - - - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - - - - Substandard-Nonaccrual - - - - - - - - Total - - - Home equity: Pass - - - - - Special Mention - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - Substandard-Nonaccrual - - - - - Total - - - - Multifamily: Pass Special Mention - - - - Substandard - - - - - - - - Substandard-Nonaccrual - - - - - - - - Total Residential mortgage: Pass - Special Mention - - - - Substandard - - - - - - Substandard-Nonaccrual - - - - - - - - Total - Consumer and other: Pass - - Special Mention - - - - Substandard - - - - - - - - Substandard-Nonaccrual - - - - - - - - Total - Total loans Risk Grades: Pass Special Mention Substandard - Substandard-Nonaccrual - - - - Grand Total 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 Special Mention Substandard - Substandard-Nonaccrual - - - Total CRE - Owner Occupied: Pass Special Mention - - - Substandard - - - Substandard-Nonaccrual - - - - - Total CRE - Non-Owner Occupied: Pass Special Mention - - - - Substandard - - - - - Substandard-Nonaccrual - - - - - - - - Total Land and construction: Pass - - Special Mention - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - - - - Substandard-Nonaccrual - - - - - - - - Total - - Home equity: Pass - - - - - Special Mention - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - Substandard-Nonaccrual - - - - - - Total - - - Multifamily: Pass - Special Mention - - - - - Substandard - - - - - - - - Substandard-Nonaccrual - - - - - - Total - Residential mortgage: Pass - Special Mention - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - - - - Substandard-Nonaccrual - - - - - - - - Total - Consumer and other: Pass Special Mention - - - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - - Substandard-Nonaccrual - - - - - - - - Total Total loans Risk Grades:. Pass Special Mention Substandard - Substandard-Nonaccrual - - - Grand Total 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 The amortized cost basis of collateral-dependent loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively, and were secured by business assets. When management determines that foreclosures are probable, expected credit losses for collateral-dependent loans are based on the fair value of the collateral at the reporting date, adjusted for selling costs as appropriate. For loans which foreclosure is not probable, but for which repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral and the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, management has elected the practical expedient under ASC 326 to estimate expected credit losses based on the fair value of collateral, adjusted for selling costs as appropriate. The class of loan represents the primary collateral type associated with the loan. Significant quarter over quarter changes are reflective of changes in nonaccrual status and not necessarily associated with credit quality indicators like appraisal value. The book balance of troubled debt restructurings at December 31, 2022 was less than . The book balance of troubled debt restructurings at December 31, 2021 was , which included of nonaccrual loans and of accruing loans. There were specific reserves established with respect to these loans as of December 31, 2022, and approximately in specific reserves were established with respect to these loans as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively, the Company had additional amounts committed on any loan classified as a troubled debt restructuring. There were loans modified as a troubled debt restructuring during the year ended December 31, 2022. There was new loan with total recorded investment of that was modified as a troubled debt restructuring during the year ended December 31, 2021. The following table presents loans by class modified as troubled debt restructurings for the periods indicated: Total A loan is considered to be in payment default when it is contractually past due under the modified terms. There were defaults on troubled debt restructurings, within twelve months following the modification, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. A loan that is a troubled debt restructuring on nonaccrual status may return to accruing status after a period of at least of consecutive payments in accordance with the modified terms. , , and , respectively. Servicing assets represent the servicing spread generated from the sold guaranteed portions of SBA loans. The weighted average servicing rate for all loans serviced was , , and at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 Additions Amortization ) ) ) End of year balance There was valuation allowance for servicing rights at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, because the estimated fair value of the servicing rights was greater than the carrying value. The estimated fair value of loan servicing rights was , , and , at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The fair value of servicing rights at December 31, 2022, was estimated using a weighted average constant prepayment rate CPR assumption of , and a weighted average discount rate assumption of . The fair value of servicing rights at December 31, 2021, was estimated using a weighted average CPR assumption of , and a weighted average discount rate assumption of . The fair value of servicing rights at December 31, 2020, was estimated using a weighted average CPR assumption of , and a weighted average discount rate assumption of . The weighted average discount rate and CPR assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the I/O strip receivables are the same as for the servicing rights. Management reviews the key economic assumptions used to estimate the fair value of I/O strip receivables on a quarterly basis. The fair value of the I/O strip can be adversely impacted by a significant increase in either the prepayment speed of the portfolio or the discount rate. I/O strip receivables are included in accrued interest receivable and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Activity for I/O strip receivables follows: Unrealized loss ) ) ) End of year balance Land Furniture and equipment Leasehold improvements Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Premises and equipment, net Depreciation and amortization expense was , , and , in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively. The following table presents the quantitative information for the Company s leases: Operating Lease - Operating Cash Flows (Fixed Payments) Operating Lease - ROU assets Operating Lease - Liabilities Weighted Average Lease Term - Operating Leases years years Weighted Average Discount Rate - Operating Leases The following maturity analysis shows the undiscounted cash flows due on the Company s operating lease liabilities: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted cash flows Discount on cash flows ) Total lease liability , which included of goodwill related to its acquisition of Bay View Funding, from its acquisition of Focus Business Bank, from its acquisition of Tri-Valley Bank, from its acquisition of United American Bank and from its acquisition of Presidio Bank. Goodwill impairment exists when a reporting unit s carrying value exceeds its fair value, which is determined through a qualitative assessment whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of equity of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value Step Zero ). If the qualitative assessment indicates it is more likely than not that the fair value of equity of a reporting unit is less than book value, then a quantitative impairment test is required. The quantitative assessment identifies if a reporting unit fair value is less than its carrying value. If it is, then the Company will recognize goodwill impairment equal to the difference between the carrying amount of the reporting unit and its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. The Company completed its annual goodwill impairment analysis as of November 30, 2022 with the assistance of an independent valuation firm. The goodwill related to the acquisition of Bay View Funding was tested separately for impairment under this analysis. No events or circumstances since the November 30, 2022 annual impairment test were noted that would indicate it was more likely than not a goodwill impairment exists, for either the Company s banking or factoring reporting units. 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 Factoring Total Goodwill Other Intangible Assets The Company s intangible assets are summarized as follows for the periods indicated: ) Customer relationship and brokered relationship intangibles ) Below market leases ) Total ) 

December 31, 2021 Gross Remaining Carrying Accumulated Carrying Amount Amortization Amount (Dollars in thousands) Core deposit intangibles ) Customer relationship and brokered relationship intangibles ) Below market leases ) Total ) Estimated amortization expense for each of the next five years and thereafter is as follows: ) 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Impairment testing of the intangible assets is performed at the individual asset level. Impairment exists if the carrying amount of the asset is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value at the date of the impairment test. For intangible assets, estimates of expected future cash flows (cash inflows less cash outflows) that are directly associated with an intangible asset are used to determine the fair value of that asset. Management makes certain estimates and assumptions in determining the expected future cash flows from core deposit and customer relationship intangibles including account attrition, expected lives, discount rates, interest rates, servicing costs and other factors. Significant changes in these estimates and assumptions could adversely impact the valuation of these intangible assets. If an impairment loss exists, the carrying amount of the intangible asset is adjusted to a new cost basis. The new cost basis is then amortized over the remaining useful life of the asset. Based on its assessment, management concluded that there was impairment of intangible assets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Time deposits of 250,000 and over were and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service CDARS deposits totaled which were comprised of interest-bearing demand deposits of and money market deposits of , (which have no scheduled maturity date, and therefore, are excluded from the table above), and time deposits of , (which are included in the table above). At December 31, 2021, CDARS deposits totaled , which were comprised of interest-bearing demand deposits of and money market deposits of , and time deposits of . The CDARS program allows customers with deposits in excess of FDIC-insured limits to obtain full coverage on time deposits through a network of banks within the CDARS program. Deposits gathered through these programs are not considered brokered deposits under current regulatory reporting guidelines. Deposits from executive officers, directors, and their affiliates were and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. overnight borrowings from the FHLB. HBC had of loans and of securities pledged to the FHLB as collateral on a line of credit of at December 31, 2022, of which was outstanding. HBC had of loans and of securities and pledged to the FHLB as collateral on a line of credit of at December 31, 2021, of which was outstanding. HBC can also borrow from the FRB s discount window. HBC had approximately of loans pledged to the FRB as collateral on an available line of credit of approximately at December 31, 2022, of which was outstanding. HBC had approximately of loans pledged to the FRB as collateral on an available line of credit of approximately at December 31, 2021, of which was outstanding. At December 31, 2022, HBC had Federal funds purchase arrangements available of . There were Federal funds purchased outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. HCC has a line of credit with a correspondent bank, of which was outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2022. HBC may also utilize securities sold under repurchase agreements to manage our liquidity position. There were securities sold under agreements to repurchase at December 31, 2022, and 2021. Subordinated Debt On May 11, 2022, the Company completed a private placement offering of aggregate principal amount of its fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due May 15, 2032 Sub Debt due 2032 ). The Company 
 126 

Table of Contents 
 aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due June 1, 2027 Sub Debt due 2027 ). The Sub Debt due 2032, net of unamortized issuance costs of , totaled at December 31, 2022, and qualifies as Tier 2 capital for the Company under the guidelines established by the Federal Reserve Bank. The debt issuance costs are amortized on a straight line basis through the maturity date of the subordinated notes. On May 26, 2017, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of aggregate principal amount of its Sub Debt due 2027. The Sub Debt due 2027 had a fixed interest rate of per year through June 1, 2022. On June 1, 2022, the Company completed the redemption of all of its outstanding of Sub Debt due 2027, prior to resetting to a floating rate. The Sub Debt due 2027 was redeemed pursuant to the terms of the Subordinated Indenture, as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, each dated as of May 26, 2017, between the Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, at the redemption price of of its principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest of . State Total currently payable Deferred tax expense (benefit): Federal ) ) State ) ) Total deferred tax ) ) Income tax expense The effective tax rate differs from the Federal statutory rate for the years ended December 31, as follows: State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Low income housing credits, net of investment losses ) ) ) Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance ) ) ) Stock option/restricted stock windfall tax benefit ) ) Non-taxable interest income ) ) ) Split-dollar term insurance ISO stock exercise ) Other, net Effective tax rate 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities that result from the tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes at December 31, are as follows: Lease accounting Defined postretirement benefit obligation Securities available-for-sale Accrued expenses State income taxes Federal net operating loss carryforwards Premises and equipment Stock compensation California net operating loss carryforwards Nonaccrual interest Split-dollar life insurance benefit plan Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Lease accounting ) ) Loan fees ) ) Intangible liabilities ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) FHLB stock ) ) I/O strips ) ) Securities available-for-sale ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets At December 31, 2022, the Company s federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards were and the Company s California net operating loss carryforwards were . These amounts are attributable to the prior merger transactions. The realization of these NOL carryforwards for Federal and State tax purposes are limited on the amount of net operating losses that can be utilized annually under the current tax law. The above NOL carryforwards are presented net of the losses that will expire unutilized under current tax law. Since the NOL carryforwards are already presented net of the amounts that will expire by operation of current tax law, there is no need for a valuation allowance as the Company fully expects to utilize the amounts disclosed. Under generally accepted accounting principles, a valuation allowance is required if it is more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will not be realized. The determination of the realizability of the deferred tax assets is highly subjective and dependent upon judgment concerning management s evaluation of both positive and negative evidence, including forecasts of future income, cumulative losses, applicable tax planning strategies, and assessments of current and future economic and business conditions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company s recorded amount of uncertain tax positions was not considered significant for financial reporting and the Company does not expect this amount to significantly increase or decrease in the next twelve months. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had net deferred tax assets of and , respectively. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company determined that a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets was not necessary. 
 128 

Table of Contents 
 Future commitments The Company expects of the future commitments to be paid in 2023, and in 2024 through 2026. For tax purposes, the Company recognized low income housing tax credits of for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and low income housing investment expense of and , respectively. The Company recognizes low income housing investment expenses as a component of income tax expense. . All options expire no later than from the date of grant. Restricted stock is subject to time vesting. The 2013 Plan will terminate at the 2023 Annual Shareholders Meeting to be held May 25, 2023. The Company intends to propose a new 2023 Equity Incentive Plan at the 2023 Annual Shareholders Meeting. All equity awards outstanding under the 2013 Plan remain outstanding subject to the terms of the respective award agreement. In 2022, the Company granted shares of nonqualified stock options and shares of restricted stock subject to time vesting requirements. There were shares available for the issuance of equity awards under the 2013 Plan as of December 31, 2022. Stock option activity under the equity plans is as follows: Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Vested or expected to vest Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 129 

Table of Contents 
 Information related to the equity plans for each of the last three years: Cash received from option exercise Tax benefit realized from option exercises Weighted average fair value of options granted As of December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock options granted under the equity plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model that uses the assumptions noted in the following table, including the weighted average assumptions for the option grants in each year. Volatility(1) Weighted average risk-free interest rate(2) Expected dividends(3) 

 (1) The expected life of employee stock options represents the weighted average period the stock options are expected to remain outstanding based on historical experience. Volatility is based on the historical volatility of the stock price over the same period of the expected life of the option. (2) Based on the U.S. Treasury constant maturity interest rate with a term consistent with the expected life of the option granted. (3) Each grant s dividend yield is calculated by annualizing the most recent quarterly cash dividend and dividing that amount by the market price of the Company s common stock as of the grant date 

 The Company estimates the impact of forfeitures based on historical experience. Should the Company s current estimate change, additional expense could be recognized or reversed in future periods. The Company issues authorized shares of common stock to satisfy stock option exercises. Restricted stock activity under the equity plans is as follows: Granted Vested ) Forfeited or expired ) Nonvested shares at December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock awards granted under the 2013 Plan. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. Total compensation cost for the 2004 Plan and 2013 Plan charged against income was , , 
 130 

Table of Contents 
 , for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The total income tax (benefit) expense was ), ), and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, and 2020, respectively. for each employee s contributions in 2022 and 2021. Contribution expense was , , and in 2022, and 2021 and 2020, respectively. Employee Stock Ownership Plan The Company sponsors a non-contributory employee stock ownership plan ESOP ). To participate in this plan, an employee must have worked at least hours during the year and must be employed by the Company at year-end. Employer contributions to the ESOP are discretionary. Contributions to the ESOP have been suspended since 2010 and ESOP was frozen as of January 1, 2019. At December 31, 2022, the ESOP owned shares of the Company s common stock. Deferred Compensation Plan The Company has a nonqualified deferred compensation plan for some of its employees. Under the deferred compensation plan, an employee may defer up to of their bonus and of their regular salary into a deferred account. Amounts deferred are invested in a portfolio of approved investment choices as directed by the employee. Amounts deferred by employees to the deferred compensation plan will be distributed at a future date that they have selected or upon termination of employment. There were employees who elected to participate in the deferred compensation plan during both 2022 and 2021. Nonqualified Defined Benefit Pension Plan The Company has a supplemental retirement plan SERP covering some current and some former key executives and directors. The SERP is an unfunded, nonqualified defined benefit plan. The combined number of active and retired/terminated participants in the SERP was at December 31, 2022. The defined benefit represents a stated amount for key executives and directors that generally vests over and is reduced for early retirement. The projected benefit obligation is included in Accrued interest payable and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The SERP has assets and the projected benefit obligation is unfunded. The measurement date of the SERP is December 31. The following table sets forth the SERP s status at December 31: Service cost Actuarial gain ) ) Interest cost Benefits paid ) ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss: Net actuarial loss 
 131 

Table of Contents 
 Weighted-average assumptions used to determine the benefit obligation at year-end: Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A Estimated benefit payments over the next ten years, which reflect anticipated future events, service and other assumptions, are as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 to 2032 The components of pension cost for the SERP follow: Interest cost Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of net actuarial loss Net periodic benefit cost Amount recognized in other comprehensive income The components of net periodic benefit cost other than the service cost component are included in the line item other noninterest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The estimated net actuarial loss and prior service cost for the SERP that will be amortized from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year are as of December 31, 2022. Net periodic benefit cost for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were determined using the following assumption: Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A Split-Dollar Life Insurance Benefit Plan The Company maintains life insurance policies for some current and some former directors and officers that are subject to split-dollar life insurance agreements, some of which continues after the participant s employment and retirement. The policies acquired from Focus and Presidio do not include a post retirement benefit. All participants are fully vested in their split-dollar life insurance benefits. The accrued benefit liability for the split-dollar insurance agreements represents either the present value of the future death benefits payable to the participants beneficiaries or the present value of the estimated cost to maintain term life insurance, depending on the contractual terms of the participant s underlying agreement. 
 132 

Table of Contents 
 Interest cost Actuarial loss ) ) Projected benefit obligation at end of period Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss at December 31 consist of: Prior transition obligation Accumulated other comprehensive loss Weighted-average assumption used to determine the benefit obligation at year-end follow: Components of net periodic benefit cost during the year are: ) Interest cost Net periodic benefit cost Amount recognized in other comprehensive income The estimated net actuarial loss and prior transition obligation for the split-dollar life insurance benefit plan that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year are and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Weighted-average assumption used to determine the net periodic benefit cost: 
 133 

Table of Contents 
 Agency mortgage-backed securities I/O strip receivables Assets at December 31, 2021 Available-for-sale securities: Agency mortgage-backed securities I/O strip receivables Assets and Liabilities Measured on a Non-Recurring Basis The fair value of collateral dependent loans individually evaluated with specific allocations of the allowance for credit losses on loans is generally based on recent real estate appraisals. The appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and the income approach. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable sales and income data available. Such adjustments are usually significant and typically result in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value. Assets carried at fair value on a non-recurring basis are immaterial. 
 134 

Table of Contents 
 foreclosed assets on the balance sheet. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of financial instruments at December 31, 2022 are as follows: Securities available-for-sale Securities held-to-maturity, net Loans (including loans held-for-sale), net FHLB stock, FRB stock, and other investments N/A Accrued interest receivable I/O strips receivables Liabilities: Time deposits Other deposits Subordinated debt Accrued interest payable The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of financial instruments at December 31, 2021 are as follows: Securities available-for-sale Securities held-to-maturity, net Loans (including loans held-for-sale), net FHLB stock, FRB stock, and other investments N/A Accrued interest receivable I/O strips receivables Liabilities: Time deposits Other deposits Subordinated debt Accrued interest payable 
 135 

Table of Contents 
 counts. Subsequently, the plaintiffs sought to overturn the court s ruling in favor of the Bank by filing a petition for a writ of mandate in the California Court of Appeals, where the petition was denied. On December 12, 2022, the court granted the Bank s motion for judgment on the pleadings on of the remaining counts. The Bank has filed a motion for summary judgment against of the plaintiffs on the remaining count. We intend to vigorously defend this action. In December 2020, Solarmore Management Services, Inc. v. Jeff Carpoff et al., Solarmore was filed as an amended complaint in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of California against the Bank, a former employee and other unrelated parties. The case arose out of the Bank s former deposit relationship with D.C. Solar and its sponsored investment funds. On February 4, 2022, Solarmore voluntarily dismissed the Bank without prejudice, but not the Bank s former employee. The Bank s former employee remains a party to the action. 
 Employee Related: In November 2020, a former and a then-current bank employee purporting to represent a class of Bank employees, alleged in a lawsuit that the Bank violated the California Labor Code and California Business and Professions Code, by failing to permit required meal and rest breaks, and by failing to provide accurate wage statements, among other claims. The lawsuit seeks unspecified penalties under the California Private Attorneys General Act PAGA in addition to other monetary payments. Because the class/PAGA action alleges wage and hour claims, it is not covered by the Bank s insurance. In February 2021, the Bank was notified of a set of PAGA and potential class claims alleged by a third former and a then-current bank employee alleging the same claims. The third former employee/claimant is being added as a plaintiff to the previously filed class/PAGA action. We intend to vigorously defend this action. In October 2021 the third employee/claimant above referenced filed a lawsuit alleging race, color, gender, and sex discrimination; disability discrimination; discrimination against an employee making a CFRA claim, violation of the Equal Pay Act, retaliation, and related claims. We intend to vigorously defend this action. In September 2022 the Bank moved to compel arbitration in both cases; hearings were held in Alameda County Superior Court in early November and early December 2022. The motions in both cases were denied and the Bank appealed the rulings. Both cases are stayed pending appeal. The Company makes a provision for a liability relating to legal matters when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These provisions are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the impacts of negotiations, estimated settlements, legal rulings, advice of legal counsel and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. The outcomes of legal proceedings and other contingencies are, however, inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. As a result, the Company is not able to reasonably estimate the amount or range of possible losses, including losses that could arise as a result of application of 
 136 

Table of Contents 
 at December 31, 2022, compared to at December 31, 2021. Unused commitments represented outstanding gross loans at December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021. The effect on the Company s revenues, expenses, cash flows and liquidity from the unused portion of the commitments to provide credit cannot be reasonably predicted because there is no certainty that lines of credit and letters of credit will ever be fully utilized. The following table presents the Company s commitments to extend credit for the periods indicated: Standby letters of credit For the year ended December 31, 2022, there was an increase of to the allowance for credit losses on loans for the Company s off-balance sheet credit exposures, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The allowance for losses for the Company s off-balance sheet credit exposures was and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The increase in the allowance for credit losses for off-balance sheet credit exposures for the year ended December 31, 2022 was driven by an increase in loss factors as a result of a slowing economic outlook, partially offset by a decrease in loan commitments. 
 137 

Table of Contents 
 stock options for the year ended December 31, 2022, considered to be antidilutive and excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share. There were stock options for the year ended December 31, 2021, considered to be antidilutive and excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share. There were stock options for the year ended December 31, 2020, considered to be antidilutive and excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share. A reconciliation of these factors used in computing basic and diluted earnings per common share is as follows: Weighted average common shares outstanding for basic earnings per common share Dilutive potential common shares Shares used in computing diluted earnings per common share Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share . This delay is in addition to the transition period the agency had already made available. The adoption delayed the effects of CECL on our regulatory capital through the end of 2021. The effects are being phased-in over a period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2024, with recognized in 2022, recognized in 2023, and recognized in 2024. Under the interim final rule, the amount of adjustments to regulatory capital deferred until the phase-in period includes both the initial impact of adoption of the CECL Standard at January 1, 2020 and of subsequent changes in our allowance for credit losses during each quarter of the period ending December 31, 2021. Quantitative measures established by regulation to help ensure capital adequacy require the Company and HBC to maintain minimum amounts and ratios (set forth in the tables below) of total, Tier 1 capital, and common equity Tier 1 capital (as defined in the regulations) to risk weighted assets (as defined), and of Tier 1 capital to average assets (as defined). Management believes that, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company and HBC met all capital adequacy guidelines to which they were subject. 
 138 

Table of Contents 
 (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 Capital (to average assets) 

 (1) Includes capital conservation buffer, except the Tier 1 Capital to average assets ratio. 

Required For Capital Adequacy Purposes Actual Under Basel III Amount Ratio Amount Ratio (1) (Dollars in thousands) As of December 31, 2021 Total Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 Capital (to average assets) 

 (1) Includes capital conservation buffer, except the Tier 1 Capital to average assets ratio. 

139 

Table of Contents 
 (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 Capital (to average assets) 

 (1) Includes capital conservation buffer, except the Tier 1 Capital to average assets ratio. 

Required For Capital To Be Well-Capitalized Adequacy Under Basel III PCA Regulatory Purposes Actual Requirements Under Basel III Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio (1) (Dollars in thousands) As of December 31, 2021 Total Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 Capital (to average assets) 

 (1) Includes capital conservation buffer, except the Tier 1 Capital to average assets. 

 The Subordinated Debt, net of unamortized issuance costs, totaled at December 31, 2022, and qualifies as Tier 2 capital for the Company under the guidelines established by the Federal Reserve Bank. Under California General Corporation Law, the holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends when and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally available. The California Financial Code provides that a state licensed bank may not make a cash distribution to its shareholders in excess of the lesser of the following: (i) the bank s retained earnings; or (ii) the bank s net income for its last three fiscal years, less the amount of any distributions made by the bank to its shareholders during such period. However, a bank, with the prior approval of the Commissioner of the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation DFPI may make a distribution to its shareholders of an amount not to exceed the greater of (i) a bank s retained earnings; (ii) its net income for its last fiscal year; or (iii) its net income for the current fiscal year. Also with the prior approval of the Commissioner of the DFPI and the shareholders of the bank, the bank may make a distribution to its shareholders, as a reduction in capital of the bank. In the event that the Commissioner determines that the shareholders equity of a bank is inadequate or that the making of a distribution by a bank would be unsafe or unsound, the Commissioner may order a bank to refrain from making such a proposed distribution. As of December 31, 2022, HBC would not be required to obtain regulatory approval, and the amount available for cash dividends is . Similar restrictions applied to the amount and sum of loan advances and other transfers of funds from HBC to the parent company. HBC distributed to HCC dividends of for both years ended 
 140 

Table of Contents 
 Gain on the disposition of foreclosed assets Total noninterest income in-scope of Topic 606 Noninterest Income Out-of-scope of Topic 606 Total noninterest income 
 141 

Table of Contents 
 Occupancy and equipment Professional fees Insurance expense Amortization of intangible assets Data processing Reserve for litigation Other Total noninterest expense The following table presents the merger-related costs by category for the periods indicated: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Salaries and employee benefits Other Total merger-related costs 
 142 

Table of Contents 
 business segments: Banking segment and Factoring segment. Transactions between segments consist primarily of borrowed funds. Intersegment interest expense is allocated to the Factoring segment based on the Company s prime rate and funding costs. The provision for credit losses on loans is allocated based on the segment s allowance for credit losses on loans determination which considers the effects of charge-offs. Noninterest income and expense directly attributable to a segment are assigned to it. Taxes are paid on a consolidated basis and allocated for segment purposes. The Factoring segment includes only factoring originated by Bay View Funding. Intersegment interest allocations ) Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for (recapture of) credit losses on loans Net interest income after provision Noninterest income Noninterest expense Intersegment expense allocations ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Total assets Loans, net of deferred fees Goodwill 

 (1) Includes the holding company s results of operations. 

143 

Table of Contents 
 Intersegment interest allocations ) Total interest expense Net interest income Provision (recapture) for credit losses on loans ) ) ) Net interest income after provision Noninterest income Noninterest expense Intersegment expense allocations ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Total assets Loans, net of deferred fees Goodwill 

 (1) Includes the holding company s results of operations. 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 Banking (1) Factoring Consolidated (Dollars in thousands) Interest income Intersegment interest allocations ) Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses on loans Net interest income after provision Noninterest income Noninterest expense (2) Intersegment expense allocations ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Total assets Loans, net of deferred fees Goodwill 

 (1) Includes the holding company s results of operations. (2) The banking segment s noninterest expense includes merger-related costs of . 

144 

Table of Contents 
 Investment in subsidiary bank Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Subordinated debt, net of issuance costs Other liabilities Shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity Interest expense ) ) ) Other expenses ) ) ) Income before income taxes and equity in net income of subsidiary bank Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiary bank Income tax benefit Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operations: Amortization of restricted stock awards, net Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiary bank ) ) ) Net change in other assets and liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayment of long-term debt ) Payment of cash dividends ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 145 

Table of Contents 
 per share quarterly cash dividend to holders of common stock. The dividend was payable on February 23, 2023 to shareholders of record on February 9, 2023. 
 146 

<EX-10.8>
 2
 htbk-20221231xex10d8.htm
 EX-10.8

Exhibit 10.8 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This Employment Agreement (the Agreement is entered into by and between HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP, a California bank holding company (the Company ), HERITAGE BANK OF COMMERCE, a California banking corporation (the Bank ), and JAN COONLEY, an individual (the Executive as of July 12, 2022 (the Effective Date ). RECITALS WHEREAS, the Company is a California corporation and a bank holding Company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, subject to the supervision and regulation of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, WHEREAS, the Company is the parent holding company for the Bank, which is a California banking association, subject to the supervision and regulation of the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation and the Federal Reserve Board, WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company and the Bank have approved and authorized the entry into this Agreement with the Executive; and WHEREAS, the parties desire to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions for the employment relationship of the Executive with the Company and the Bank. AGREEMENT NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants and agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Company, the Bank and the Executive hereby agree as follows: 1. Employment .
 1.1 Title . The Executive is employed as Executive Vice President/ Chief People and Diversity Officer of the Bank. In this capacity, the Executive shall have such duties and responsibilities as may be designated by the Chief Executive Officer of the Bank in accordance with the objectives or policies of the Board of Directors of the Bank, from time to time, in connection with the business activities of the Bank.
 1.2 Devotion to Bank Business . The Executive shall devote Executive s full business time, ability, and attention to the business of the Bank during the term of this Agreement and shall not during the term of this Agreement engage in any other business activities, duties, or pursuits whatsoever, or directly or indirectly render any services of a business, commercial, or professional nature to any other person or organization, whether for compensation or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the Board of Directors of the Bank. It shall not be a violation of this Agreement for the Executive to (a) serve on corporate, civic or charitable boards or committees, (b) deliver lectures, fulfill speaking engagements or teach at educational institutions and (c) manage personal investments, so long as such activities do not significantly interfere with the performance of the Executive s responsibilities as an employee of the Bank in accordance with 

 1 BN 70487409v1 

this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted to prohibit the Executive from making passive personal investments. However, the Executive shall not directly or indirectly acquire, hold, or retain any interest in any business competing with or similar in nature to the business of the Bank and the Company, except as permitted by Company or Bank policies or authorized by the Board of Directors of the Company and the Bank.
 1.3 Standard . The Executive will set a high standard of professional conduct given the Executive s role with the Bank and the Executive s responsibility relative to the Bank s presence and stature in the community. The Executive will, at all times, emulate this high professional standard of conduct in order to develop and enhance the Bank s reputation and image. The Executive will comply with all applicable rules, policies and procedures of the Bank and any of its subsidiaries and all pertinent regulatory standards as may affect the Bank.
 1.4 Location . The Executive shall provide services for the Bank at either its principal executive offices located in San Jose, California. The Executive agrees that the Executive will be regularly present at the Company s principal executive offices and that the Executive may be required to travel from time to time in the course of performing the Executive s duties for the Bank.
 1.5 No Breach of Contract . The Executive hereby represents to the Bank that: (a) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Executive and the performance by the Executive of the Executive s duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, the terms of any other agreement or policy to which the Executive is a party or by which the Executive is otherwise bound; (b) that the Executive has no information (including, without limitation, confidential information or trade secrets) of any other person or entity which the Executive is not legally and contractually free to disclose to the Company and the Bank; and (c) that except as disclosed (and provided copies) the Executive is not bound by any confidentiality, trade secret or similar agreement (other than this Agreement) with any other person or entity.
 2. Term . The term of this Agreement shall be a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date, subject to the termination provisions of Section 6 . Upon the occurrence of the first annual anniversary of the Effective Date, and on each anniversary date thereafter, the term of this Agreement shall be deemed automatically extended for an additional one (1) year term, subject to the termination provisions of Section 6 .
 3. Compensation .
 3.1 Salary . The Executive shall receive a salary at an annual rate of 325,000 which will be paid in accordance with the Company s and the Bank s normal payroll procedures including applicable adjustments for withholding taxes. The Executive shall receive such annual increases in salary, if any, as may be determined by the Company s Board of Directors annual review of the Executive s compensation each year during the term of this Agreement. Participation in deferred compensation, discretionary or performance bonus, retirement, stock option and other employee benefit plans and in fringe benefits shall not reduce the annual rate.
 3.2 Restricted Stock. On the Effective Date, the Company will grant the Executive an equity award under its 2013 Equity Incentive Plan of 12,000 shares of the Company s restricted 

 2 BN 70487409v1 

common stock (subject to the clearance of any applicable black out period). The restricted stock will vest pro rata over three years, with acceleration of vesting on a change of control (as defined in the restricted stock agreement). In addition, Executive will also participate in the Executive Performance Restricted Stock program as described in the Company s Equity Policy and which will first be implemented for 2023 awards.
 3.3 Incentive Compensation . The Executive shall be entitled to qualify for an annual incentive compensation payment pursuant to the terms of the Company s Executive Officer Bonus Plan in effect at the date of this Agreement, and as amended at any future date or pursuant to any successor incentive plan or arrangement adopted by the Company or the Bank for its officers (the Incentive Plan ). Notwithstanding any terms of the Incentive Plan to the contrary, an annual payment if earned under the Incentive Plan for a fiscal year shall be paid to the Executive no later than the 15th day of the third month following the end of the calendar year in which the annual incentive compensation payment is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture. Except as set forth in the Incentive Plan or this Agreement, or in any successor incentive plan or arrangement, no incentive compensation payments shall be prorated for a partial year during the year the Executive s employment is terminated and the Executive shall not be entitled to receive incentive compensation payments for any year during the term of this Agreement in which Executive was not employed by the Bank for the full fiscal year.
 3.4 Other Benefits . The Executive shall be entitled to those benefits adopted by the Bank and the Company for all executive officers of the Bank, subject to applicable qualification requirements and regulatory approval requirements, if any. To the extent that the level of such benefits is based on seniority or compensation levels, the Company and the Bank shall make appropriate and proportionate adjustments to the Executive s benefits. The Executive shall be further entitled to the following additional benefits which shall supplement or replace, to the extent duplicative of any part or all of the general officer benefits, the benefits otherwise provided to the Executive:
 (a) Vacation . The Executive shall be entitled to 22 paid vacation days for each calendar year (reduced pro rata for any partial year), of which at least 5 days (reduced pro rata for any partial year) must be taken consecutively. Vacation may be accrued in accordance with the Bank s policy. The dates of vacation shall be determined by the Executive and the Bank Chief Executive Officer and will be subject to the business requirements of the Bank.
 (b) Insurance . The Bank or the Company shall provide during the term of this Agreement to the Executive at no cost to the Executive group life, health (including medical, dental, vision and hospitalization), accident and disability insurance coverage for the Executive and the Executive s dependents through a policy or policies provided by the insurer(s) selected by the Company or the Bank in their sole discretion on the same basis as all other executives in comparable positions with the Bank. 
 (c) 401(k) . The Company maintains a 401(k) plan for its eligible employees. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the official plan documents, the Executive will be eligible to participate in the 401(k) plan, and shall receive a matching contribution in accordance with the terms of the 401(k) plan from the Company.

 3 BN 70487409v1 

(d) Employee Stock Ownership Plan . The Executive will be eligible to participate in the Company s Employee Stock Ownership Plan ESOP ), subject to the terms and conditions of the ESOP.
 (e) Moving Allowance. The Bank will provide Executive with a 25,000 moving allowance.
 (f) Automobile Allowance. The Bank will provide Executive with an automobile allowance of 500 per month. The Executive shall obtain and maintain public liability insurance and property damage insurance policies with insurer (s) acceptable to the Bank with such coverage in such amounts which may be acceptable to the Bank from time to time.
 3.5 Business Expenses . The Executive shall be entitled to incur and be reimbursed for all reasonable business expenses. The Bank shall reimburse the Executive for all such expenses upon the presentation by the Executive, from time to time, of an itemized account of such expenditures setting forth the date, the purposes for which incurred, and the amounts thereof, together with such receipts showing payments in conformity with the Bank s established policies. Reimbursement shall be made within a reasonable period after the Executive s submission of an itemized account in accordance with the Bank s policies.
 4. Indemnity . The Bank and the Company shall indemnify and hold the Executive harmless from any cost, expense or liability arising out of or relating to any acts or decisions made by the Executive on behalf of or in the course of performing services for the Company and the Bank to the same extent the Bank and the Company indemnifies and holds harmless other executive officers and directors of the Company and the Bank and in accordance with the articles of incorporation, bylaws and established policies of the Bank and the Company.
 5. Certain Terms Defined . For purposes of this Agreement:
 5.1 Accrued Obligations means the sum of the Executive s Base Salary and accrued vacation through the Date of Termination to the extent not theretofore paid, outstanding expense reimbursements and any compensation previously deferred by the Executive to the extent not theretofore paid. 
 5.2 Average Annual Bonus means the average bonus or incentive compensation amount paid to (or earned by) the Executive during the three (3) fiscal years (or in shorter number of years if the length of employment of the Executive is less than 3 years) immediately preceding the Termination Date.
 5.3 Base Salary means, as of any Date of Termination of employment, the current annual salary of the Executive.
 5.4 Cause means (a) the Executive willfully breaches or habitually neglects the duties which the Executive is required to perform under this Agreement; (b) the Executive commits an intentional act of moral turpitude that has a material detrimental effect on the reputation or business of the Bank or the Company; (c) the Executive is convicted of a felony or commits any material and actionable act of dishonesty, fraud, or intentional material misrepresentation in the performance of the Executive s duties under this Agreement; (d) the 

 4 BN 70487409v1 

Executive engages in an unauthorized disclosure or use of inside information, trade secrets or other confidential information; or (e) the Executive willfully breaches a fiduciary duty, or violates any law, rule or regulation, which breach or violation results in a material adverse effect on the Company and the Bank (taken as a whole). If the Bank decides to terminate the Executive s employment for Cause, the Bank will provide the Executive with notice specifying the grounds for termination, accompanied by a brief written statement stating the relevant facts supporting such grounds.
 5.5 Change of Control means, subject to the limitations of Section 409A of the Code, set forth in Section 7 of this Agreement, the earliest occurrence of one of the following events:
 (a) the acquisition (or acquisition during the 12 month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition) by any individual, entity, or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act (a Person of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 40 or more of either (i) the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Company (the Outstanding Company Common Stock or (ii) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors Outstanding Company Voting Securities provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (a) , the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control: (i) any acquisition directly from the Company, (ii) any acquisition by the Company that reduces the number of shares issued and outstanding through a stock repurchase program or otherwise, (iii) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or the Bank or any corporation controlled by the Company or the Bank or (iv) any acquisition by any corporation pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (i) , (ii) and (iii) of subsection (c) of this Section 5.4 ; or
 (b) individuals who, as of the Effective Date, constitute the Board of Directors of the Company (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason other than resignation, death or disability to constitute at least a majority of the Company s Board of Directors during any 12 month period; provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the Effective Date whose election, or nomination for election by the Company s shareholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Company s Board of Directors; or
 (c) consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Company or the Bank, or sale or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of any assets of the Bank or the Company having a total fair market value equal to, or more than, 40 of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Bank or the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions (a Business Combination ), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination, (i) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Common Stock and Outstanding Voting 

 5 BN 70487409v1 

Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns all or substantially all of the Company s or Bank s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination of the Outstanding Common Stock and Outstanding Voting Securities, as the case may be, (ii) no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or the Bank or such corporation resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 20 or more of, respectively, of the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination, and (iii) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Company s Board of Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Company s Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination; or
 (d) approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company.
 5.6 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and any successor provisions to such sections.
 5.7 Change of Control Period means the period of time (a) commencing on the earlier of (i) 120 days before the date the Change of Control occurs, or if earlier, 120 days before a definitive agreement is executed by the Company or the Bank for a transaction described in Section 5.4(c) (provided, however, that in the event of this subsection (a)(i) the Executive reasonably demonstrates that the Executive s termination of employment should it occur was either (x) at the request of a third party who has taken steps reasonably calculated to effect a change in control, or (y) otherwise arose in connection with a Change in Control), or (ii) the date the Change of Control occurs, and (b) ending on the last day of the 24th calendar month immediately following the month the Change of Control occurred.
 5.8 Date of Termination means (a) if the Executive s employment is terminated due to the Executive s death, the Date of Termination shall be the date of death; (b) if the Executive s employment is terminated due to Disability, the Date of Termination is the Disability Effective Date; (c) if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Bank for Cause, the Date of Termination is the date on which the Bank gives notice to the Executive of such termination; (d) if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Bank without Cause or voluntarily by the Executive, the Date of Termination shall be the date specified in the notice of termination; and (e) if the Executive s employment terminates for any other reason, the Date of Termination shall be the Executive s final date of employment.
 5.9 Disability means a physical or mental condition of the Executive which occurs and persists and which, in the written opinion of a physician selected by the Bank or its insurers 

 6 BN 70487409v1 

and acceptable to the Executive or the Executive s legal representative, and, in the written opinion of such physician, the condition will render the Executive unable to return to the Executive s duties for an indefinite period of not less than 180 days.
 5.10 Release Agreement means a written agreement executed by the Company, the Bank and the Executive substantially in the form of Exhibit A, attached to this Agreement.
 6. Termination .
 6.1 This Agreement may be terminated for the following reasons:
 (a) Death . This Agreement shall terminate automatically upon the Executive s death.
 (b) Disability . In the event of the Executive s Disability, the Bank may give the Executive a notice of termination. In such event, the Executive s employment with the Bank and this Agreement shall terminate without further act of the parties effective 30 days after receipt of such notice by the Executive (the Disability Effective Date provided, however, that within the 30 days after such receipt, the Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of the Executive s duties. Unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Executive and the Bank, the Executive shall immediately cease performing and discharging the duties and responsibilities of the Executive s positions and remove the Executive s personal belongings from the Bank s premises. All rights and obligations accruing to the Executive under this Agreement shall cease at such termination, except that such termination shall not prejudice the Executive s rights regarding employment benefits which shall have accrued prior to such termination, and any other remedy which the Executive may have at law, in equity or under this Agreement, which remedy accrued prior to such termination.
 (c) Cause . The Bank may terminate the Executive s employment and this Agreement for Cause. Unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Executive and the Bank upon receipt of notice of termination for Cause, the Executive shall immediately cease performing and discharging the duties and responsibilities of the Executive s positions and remove the Executive s personal belongings from the Bank s premises. All rights and obligations accruing to the Executive under this Agreement shall cease at such termination, except that such termination shall not prejudice the Executive s rights regarding employment benefits which shall have accrued prior to such termination, and any other remedy which the Executive may have at law, in equity or under this Agreement, which remedy accrued prior to such termination.
 (d) Termination by Bank Without Cause . The Bank may, at its election and in its sole discretion, terminate the Executive s employment and this Agreement at any time and for any reason or for no reason, upon 30 days prior written notice to the Executive, without prejudice to any other remedy to which the Bank may be entitled either at law, in equity or under this Agreement. Unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Executive and the Bank upon the Executive s receipt of notice of termination without Cause, the Executive shall immediately cease performing and discharging the duties and responsibilities of the Executive s positions and remove the Executive s personal belongings from the Bank s premises. All rights and obligations accruing to the Executive under this Agreement shall cease at such termination, except that such termination 

 7 BN 70487409v1 

shall not prejudice the Executive s rights regarding employment benefits which shall have accrued prior to such termination, including the right to receive the severance benefits specified in Section 6.2(a) or 6.2(b) below, and any other remedy which the Executive may have at law, in equity or under this Agreement, which remedy accrued prior to such termination
 (e) Voluntary Termination by Executive . The Executive may terminate the Executive s employment and this Agreement at any time and for any reason or no reason, upon 30 days prior written notice to the Bank. Unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Executive and the Bank upon the Bank s receipt of notice of voluntary termination, the Executive shall immediately cease performing and discharging the duties and responsibilities of the Executive s positions and remove the Executive s personal belongings from the Bank s premises. All rights and obligations accruing to the Executive under this Agreement shall cease at such termination, except that such termination shall not prejudice the Executive s rights regarding employment benefits which shall have accrued prior to such termination and any other remedy which the Executive may have at law, in equity or under this Agreement, which remedy accrued prior to the date of such termination.
 6.2 Certain Benefits upon Termination.
 (a) Termination Without Cause . In the event this Agreement is terminated based on Section 6.1(d) (termination without cause) and upon execution of the Release Agreement by the Executive, then in such case, the Executive shall receive the Accrued Obligations on the Date of Termination, and severance benefits constituting of:
 (i) cash payment in the amount equal to one (1) times the sum of the Executive s (A) Base Salary and (B) the Average Annual Bonus, payable in a lump sum within 30 days following the Date of Termination, and
 (ii) continuation of group insurance coverage specified in Section 3.3(b) of this Agreement on terms at least equal to those if the Executive s employment had not been terminated, but not less favorable than that provided to other executives in comparable positions with the Bank, for a period of 12 months from the Date of Termination, including, continuation of medical coverage for the Executive and the Executive s dependents pursuant to The Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 COBRA ), or under applicable California law pursuant to Assembly Bill No. 1401 Cal COBRA ), with one hundred percent (100 of premiums for the insurance coverage payable by the Company or the Bank monthly to the Executive for a period of 12 months from the Date of Termination. After expiration of the 12 month period, the Executive and the Executive s dependents shall have such rights to continue to participate under the Company s or the Bank s group insurance coverage specified in Section 3.4(b) at the Executive s expense to the extent available under the terms of the plan or benefit. The Executive agrees to notify the Company or the Bank as soon as practicable, but not less than 10 business days in advance of the commencement of comparable insurance coverage with another employer. The Company s and Bank s obligation for the 12 month period specified herein with respect to the foregoing benefits shall be limited to the extent that the Executive obtains any such benefits pursuant to a subsequent employer s benefit plans, in which case the Company or the Bank may reduce the coverage of any benefits it is required to provide the Executive hereunder so long as the aggregate coverage and benefits of the combined benefit plans of the new 

 8 BN 70487409v1 

employer are not substantially less favorable to the Executive than the coverage and benefits required to be provided hereunder.
 Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement, if any part or all of the severance benefits is subject to taxation under Section 409A of the Code, as determined by the Company or the Bank, with the advice of its independent accounting firm or other tax advisors, then the severance benefits shall be subject to modification as set forth in Section 7 of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, when the Executive is entitled to the severance benefits provided in Section 6.2(b) , then Executive shall not be entitled to the severance benefits pursuant to this Section 6.2(a) . The Executive acknowledges and agrees that severance benefits pursuant to this Section 6.2(a) are in lieu of all damages, payments and liabilities on account of the early termination of this Agreement and are the sole and exclusive remedy for the Executive for a termination specified in Section 6.1(d) . (b) Termination and Change in Control . In the event of a Change in Control and at any time during the Change of Control Period (x) the Executive s employment is terminated, or (y) without Executive s written consent there occurs any material adverse change in the nature and scope of the Executive s position, responsibilities, duties, or a change in the Executive s location of employment outside the counties of Alameda, Contra Costa, Marin, San Francisco, San Mateo or Santa Clara, or any material reduction in Executive s compensation or benefits and Executive voluntarily terminates the Executive s employment and upon execution of the Release Agreement by the Executive, then the Executive shall receive the Accrued Obligations on the Date of Termination, and the severance benefits consisting of:
 (i) a cash payment in an amount equal to two (2) times the sum of the Executive s (A) Base Salary and (B) Average Bonus, payable in a lump sum within 30 days following the Date of Termination; and
 (ii) continuation of group insurance coverage specified in Section 3.3(b) of this Agreement on terms at least equal to those if the Executive s employment had not been terminated, but not less favorable than that provided to other executives in comparable positions with the Bank, for a period of 24 months from the Date of Termination, including continuation of medical coverage for the Executive and the Executive s dependents pursuant to Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 COBRA ), or under applicable California law pursuant to Assembly Bill No. 1401 Cal COBRA ), with one hundred percent (100 of premiums for the insurance coverage payable by the Company or the Bank monthly to the Executive for a period of 24 months from the Date of Termination. After such expiration of the 24 month period, the Executive and the Executive s dependents shall have such rights to continue to participate under the Bank s or the Company s group insurance coverage specified in Section 3.4(b) at the Executive s expense to the extent available under the terms of the plan or benefit. The Executive agrees to notify the Company or the Bank as soon as practicable, but not less than 10 business days in advance of the commencement of comparable insurance coverage with another insurance carrier. The Company s or the Bank s obligation for the 24 month period 

 9 BN 70487409v1 

specified herein with respect to the foregoing benefits shall be limited to the extent that the Executive obtains any such benefits pursuant to a subsequent employer s benefit plans, in which case the Company or the Bank may reduce the coverage of any benefits it is required to provide the Executive hereunder so long as the aggregate coverage and benefits of the combined benefit plans of the new employer are not substantially less favorable to the Executive than the coverage and benefits required to be provided hereunder.
 Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement, if any part or all of the severance benefits is subject to taxation under Section 409A of the Code, as determined by the Company or the Bank, with the advice of its independent accounting firm or other tax advisors, then the severance payment shall be subject to modification as set forth hereafter in Section 7 of this Agreement. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that severance benefits pursuant to this Section 6.2(b) are in lieu of all damages, payments and liabilities on account of the events described above for which such severance benefits may be due the Executive under Section 6.2(b) of this Agreement. This Section 6.2(b) shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Bank and the Company and their respective successors and assigns. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive shall not be entitled to receive severance benefits pursuant to this Section 6.2(b) in the event Executive s termination of employment results from an occurrence described in Sections 6.1(a) , 6.1(b) or 6.1(c) . (c) Death . If the Executive s employment terminates by reason of the Executive s death, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive s legal representatives under this Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and any incentive compensation for the year in which the death occurred prorated through the Date of Termination. Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the Executive s estate or beneficiary, as applicable, in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination; provided, however, that payment may be deferred until the Executive s executor or personal representative has been appointed and qualified pursuant to the laws in effect in the Executive s jurisdiction of residence at the time of the Executive s death. The Executive s estate and/or beneficiaries shall be entitled to receive, benefits at least equal to the most favorable benefits provided by the Company and the Bank to the estate and beneficiaries of other executives in comparable positions with the Company and the Bank under such plans, programs, practices and policies relating to death benefits, if any, as in effect on the date of the Executive s death.
 (d) Disability . If the Executive s employment terminates by reason of the Executive s Disability, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive under this Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations, and any incentive compensation for the year in which the termination occurs prorated through the Date of Termination and any benefits under such plans, programs, practices and policies relating to disability benefits, if any, as in effect on the Date of Termination.
 (e) Cause/Voluntary Termination . If the Executive s employment terminates for Cause, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive other than the obligation to pay to the Executive the Accrued Obligations. If the Executive s employment 

 10 BN 70487409v1 

terminates due to the Executive s voluntarily termination this Agreement, except as provided in clause (y) of the first paragraph of Section 6.2(b) , this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive other than the obligation to pay to the Executive the Accrued Obligations.
 (f) Single Trigger Event . The provisions for payments contained in this Section 6.2 may be triggered only once during the term of this Agreement, so that, for example, should the Executive be terminated without cause and should there thereafter be a Change of Control, then the Executive would be entitled to be paid only under Section 6.2(b) and not under Section 6.2(a) , as well. In addition, the Executive shall not be entitled to receive severance benefits of any kind from any parent, wholly owned subsidiary or other affiliated entity of the Company or the Bank if in connection with the same event or series of events the payments provided for in this Section 6.2 has been triggered.
 7. Section 409A Limitation . 
 (a) Section 409A . It is the intention of the Company, the Bank, and the Executive that the severance benefits payable to the Executive under Section 6.2 either be exempt from, or otherwise comply with, Section 409A Section 409A of the Code.
 Notwithstanding any other term or provision of this Agreement, to the extent that any provision of this Agreement is determined by the Company or the Bank, with the advice of its independent accounting firm or other tax advisors, to be subject to and not in compliance with Section 409A, including, without limitation, the definition of Change in Control or the timing of commencement and completion of severance benefits and/or other benefit payments to the Executive hereunder, or the amount of any such payments, such provisions shall be interpreted in the manner required to exempt the benefit from or to comply with Section 409A. The Company, the Bank and the Executive acknowledge and agree that such interpretation could, among other matters, (i) limit the circumstances or events that constitute a change in control; (ii) delay for a period of six months or more, or otherwise modify the commencement of severance and/or other benefit payments; (iii) modify the completion date of severance and/or (iv) other benefit payments and/or reduce the amount of the benefit otherwise provided. The Company, Bank and the Executive further acknowledge and agree that if, in the judgment of the Company or the Bank, with the advice of its independent accounting firm or other tax advisors, amendment of this Agreement is necessary to exempt the benefits from or to comply with Section 409A, the Company, the Bank, and the Executive will negotiate reasonably and in good faith to amend the terms of this Agreement to the extent necessary so that it exempts the benefits from or to comply with Section 409A (with the most limited possible economic effect on the Company, the Bank and the Executive). For example, if this Agreement is subject to Section 409A and Section 409A requires that severance and/or other benefit payments must be delayed until at least six months after the Executive terminates employment, then the Bank, the Company and the Executive shall delay payments and/or promptly seek a written amendment to this Agreement that would, if permissible under Section 409A, eliminate any such payments otherwise payable during the first six months following the Executive s termination of employment and substitute therefore a lump sum payment or an initial installment payment, as applicable, at the beginning of the 7th month following the Executive s termination of employment 
 11 BN 70487409v1 

which, in the case of an initial installment payment, would be equal in the aggregate to the amount of all such payments thus eliminated. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) the Executive and the Executive s dependents shall not be denied access to and participation in any health or medical insurance coverage and benefits, for any period of time the Executive and the Executive s dependents are otherwise eligible, and (b) the Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company or the Bank shall have the exclusive authority to determine whether the Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i). 8. Assignment . This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Bank and the Company and any of their respective successors and assigns. In view of the personal nature of the services to be performed under this Agreement by the Executive, the Executive will not have the right to assign or transfer any of the Executive s rights, obligations or benefits under this Agreement. The Company and the Bank will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company or the Bank to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company and the Bank be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, the Company or the Bank shall mean the Company or the Bank, as applicable, as hereinbefore defined and any successor to the Company s or Bank s business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise.
 9. Specific Performance . The Executive hereby represents and agrees that the services to be performed under the terms of this Agreement are of a special, unique, unusual, extraordinary, and intellectual character that gives them a peculiar value, the loss of which cannot be reasonably or adequately compensated in damages in an action at law. The Executive therefore expressly agrees that the Company and the Bank, in addition to any other rights or remedies that the Bank and the Company may possess, shall be entitled to injunctive and other equitable relief to prevent or remedy a breach of this Agreement by the Executive.
 10. Loyalty, Confidentiality and Non-Solicitation by the Executive .
 (a) Definitions . The term Trade Secrets shall be given its broadest possible interpretation and shall mean any information, including formulas, patterns, compilations, financial reports, customer records, marketing or financial programs, devices, methods, know-how, negative know-how, techniques, discoveries, ideas, concepts, designs, technical information, drawings, data, customer and supplier lists, information regarding customers, buyers and suppliers, distribution techniques, production processes, research and development projects, marketing plans, general financial information and financial information concerning customers, the Company s or the Bank s legal, business and financial structure and operations, and other confidential and proprietary information or processes which (i) derive independent economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to the public or to other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use and (ii) are the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy.
 The term Proprietary Information shall also be given its broadest possible interpretation and shall mean any and all information disclosed or made available by the Company 
 12 BN 70487409v1 

or the Bank to the Executive including, without limitation, any information upon which the Company s or the Bank s business or success depends. (b) The Executive shall not, during the term of this Agreement, directly or indirectly, either as an employee, employer, consultant, agent, principal, stockholder (except as permitted in Section 1.2 of this Agreement), officer, director, or in any other individual or representative capacity, engage or participate in any competitive banking or financial services business without the prior written consent of the Board of Directors of the Company or the Bank.
 (c) Following termination of this Agreement and the Executive s employment hereunder, the Executive shall not use any Trade Secret or Proprietary Information of the Bank or the Company or their affiliates and subsidiaries to solicit, directly, indirectly or in any manner whatsoever, (i) any employee of the Bank, the Company or their affiliates and subsidiaries (including any former employees who voluntarily terminated employment with the Bank or the Company within a 12 month period prior to the Executive s termination of employment) to resign or to apply for or accept employment with any other competitive banking or financial services business within the counties in California in which the Bank has located its headquarters or branch offices, or (ii) any customer, person or entity that has a business relationship with the Bank during the 12 month period prior to the Executive s termination of employment with the Bank, terminate such business relationship and engage in a business relationship with any other competitive banking or financial services business within the counties in California in which the Bank has located its headquarters or branch offices.
 11. Disclosure of Information . The Executive shall not, at any time or in any manner, directly or indirectly, either before or after termination of this Agreement, without the prior written consent of the Board of Directors of the Company or except as required by law to comply with legal process including, without limitation, by oral questions, interrogatories, requests for information or documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar process, use for the Executive s own benefit or the benefit of any other person or entity, or otherwise disclose or communicate to any person or entity including, without limitation, the media or by way of the World Wide Web, any information concerning any Trade Secret or Proprietary Information of the Company or the Bank. The Executive further recognizes and acknowledges that any Trade Secrets concerning any customers of the Company or the Bank and their respective affiliates and subsidiaries, as it may exist from time to time, is strictly confidential and is a valuable, special and unique asset of the Company s or the Bank s. In the event the Executive is required by law to disclose Trade Secrets or Proprietary Information, the Executive will provide the Company and the Bank, and their counsel with immediate notice of such request so that they may consider seeking a protective order. If, in the absence of a protective order or the receipt of a waiver hereunder, the Executive is nonetheless, in the written opinion of knowledgeable counsel, compelled to disclose Trade Secrets or Proprietary Information to any tribunal or any other party or else stand liable for contempt or suffer other material censure or material penalty, then the Executive may disclose (on an as needed basis only) such information to such tribunal or other party without liability hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive may disclose Trade Secrets or Proprietary Information as may be required by any regulatory agency having jurisdiction over the operations of the Company or the Bank in connection with an examination of the Company or the Bank or other proceeding conducted by such regulatory agency. Under the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 DTSA an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or 

 13 BN 70487409v1 

state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (A) is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition, the DTSA provides that an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney for the individual and the use of trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual (A) files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (B) does not disclosure the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.
 12. Written, Printed or Electronic Material . All written, printed or electronic material, notebooks and records including, without limitation, computer disks, cloud-based storage, Blackberry, iPhone, iPad (or similar devices), or lap top used by the Executive in performing duties for the Bank or the Company, other than the Executive s personal address lists, telephone lists, notes and diaries, are and shall remain the sole property of the Company and the Bank. Upon termination of employment, the Executive shall promptly return all such material (including all copies, extracts and summaries thereof) to the Bank.
 13. Miscellaneous .
 13.1 Notice . For the purposes of this Agreement, all notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers, and other communications hereunder (each, a Notice shall be in writing and addressed to the parties at the addresses set forth below (or to such other address that may be designated by the receiving party from time to time in accordance with this Section). All Notices shall be delivered by personal delivery, nationally recognized overnight courier (with all fees pre-paid), or email (with confirmation of transmission), or certified or registered mail (in each case, return receipt requested, postage pre-paid). Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, a Notice is effective only (a) upon receipt by the receiving party, and (b) if the party giving the Notice has complied with the requirements of this Section.
 Company: HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP 224 Airport Parkway San Jose, CA 95110 Attn: President and Chief Executive Officer Bank: HERITAGE BANK OF COMMERCE 224 Airport Parkway San Jose, CA 95110 Attn: President and Chief Executive Officer with a copy to: Buchalter , A Professional Corporation 1000 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 1500 Los Angeles, CA 90017-2457 Attn: Mark A. Bonenfant, Esq. 

 14 BN 70487409v1 

Executive: Jan Coonley 224 Airport Parkway San Jose, CA 95110 
 13.2 Amendments or Additions . No amendment, modification or additions to this Agreement shall be binding unless in writing and signed by the parties hereto.
 13.3 Section Headings . The section headings used in this Agreement are included solely for convenience and shall not affect, or be used in connection with, the interpretation of this Agreement.
 13.4 Severability . The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof.
 13.5 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but both of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.
 13.6 Mediation . Prior to engaging in any legal or equitable litigation or other dispute resolution process, regarding any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement between the parties, or concerning the subject matter of the Agreement between the parties, each party specifically agrees to engage in good faith, in a mediation process at the expense of the Bank or the Company, complying with the procedures provided for under California Evidence Code Sections 1115 through and including 1125, as then currently in effect. The parties further and specifically agree to use their best efforts to reach a mutually agreeable resolution of the matter. The parties understand and specifically agree that should any party to this Agreement refuse to participate in mediation for any reason, the other party will be entitled to seek a court order to enforce this provision in any court of appropriate jurisdiction requiring the dissenting party to attend, participate, and to make a good faith effort in the mediation process to reach a mutually agreeable resolution of the matter.
 13.7 Arbitration . To the extent not resolved through mediation as provided in Section 13.6 , all claims, disputes and other matters in question arising out of or relating to this Agreement, any termination of the Executive s employment, the enforcement or interpretation of this Agreement, or because of an alleged breach, default, or misrepresentation in connection with any of the provisions of this Agreement, including (without limitation) any state or federal statutory claims, shall be resolved by binding arbitration in Santa Clara County, California, before a sole arbitrator (the Arbitrator mutually selected by the parties from Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services JAMS in accordance with the rules and procedures of JAMS then in effect. If JAMS is no longer able to supply the arbitrator, such arbitrator shall be mutually selected from the American Arbitration Association AAA ). The obligation of the parties to arbitrate pursuant to this clause shall be specifically enforced in accordance with, and shall be conducted consistently with the provisions of Title 9 of Part 3 of the California Code of Civil Procedure as the exclusive remedy of such dispute; provided, however, that provisional injunctive relief may, but need not, be sought in a court of law while arbitration proceedings are pending, and any provisional injunctive relief granted by such court shall remain effective until the matter is finally determined 

 15 BN 70487409v1 

by the Arbitrator. Final resolution of any dispute through arbitration may include any remedy or relief that the Arbitrator deems just and equitable, including any and all remedies provided by applicable state or federal statutes. At the conclusion of the arbitration, the Arbitrator shall issue a written decision that sets forth the essential findings and conclusions upon which the Arbitrator s award or decision is based. Any award or relief granted by the Arbitrator hereunder shall be final and binding on the parties hereto and may be enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction.
 13.8 Attorney s Fees . In the event of litigation, arbitration or any other action or proceeding between the parties to interpret or enforce this Agreement, or any part thereof or relating to this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its costs related to such action or proceeding and its reasonable fees of attorneys, accountants and expert witnesses incurred by such party in connection with any such action or proceedings. The prevailing party shall be deemed to be the party which obtains substantially the relief sought by final resolution, compromise or settlement, or as may otherwise be determined by order of a court of competent jurisdiction in the event of litigation, an award or decision of an arbitrator in the event of arbitration.
 13.9 Entire Agreement . This Agreement supersedes any and all agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties with respect to the employment of the Executive by the Bank and contains all of the covenants and agreements between the parties with respect to the employment of the Executive by the Bank. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that no other representations, inducements, promises, or agreements, oral or otherwise, have been made by any party, or anyone acting on behalf of any party, which are not set forth herein, and that no other agreement, statement, or promise not contained in this Agreement shall be valid or binding on either party.
 13.10 Waiver . The failure of a party to insist on strict compliance with any of the terms, provisions, covenants, or conditions of this Agreement by another party shall not be deemed a waiver of any term, provision, covenant, or condition, individually or in the aggregate, unless such waiver is in writing, nor shall any waiver or relinquishment of any right or power at any one time or times be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of that right or power for all or any other times.
 13.11 Severability . If any provision in this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless continue in full force and effect without being impaired or invalidated in any way. Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force and effect to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable.
 13.12 Interpretation . This Agreement shall be construed without regard to the party responsible for the preparation of the Agreement and shall be deemed to have been prepared jointly by the parties. Any ambiguity or uncertainty existing in this Agreement shall not be interpreted against any party, but according to the application of other rules of contract interpretation, if an ambiguity or uncertainty exists.
 13.13 Governing Law and Venue . The laws of the State of California, other than those laws denominated choice of law rules, shall govern the validity, construction and effect of this Agreement. Any action which in any way involves the rights, duties and obligations of the parties 

 16 BN 70487409v1 

hereunder and is not resolved by binding arbitration shall be brought in the courts of the State of California and venue for any action or proceeding shall be in Santa Clara County or in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, and the parties hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction of said courts.
 13.14 Payments Due Deceased Executive . If the Executive dies prior to the expiration of the term of the Executive s employment (except termination resulting from such death), any payments that may be due the Executive from the Bank or the Company under this Agreement as of the date of death shall be paid to the Executive s heirs, beneficiaries, successors, permitted assigns or transferees, executors, administrators, trustees, or any other legal or personal representatives.
 13.15 Effect of Termination on Certain Provisions . Upon the termination of this Agreement, the obligations of the Bank, the Company and the Executive hereunder shall cease except to the extent of the Bank s or the Company s obligation to make payments, if any, to or for the benefit of the Executive following termination, and provided that this Section 13.15 and Sections 4 , 6.2 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 , and 13.1 through 13.14 shall remain in full force and effect.
 13.16 Advice of Counsel and Advisors . The Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive has read and understands the terms and provisions of this Agreement and prior to signing this Agreement, Executive has had the advice of counsel and/or such other advisors as Executive deemed appropriate in connection with the Executive s review and analysis of such terms and provisions of this Agreement.

 17 BN 70487409v1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has executed this Agreement on the date first indicated above. COMPANY HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP , a California bank holding company By: Walter Kaczmarek Walter Kaczmarek, President and Chief Executive Officer BANK HERITAGE BANK OF COMMERCE , a California banking corporation By: Walter Kaczmarek Walter Kaczmarek, Chief Executive Officer EXECUTIVE By: Jan Coonley Jan Coonley 
 18 BN 70487409v1 

Exhibit a RELEASE AGREEMENT This Release Agreement (the Release Agreement is entered into by and between ___________________ Employee ), on the one hand, and HERITAGE BANK OF COMMERCE, a California banking corporation (the Bank and HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP., a California bank holding company (the Company ), on the other hand. RECITALS A. Employee and the Bank entered into an Employment Agreement dated as of __________________, and any amendments thereto (the Employment Agreement ). B. Employee s employment with the Bank is terminated effective _____________ Termination Date ). C. A condition precedent to certain of the Bank s obligations under Section 6.2 (a) or Section 6.2(b), as applicable of the Employment Agreement is the execution of this Release Agreement by Employee. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties, intending to be legally bound, agree and covenant as follows: 
 A. General Release . 
 In consideration for the payments and benefits specified in Section 6.2(a) or Section 6.2(b), as applicable of the Employment Agreement, Employee agrees to unconditionally, irrevocably, and forever fully release, waive, and discharge the Bank and the Company, and each and all of their past, present, and future parent companies, subsidiaries, related entities, affiliates, predecessors, successors, assigns, officers, directors, managers, employees, members, shareholders, owners, representatives, attorneys, insurers, reinsurers, and agents (and the past, present, and future officers, directors, managers, employees, members, shareholders, owners, representatives, attorneys, insurers, reinsurers, and agents of any such parent companies, subsidiaries, related entities, affiliates, predecessors, successors, and assigns) (collectively the Released Parties from and against any and all claims, actions, causes of action, suits, demands, contracts, agreements, obligations, losses, compensation, wages, penalties, liabilities, rights, and damages of any kind or nature whatsoever, whether known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, which Employee ever had, now has or may claim to have against any or all of the Released Parties for, upon or by reason of any fact, matter, injury, incident, circumstance, cause or thing whatsoever, from the beginning of time up to and including the date of Employee s execution of this Release Agreement, including, without limitation, any claim or obligation arising from or in any way related to Employee s employment with the Bank or the Company, the termination of that employment, or an alleged breach of the Employment Agreement. 
 A-1 BN 70487409v1 

This General Release specifically includes, but is not limited to, any claim for discrimination or violation of any statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances, whether federal, state or local, including, but not limited to, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Reconstruction Era Civil Rights Act, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the California Labor Code, the California Business and Professions Code, the California constitution, and any claims at common law. Employee further knowingly and willingly agrees to waive the provisions and protections of Section 1542 of the California Civil Code, which reads: A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party. This General Release covers not only any and all claims by Employee against the Bank and the Company, and the other persons and entities released in this General Release, but, to the extent permitted by applicable law, it also covers any claim for damages or reinstatement asserted on Employee s behalf by any other person or entity, including, without limitation, any government agency, and Employee expressly waives the right to any such damages or reinstatement. This General Release does not include any claims that cannot lawfully be waived or released by Employee. 
 B. Revocation Period . Employee, the Bank and the Company acknowledge and agree that (i) Employee has twenty-one (21) days from Employee s receipt of this Release Agreement in which to consider its terms (including, without limitation, Employee s release and waiver of any and all claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act) before executing it, although Employee may execute this Release Agreement earlier if Employee chooses but not earlier than Employee s Termination Date ), (ii) Employee will have seven (7) days after Employee s execution of this Release Agreement in which to revoke this Release Agreement (including, without limitation, Employee s release and waiver of any and all claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act), in which event a written notice of revocation must be received by the Chief Executive Officer of the Bank before the expiration of this seven (7) day revocation period, and (iii) this Release Agreement will not become effective and enforceable until this seven (7) day period has expired without revocation by Employee.
 
 Employee and the Bank and the Company further acknowledge and agree that the payments and benefits specified in Section 6.2(a) or Section 6.2(b), as applicable of the Agreement will not be made, the Release Agreement will become null and void, unless and until each of the following four conditions are satisfied: (a) Employee executes the Release Agreement within twenty-one (21) days after receiving it, (b) Employee returns the executed Release Agreement to the Bank no later than five (5) working days after executing it, (c) the Release Agreement by its terms becomes effective and enforceable after the seven (7) day revocation period specified in the preceding paragraph has expired without revocation by Employee, and (d) Employee returns all materials (pursuant to Section 12 of the Employment Agreement) to the Bank no later than five (5) days after the Termination Date. 
 A-2 BN 70487409v1 

C. Representations By Employee . 
 Employee represents and agrees that, prior to Employee s execution of this Release Agreement, Employee has been informed by the Bank and the Company of Employee s right to consult with legal counsel regarding the terms of this Release Agreement, that Employee has had the opportunity to discuss the terms of this Release Agreement with legal counsel of Employee s choosing, and that the Bank and the Company by this writing is encouraging Employee to seek this advice of legal counsel. 
 D. Miscellaneous . 
 
 1. Entire Agreement . Except for the Employment Agreement, this Release Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between Employee and the Bank and the Company regarding the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. Each party to this Release Agreement acknowledges that no other representations, inducements, promises, or agreements, oral or otherwise, have been made by any party, or anyone acting on behalf of any party, which are not set forth herein, and that no other agreement, statement, or promise not contained in this Release Agreement shall be valid or binding on either party.
 2. Severability . If any provision in this Release Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless continue in full force and effect without being impaired or invalidated in any way. Any provision of this Release Agreement held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force and effect to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable.
 3. Attorneys Fees . In the event of litigation, arbitration or any other action or proceeding between the parties to interpret or enforce this Agreement, or any part thereof or relating to this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its costs related to such action or proceeding and its reasonable fees of attorneys, accountants and expert witnesses incurred by such party in connection with any such action or proceedings. The prevailing party shall be deemed to be the party which obtains substantially the relief sought by final resolution, compromise or settlement, or as may otherwise be determined by order of a court of competent jurisdiction in the event of litigation, an award or decision of an arbitrator in the event of arbitration.
 The undersigned agree to the terms of this Release Agreement and voluntarily enter into it with the intent to be bound hereby. EMPLOYEE: HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP. By: Name: Title: 

 A-3 BN 70487409v1 

HERITAGE BANK OF COMMERCE By: Name: Title: 
 A-4 BN 70487409v1 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 3
 htbk-20221231xex10d9.htm
 EX-10.9

Exhibit 10.9 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This Employment Agreement (the Agreement is entered into by and between HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP, a California bank holding company (the Company ), HERITAGE BANK OF COMMERCE, a California banking corporation (the Bank ), and DEBBIE REUTER, an individual (the Executive as of July 23, 2015 (the Effective Date ). RECITALS WHEREAS, the Company is a California corporation and a bank holding Company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, subject to the supervision and regulation of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; WHEREAS, the Company is the parent holding company for the Bank, which is a California banking association, subject to the supervision and regulation of the California Department of Business Oversight and the Federal Reserve Board; WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company and the Bank have approved and authorized the entry into this Agreement with the Executive; and WHEREAS, the parties desire to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions for the employment relationship of the Executive with the Company and Bank. AGREEMENT NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants and agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Company, the Bank and the Executive hereby agree as follows: 1. Employment .
 1.1 Title . The Executive is employed as an Executive Vice President and Corporate Secretary of the Company and the Bank. In this capacity, the Executive shall have such duties and responsibilities as may be designated to her by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Bank and in accordance with the objectives or policies of the Board of Directors of the Company and the Bank, from time to time, in connection with the business activities of the Company and the Bank.
 1.2 Devotion to Bank Business . The Executive shall devote her full business time, ability, and attention to the business of the Company and the Bank during the term of this Agreement and shall not during the term of this Agreement engage in any other business activities, duties, or pursuits whatsoever, or directly or indirectly render any services of a business, commercial, or professional nature to any other person or organization, whether for compensation or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the Board of Directors of the Company and the Bank. It shall not be a violation of this Agreement for the Executive to (a) serve on corporate, civic or charitable boards or committees, (b) deliver lectures, fulfill speaking engagements or teach at educational institutions and (c) manage personal investments, so long as such activities do not 

 1 BN 18639609v2 

significantly interfere with the performance of the Executive s responsibilities as an employee of the Company and the Bank in accordance with this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted to prohibit the Executive from making passive personal investments. However, the Executive shall not directly or indirectly acquire, hold, or retain any interest in any business competing with or similar in nature to the business of the Bank and the Company, except as permitted by the Company and the Bank policies or authorized by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
 1.3 Standard . The Executive will set a high standard of professional conduct given her role with the Company and the Bank and her responsibility relative to the Company and the Bank s presence and stature in the community. The Executive will, at all times, emulate this high professional standard of conduct in order to develop and enhance the Company s and the Bank s reputation and image. The Executive s and her family s eligibility and all other terms and conditions of the Executive s participation in the Bank s or the Company s benefit, insurance and disability plans and programs will be governed by the official plan documents which may change from year-to-year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at a minimum the Executive shall be entitled to the same benefits as all other executives in comparable positions with the Company and the Bank. The Executive will comply with all applicable rules, policies and procedures of the Company and the Bank and any of its subsidiaries and all pertinent regulatory standards as may affect the Company and the Bank.
 1.4 Location . The Executive shall provide services for the Company and the Bank at their principal executive offices located in San Jose, California. The Executive agrees that the Executive will be regularly present at the Company s and the Bank s principal executive offices and that the Executive may be required to travel from time to time in the course of performing the Executive s duties for the Company and the Bank.
 1.5 No Breach of Contract . The Executive hereby represents to the Company and the Bank that: (a) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Executive and the performance by the Executive of the Executive s duties hereunder shall not constitute a breach of, or otherwise contravene, the terms of any other agreement or policy to which the Executive is a party or by which she is otherwise bound; (b) that the Executive has no information (including, without limitation, confidential information or trade secrets) of any other person or entity which the Executive is not legally and contractually free to disclose to the Company and the Bank; and (c) that except as disclosed (and provided copies) the Executive is not bound by any confidentiality, trade secret or similar agreement (other than this Agreement) with any person or entity other than the Company and the Bank.
 2. Term . The term of this Agreement shall be a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date, subject to the termination provisions of Section 6 . Upon the occurrence of the first annual anniversary of the Effective Date, and on each anniversary date thereafter, the term of this Agreement shall be deemed automatically extended for an additional one (1) year term, subject to the termination provisions of Section 6 .

 2 BN 18639609v2 

3. Compensation .
 3.1 Salary . The Executive shall receive a salary at an annual rate of 204,299 which will be paid in accordance with the Company s and the Bank s normal payroll procedures including applicable adjustments for withholding taxes. The Executive shall receive such annual increases in salary, if any, as may be determined by the Company s Board of Directors annual review of the Executive s compensation each year during the term of this Agreement. Participation in deferred compensation, discretionary or performance bonus, retirement, stock option and other employee benefit plans and in fringe benefits shall not reduce the annual rate.
 3.2 Other Benefits . The Executive shall be entitled to those benefits adopted by the Bank and the Company for all officers of the Company and the Bank, subject to applicable qualification requirements and regulatory approval requirements, if any. To the extent that the level of such benefits is based on seniority or compensation levels, the Company and the Bank shall make appropriate and proportionate adjustments to the Executive s benefits. The Executive shall be further entitled to the following additional benefits which shall supplement or replace, to the extent duplicative of any part or all of the general officer benefits, the benefits otherwise provided to the Executive:
 (a) Vacation . The Executive shall be entitled to 22 paid vacation days for each calendar year (reduced pro rata for any partial year), of which at least 10 days (reduced pro rata for any partial year) must be taken consecutively. Vacation may be accrued in accordance with the Company s or the Bank s policy. The date or dates of vacation shall be determined by the Executive and the Company s Chief Executive Officer, and will be subject to the business requirements of the Company and the Bank.
 (b) Insurance . The Bank or the Company shall provide during the term of this Agreement at the Executive s cost group life, health (including medical, dental, vision and hospitalization), accident and disability insurance coverage for the Executive and her dependents through a policy or policies provided by the insurer(s) selected by the Bank in its sole discretion on the same basis as all other employees in comparable positions with the Bank.
 (c) 401(k) . The Company maintains a 401(k) plan for its eligible employees. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the official plan documents, the Executive will be eligible to participate in the 401(k) plan, and shall receive a matching contribution in accordance with the terms of the 401(k) plan from the Company.
 (d) Employee Stock Ownership Plan . The Executive will be eligible to participate in the Company s Employee Stock Ownership Plan ESOP ), subject to the terms and conditions of the ESOP.
 3.3 Business Expenses . The Executive shall be entitled to incur and be reimbursed for all reasonable business expenses. The Company or the Bank will reimburse the Executive for all such expenses upon the presentation by the Executive, from time to time, of an itemized account of such expenditures setting forth the date, the purposes for which incurred, and the amounts thereof, together with such receipts showing payments in conformity with the Company s and the Bank s established policies. Reimbursement shall be made within a reasonable period after the 

 3 BN 18639609v2 

Executive s submission of an itemized account in accordance with the Company s and the Bank s policies.
 4. Indemnity . The Bank and the Company shall indemnify and hold the Executive harmless from any cost, expense or liability arising out of or relating to any acts or decisions made by the Executive on behalf of or in the course of performing services for the Company and the Bank to the same extent the Bank and the Company indemnifies and holds harmless other executive officers and directors of the Company and the Bank and in accordance with the articles of incorporation, bylaws and established policies of the Company and the Bank.
 5. Certain Terms Defined . For purposes of this Agreement:
 5.1 Accrued Obligations means the sum of the Executive s Base Salary and accrued vacation through the Date of Termination to the extent not theretofore paid, outstanding expense reimbursements and any compensation previously deferred by the Executive to the extent not theretofore paid.
 5.2 Base Salary means, as of any Date of Termination of employment, the current annual salary of the Executive.
 5.3 Cause shall mean (a) the Executive willfully breaches or habitually neglects the duties which the Executive is required to perform under this Agreement; (b) the Executive commits an intentional act of moral turpitude that has a material detrimental effect on the reputation or business of the Bank or the Company; (c) the Executive is convicted of a felony or commits any material and actionable act of dishonesty, fraud, or intentional material misrepresentation in the performance of the Executive s duties under this Agreement; (d) the Executive engages in an unauthorized disclosure or use of inside information, trade secrets or other confidential information; or (e) the Executive willfully breaches a fiduciary duty, or violates any law, rule or regulation, which breach or violation results in a material adverse effect on the Company and the Bank (taken as a whole). If the Company or the Bank decides to terminate the Executive s employment for Cause, the Company or the Bank will provide the Executive with notice specifying the grounds for termination, accompanied by a brief written statement stating the relevant facts supporting such grounds.
 5.4 Change of Control shall mean, subject to the limitations of Section 409A of the Code, set forth in Section 7 of this Agreement, the earliest occurrence of one of the following events:
 (a) the acquisition (or acquisition during the 12 month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition) by any individual, entity, or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act (a Person of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 40 or more of either (i) the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Company (the Outstanding Company Common Stock or (ii) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors Outstanding Company Voting Securities provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (a) , the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control: (i) any 

 4 BN 18639609v2 

acquisition directly from the Company, (ii) any acquisition by the Company that reduces the number of shares issued and outstanding through a stock repurchase program or otherwise, (iii) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or the Bank or any corporation controlled by the Company or the Bank or (iv) any acquisition by any corporation pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (i) , (ii) and (iii) of subsection (c) of this Section 5.4 ; or
 (b) individuals who, as of the Effective Date, constitute the Board of Directors of the Company (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason other than resignation, death or disability to constitute at least a majority of the Company s Board of Directors during any 12 month period; provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the Effective Date whose election, or nomination for election by the Company s shareholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Company s Board of Directors; or
 (c) consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Company or the Bank, or sale or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of any assets of the Bank or the Company having a total fair market value equal to, or more than, 40 of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Bank or the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions (a Business Combination ), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination, (i) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Common Stock and Outstanding Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns all or substantially all of the Company s or Bank s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination of the Outstanding Common Stock and Outstanding Voting Securities, as the case may be, (ii) no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or the Bank or such corporation resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 20 or more of, respectively, of the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination, and (iii) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Company s Board of Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Company s Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination; or
 (d) approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company.

 5 BN 18639609v2 

5.5 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and any successor provisions to such sections.
 5.6 Change of Control Period shall mean the period of time (a) commencing on the earlier of (i) 120 days before the date the Change of Control occurs, or if earlier, 120 days before a definitive agreement is executed by the Company or the Bank for a transaction described in Section 5.4(c) (provided, however, that in the event of this subsection (a)(i) the Executive reasonably demonstrates that her termination of employment should it occur was either (x) at the request of a third party who has taken steps reasonably calculated to effect a change in control, or (y) otherwise arose in connection with a Change in Control), or (ii) the date the Change of Control occurs, and (b) ending on the last day of the 24th calendar month immediately following the month the Change of Control occurred.
 5.7 Date of Termination means (a) if the Executive s employment is terminated due to the Executive s death, the Date of Termination shall be the date of death; (b) if the Executive s employment is terminated due to Disability, the Date of Termination is the Disability Effective Date; (c) if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company or the Bank for Cause, the Date of Termination is the date on which the Company or the Bank gives notice to the Executive of such termination; (d) if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company or the Bank without Cause or voluntarily by the Executive, the Date of Termination shall be the date specified in the notice of termination; and (e) if the Executive s employment terminates for any other reason, the Date of Termination shall be the Executive s final date of employment.
 5.8 Disability shall mean a physical or mental condition of the Executive which occurs and persists and which, in the written opinion of a physician selected by the Company or the Bank or their insurers and acceptable to the Executive or the Executive s legal representative, and, in the written opinion of such physician, the condition will render the Executive unable to return to her duties for an indefinite period of not less than 180 days.
 5.9 Average Annual Bonus shall mean the average bonus or incentive compensation amount paid to (or earned by) the Executive during the three (3) fiscal years immediately preceding the termination.
 6. Termination .
 6.1 This Agreement may be terminated for the following reasons:
 (a) Death . This Agreement shall terminate automatically upon the Executive s death.
 (b) Disability . In the event of the Executive s Disability, the Company or the Bank may give the Executive a notice of termination. In such event, the Executive s employment with the Company and the Bank and this Agreement shall terminate without further act of the parties effective on the 30th day after receipt of such notice by the Executive (the Disability Effective Date provided, however, that within the 30 days after such receipt, the Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of the Executive duties. Unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Executive and the Company and the Bank, the Executive shall immediately cease performing and discharging the duties and responsibilities of her positions and remove 

 6 BN 18639609v2 

herself and her personal belongings from the Company s and the Bank s premises. All rights and obligations accruing to the Executive under this Agreement shall cease at such termination, except that such termination shall not prejudice the Executive s rights regarding employment benefits which shall have accrued prior to such termination, and any other remedy which the Executive may have at law, in equity or under this Agreement, which remedy accrued prior to such termination.
 (c) Cause . The Bank or the Company may terminate the Executive s employment and this Agreement for Cause. Unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Executive and the Bank and the Company, the Executive shall immediately cease performing and discharging the duties and responsibilities of her positions and remove herself and her personal belongings from the Bank s and Company s premises. All rights and obligations accruing to the Executive under this Agreement shall cease at such termination, except that such termination shall not prejudice the Executive s rights regarding employment benefits which shall have accrued prior to such termination, and any other remedy which the Executive may have at law, in equity or under this Agreement, which remedy accrued prior to such termination.
 (d) Termination by Bank or the Company Without Cause . Subject to the last sentence of this Section 6.1(d) , the Bank or the Company may, at its election and in its sole discretion, terminate the Executive s employment and this Agreement at any time and for any reason or for no reason, upon 30 days prior written notice to the Executive, without prejudice to any other remedy to which the Bank or the Company may be entitled either at law, in equity or under this Agreement. Unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Executive, the Bank and the Company, the Executive shall immediately cease performing and discharging the duties and responsibilities of her positions and remove herself and her personal belongings from the Company s and the Bank s premises. All rights and obligations accruing to the Executive under this Agreement shall cease at such termination, except that such termination shall not prejudice the Executive s rights regarding employment benefits which shall have accrued prior to such termination, including the right to receive the severance benefits specified in Section 6.2(a) or 6.2(b) below, and any other remedy which the Executive may have at law, in equity or under this Agreement, which remedy accrued prior to such termination. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Company terminates the Executive, but the Executive remains an employee of the Bank, termination by the Company shall not be deemed a termination without cause for purposes of Section 6.2(a) or constitute a termination of this Agreement.
 (e) Voluntary Termination by Executive . The Executive may terminate her employment and this Agreement at any time and for any reason or no reason, upon 30 days prior written notice to the Bank and the Company. Unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Executive, the Bank and the Company, the Executive shall immediately cease performing and discharging the duties and responsibilities of her positions and remove herself and her personal belongings from the Company s and the Bank s premises. All rights and obligations accruing to the Executive under this Agreement shall cease at such termination, except that such termination shall not prejudice the Executive s rights regarding employment benefits which shall have accrued prior to such termination and any other remedy which the Executive may have at law, in equity or under this Agreement, which remedy accrued prior to such termination.

 7 BN 18639609v2 

6.2 Certain Benefits upon Termination .
 (a) Termination Without Cause . In the event this Agreement is terminated based on Section 6.1(d) (termination without cause), then in such case, the Executive shall receive the Accrued Obligations on the Date of Termination, and severance benefits constituting of:
 (i) cash payment in the amount equal to one (1) times the sum of the Executive s (A) Base Salary and (B) Average Annual Bonus, payable in a lump sum within 30 days of the Date of Termination, and
 (ii) continuation of group insurance coverages specified in Section 3.2(b) of this Agreement on terms at least equal to those if the Executive s employment had not been terminated, but not less favorable than that provided to other executives in comparable positions with the Bank, for a period of 12 months from the Date of Termination, including, continuation of medical coverage for the Executive and her dependents pursuant to The Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 COBRA ), or under applicable California law pursuant to Assembly Bill No. 1401 Cal COBRA ), with one hundred percent (100 of premiums for the insurance coverages payable by the Bank or the Company monthly to the Executive for a period of 12 months from the Date of Termination. After expiration of the 12 month period, the Executive and her dependents shall have such rights to continue to participate under the Bank s or the Company s group insurance coverages specified in Section 3.2(b) of this Agreement at the Executive s expense to the extent available under the terms of the plan or benefit. The Executive agrees to notify the Bank or the Company as soon as practicable, but not less than 10 business days in advance of the commencement of comparable insurance coverages with another employer. The Company s and Bank s obligation for the 12 month period specified herein with respect to the foregoing benefits shall be limited to the extent that the Executive obtains any such benefits pursuant to a subsequent employer s benefit plans, in which case the Company or the Bank may reduce the coverage of any benefits it is required to provide the Executive hereunder so long as the aggregate coverages and benefits of the combined benefit plans of the new employer are not substantially less favorable to the Executive than the coverages and benefits required to be provided hereunder.
 Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement, if any part or all of the severance benefits is subject to taxation under Section 409A of the Code, as determined by the Bank or the Company, with the advice of its independent accounting firm or other tax advisors, then the severance benefits shall be subject to modification as set forth in Section 7 of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, when the Executive is entitled to the severance benefits provided in Section 6.2(b) , then Executive shall not be entitled to the severance benefits pursuant to this Section 6.2(a) . The Executive acknowledges and agrees that severance benefits pursuant to this Section 6.2(a) are in lieu of all damages, payments and liabilities on account of the early termination of this Agreement and are the sole and exclusive remedy for the Executive for a termination specified in Section 6.1(d) . 
 8 BN 18639609v2 

(b) Termination and Change in Control . In the event of a Change in Control and at any time during the Change of Control Period (x) the Executive s employment is terminated, or (y) without Executive s written consent there occurs any material adverse change in the nature and scope of the Executive s position, responsibilities, duties, or a change of 30 miles or more in the Executive s location of employment, or any material reduction in Executive s compensation or benefits and Executive voluntarily terminates her employment, then the Executive shall receive the Accrued Obligations on the Date of Termination, and the severance benefits consisting of:
 (i) a cash payment in an amount equal to two (2) times the sum of the Executive s (A) Base Salary and (B) Average Annual Bonus, payable in a lump sum within 30 days following such termination; and
 (ii) continuation of group insurance coverages specified in Section 3.2(b) of this Agreement on terms at least equal to those if the Executive s employment had not been terminated, but not less favorable than that provided to other executives in comparable positions with the Bank or the Company, for a period of 24 months from the Date of Termination, including continuation of medical coverage for the Executive and her dependents pursuant to Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 COBRA ), or under applicable California law pursuant to Assembly Bill No. 1401 Cal COBRA ), with one hundred percent (100 of premiums for the insurance coverages payable by the Bank or the Company monthly to the Executive for a period of 24 months from the Date of Termination. After such expiration of the 24 month period, the Executive and her dependents shall have such rights to continue to participate under the Bank s or the Company s group insurance coverages specified in Section 3.2(b) of this Agreement at the Executive s expense to the extent available under the terms of the plan or benefit. The Executive agrees to notify the Bank or the Company as soon as practicable, but not less than 10 business days in advance of the commencement of comparable insurance coverages with another insurance carrier. The Bank s or the Company s obligation for the 24 month period specified herein with respect to the foregoing benefits shall be limited to the extent that the Executive obtains any such benefits pursuant to a subsequent employer s benefit plans, in which case the Bank or the Company may reduce the coverage of any benefits it is required to provide the Executive hereunder so long as the aggregate coverages and benefits of the combined benefit plans of the new employer are not substantially less favorable to the Executive than the coverages and benefits required to be provided hereunder.
 Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement, if any part or all of the severance benefits is subject to taxation under Section 409A of the Code, as determined by the Bank or the Company, with the advice of its independent accounting firm or other tax advisors, then the severance payment shall be subject to modification as set forth hereafter in Section 7 of this Agreement. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that severance benefits pursuant to this Section 6.2(b) are in lieu of all damages, payments and liabilities on account of the events described above for which such severance benefits may be due the Executive under Section 6.2(b) of this Agreement. This Section 6.2(b) shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Bank and the Company and their respective successors and assigns. 
 9 BN 18639609v2 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive shall not be entitled to receive severance benefits pursuant to this Section 6.2(b) in the event her termination of employment results from an occurrence described in Sections 6.1(a) , 6.1(b) or 6.1(c) . (c) Death . If the Executive s employment terminates by reason of the Executive s death, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive s legal representatives under this Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and any incentive compensation for the year in which the death occurred prorated through the Date of Termination. Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the Executive s estate or beneficiary, as applicable, in a lump sum in cash within 30 days of the Date of Termination; provided, however, that payment may be deferred until the Executive s executor or personal representative has been appointed and qualified pursuant to the laws in effect in the Executive s jurisdiction of residence at the time of the Executive s death. The Executive s estate and/or beneficiaries shall be entitled to receive, benefits at least equal to the most favorable benefits provided by the Company and the Bank to the estate and beneficiaries of other executives in comparable positions with the Company and the Bank under such plans, programs, practices and policies relating to death benefits, if any, as in effect on the date of the Executive s death.
 (d) Disability . If the Executive s employment terminates during the Term by reason of the Executive s Disability, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive under this Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations, and any incentive compensation for the year in which the termination occurs prorated through the Date of Termination and any benefits under such plans, programs, practices and policies relating to disability benefits, if any, as in effect on the Date of Termination.
 (e) Cause/Voluntary Termination . If the Executive s employment terminates for Cause, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive other than the obligation to pay to the Executive the Accrued Obligations. If the Executive s employment terminates due to the Executive s voluntarily termination this Agreement, except as provided in clause (y) of the first paragraph of Section 6.2(b) , this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive other than the obligation to pay to the Executive the Accrued Obligations.
 (f) Single Trigger Event . The provisions for payments contained in this Section 6.2 may be triggered only once during the term of this Agreement, so that, for example, should the Executive be terminated because of a Disability and should there thereafter be a Change of Control, then the Executive would be entitled to be paid only under Section 6.2(d) and not under Section 6.2(b) , as well. In addition, the Executive shall not be entitled to receive severance benefits of any kind from any parent, wholly owned subsidiary or other affiliated entity of the Bank or the Company if in connection with the same event of series of events the payments provided for in this Section 6.2 has been triggered.
 7. Section 409A Limitation . It is the intention of the Bank, the Company and the Executive that the severance benefits payable to the Executive under Section 6.2 either be exempt from, or otherwise comply with, Section 409A Section 409A of the Code.

 10 BN 18639609v2 

Notwithstanding any other term or provision of this Agreement, to the extent that any provision of this Agreement is determined by the Bank or the Company, with the advice of its independent accounting firm or other tax advisors, to be subject to and not in compliance with Section 409A, including, without limitation, the definition of Change in Control or the timing of commencement and completion of severance benefits and/or other benefit payments to the Executive hereunder, or the amount of any such payments, such provisions shall be interpreted in the manner required to exempt the benefit from or to comply with Section 409A. The Company, the Bank and the Executive acknowledge and agree that such interpretation could, among other matters, (i) limit the circumstances or events that constitute a change in control; (ii) delay for a period of 6 months or more, or otherwise modify the commencement of severance and/or other benefit payments; (iii) modify the completion date of severance and/or (iv) other benefit payments and/or reduce the amount of the benefit otherwise provided. The Company, Bank and the Executive further acknowledge and agree that if, in the judgment of the Bank or the Company, with the advice of its independent accounting firm or other tax advisors, amendment of this Agreement is necessary to exempt the benefits from or to comply with Section 409A, the Bank, the Company and the Executive will negotiate reasonably and in good faith to amend the terms of this Agreement to the extent necessary so that it exempts the benefits from or to comply with Section 409A (with the most limited possible economic effect on the Bank, the Company and the Executive). For example, if this Agreement is subject to Section 409A and Section 409A requires that severance and/or other benefit payments must be delayed until at least 6 months after the Executive terminates employment, then the Bank, the Company and the Executive shall delay payments and/or promptly seek a written amendment to this Agreement that would, if permissible under Section 409A, eliminate any such payments otherwise payable during the first 6 months following the Executive s termination of employment and substitute therefore a lump sum payment or an initial installment payment, as applicable, at the beginning of the 7th month following the Executive s termination of employment which, in the case of an initial installment payment, would be equal in the aggregate to the amount of all such payments thus eliminated. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) the Executive and her dependents shall not be denied access to and participation in any health or medical insurance coverage and benefits, for any period of time the Executive and her dependents are otherwise eligible, and (b) the Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company or the Bank shall have the exclusive authority to determine whether the Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i). 8. Assignment . This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Bank and the Company and any of their respective successors and assigns. In view of the personal nature of the services to be performed under this Agreement by the Executive, the Executive will not have the right to assign or transfer any of her rights, obligations or benefits under this Agreement. The Bank and the Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Bank or the Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Bank and the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, Bank or the Company shall mean the Bank or the Company, as applicable, as hereinbefore defined and any successor to the Company s or Bank s business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise.

 11 BN 18639609v2 

9. Specific Performance . The Executive hereby represents and agrees that the services to be performed under the terms of this Agreement are of a special, unique, unusual, extraordinary, and intellectual character that gives them a peculiar value, the loss of which cannot be reasonably or adequately compensated in damages in an action at law. The Executive therefore expressly agrees that the Bank and the Company, in addition to any other rights or remedies that the Bank and the Company may possess, shall be entitled to injunctive and other equitable relief to prevent or remedy a breach of this Agreement by the Executive.
 10. Noncompetition, No Solicitation and Nondisclosure by the Executive .
 (a) Definitions . The term Trade Secrets shall be given its broadest possible interpretation and shall mean any information, including formulas, patterns, compilations, reports, records, programs, devices, methods, know-how, negative know-how, techniques, raw material properties and specifications, formulations, discoveries, ideas, concepts, designs, technical information, drawings, data, customer and supplier lists, information regarding customers, buyers and suppliers, distribution techniques, production processes, research and development projects, marketing plans, general financial information and financial information concerning customers, the Company s or the Bank s legal, business and financial structure and operations, and other confidential and proprietary information or processes which (i) derive independent economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to the public or to other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use and (ii) are the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy.
 The term Proprietary Information shall also be given its broadest possible interpretation and shall mean any and all information disclosed or made available by the Company or the Bank to the Executive including, without limitation, any information which is not publicly known or available and upon which the Company s or the Bank s business or success depends. (b) The Executive shall not, during the term of this Agreement, directly or indirectly, either as an employee, employer, consultant, agent, principal, stockholder (except as permitted in Section 1.2 of this Agreement), officer, director, or in any other individual or representative capacity, engage or participate in any competitive banking or financial services business without the prior written consent of the Board of Directors of the Bank or the Company.
 (c) Following termination of this Agreement and the Executive s employment hereunder, the Executive shall not use any Trade Secret or Proprietary Information of the Bank or the Company or their affiliates and subsidiaries to solicit, encourage or assist, directly, indirectly or in any manner whatsoever, (i) any employees of the Bank, the Company or their affiliates and subsidiaries (including any former employees who voluntarily terminated employment with the Bank or the Company within a 12 month period prior to the Executive s termination of employment) to resign or to apply for or accept employment with any other competitive banking or financial services business within the counties in California in which the Bank has located its headquarters or branch offices; or (ii) any customer, person or entity that has a business relationship with the Bank during the 12 month period prior to the Executive s termination of employment with the Bank, or was engaged in a business relationship with the Bank, to terminate such business relationship and engage in a business relationship with any other competitive 

 12 BN 18639609v2 

banking or financial services business within the counties in California in which the Bank has located its headquarters or branch offices.
 (d) In addition and not as any limitation on the provisions of this Section 10 , following termination of this Agreement and the Executive s employment hereunder and for 12 months thereafter, the Executive shall not directly or indirectly, individually or as a consultant to, or as an employee, officer, stockholder, director or other owner of or participant in any business entity that engages in or seeks to engage in any banking or financial services business, solicit (or assist in soliciting) any person who is, or at any time within 1 month prior to the Executive s termination of employment was, an employee of the Company or the Bank who earned 25,000 on an annual rate or more as an employee of the Company or the Bank to work for (as an employee, consultant or otherwise) any business, individual, partnership, firm, corporation, or other entity whether or not engaged in competitive business with the Bank or the Company.
 11. Disclosure of Information . The Executive shall not, at any time or in any manner, directly or indirectly, either before or after termination of this Agreement, without the prior written consent of the Board of Directors of the Company or except as required by law to comply with legal process including, without limitation, by oral questions, interrogatories, requests for information or documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand or similar process, use for her own benefit or the benefit of any other person or entity, or otherwise disclose or communicate to any person or entity including, without limitation, the media or by way of the World Wide Web, any information concerning any Trade Secret or Proprietary Information of the Company or the Bank. The Executive further recognizes and acknowledges that any Trade Secrets concerning any customers of the Bank or the Company and their respective affiliates and subsidiaries, as it may exist from time to time, is strictly confidential and is a valuable, special and unique asset of the Bank s and the Company s business. In the event the Executive is required by law to disclose Trade Secrets or Proprietary Information, the Executive will provide the Bank and the Company, and their counsel with immediate notice of such request so that they may consider seeking a protective order. If, in the absence of a protective order or the receipt of a waiver hereunder, the Executive is nonetheless, in the written opinion of knowledgeable counsel, compelled to disclose Trade Secrets or Proprietary Information to any tribunal or any other party or else stand liable for contempt or suffer other material censure or material penalty, then the Executive may disclose (on an as needed basis only) such information to such tribunal or other party without liability hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive may disclose Trade Secrets or Proprietary Information as may be required by any regulatory agency having jurisdiction over the operations of the Bank or the Company in connection with an examination of the Bank or the Company or other proceeding conducted by such regulatory agency.
 12. Written, Printed or Electronic Material . All written, printed or electronic material, notebooks and records including, without limitation, computer disks, I-Pads, tablets, Blackberry (or similar devices or so-called smart phones ), or lap top used by the Executive in performing duties for the Bank or the Company, other than the Executive s personal address lists, telephone lists, notes and diaries, are and shall remain the sole property of the Bank and the Company. Upon termination of employment, the Executive shall promptly return all such material (including all copies, extracts and summaries thereof) to the Bank.

 13 BN 18639609v2 

13. Miscellaneous .
 13.1 Notice . For the purpose of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or 3 days after the date of mailing by United States mail, certified or registered, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the respective addresses set forth below, or to such other addresses as either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notice of a change of address shall be effective only upon actual receipt:
 Company: HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP 150 Almaden Blvd. San Jose, CA 95113 Attn: Chief Executive Officer Bank: HERITAGE BANK OF COMMERCE 150 Almaden Blvd. San Jose, CA 95113 Attn: President with a copy to: Buchalter Nemer 1000 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 1500 Los Angeles, CA 90017-2457 Attn: Mark A. Bonenfant, Esq. Executive: Debbie Reuter 150 Almaden Boulevard San Jose, CA 95113 13.2 Amendments or Additions . No amendment, modification or additions to this Agreement shall be binding unless in writing and signed by the parties hereto.
 13.3 Section Headings . The section headings used in this Agreement are included solely for convenience and shall not affect, or be used in connection with, the interpretation of this Agreement.
 13.4 Severability . The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof.
 13.5 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but both of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.
 13.6 Mediation . Prior to engaging in any legal or equitable litigation or other dispute resolution process, regarding any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement between the parties, or concerning the subject matter of the Agreement between the parties, each party 

 14 BN 18639609v2 

specifically agrees to engage in good faith, in a mediation process at the expense of the Bank or the Company, complying with the procedures provided for under California Evidence Code Sections 1115 through and including 1125, as then currently in effect. The parties further and specifically agree to use their best efforts to reach a mutually agreeable resolution of the matter. The parties understand and specifically agree that should any party to this Agreement refuse to participate in mediation for any reason, the other party will be entitled to seek a court order to enforce this provision in any court of appropriate jurisdiction requiring the dissenting party to attend, participate, and to make a good faith effort in the mediation process to reach a mutually agreeable resolution of the matter.
 13.7 Arbitration . To the extent not resolved through mediation as provided in Section 13.6 , all claims, disputes and other matters in question arising out of or relating to this Agreement, any termination of the Executive s employment, the enforcement or interpretation of this Agreement, or because of an alleged breach, default, or misrepresentation in connection with any of the provisions of this Agreement, including (without limitation) any state or federal statutory claims, shall be resolved by binding arbitration in Santa Clara County, California, before a sole arbitrator (the Arbitrator mutually selected by the parties from Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services JAMS in accordance with the rules and procedures of JAMS then in effect. If JAMS is no longer able to supply the arbitrator, such arbitrator shall be mutually selected from the American Arbitration Association AAA ). The obligation of the parties to arbitrate pursuant to this clause shall be specifically enforced in accordance with, and shall be conducted consistently with the provisions of Title 9 of Part 3 of the California Code of Civil Procedure as the exclusive remedy of such dispute; provided, however, that provisional injunctive relief may, but need not, be sought in a court of law while arbitration proceedings are pending, and any provisional injunctive relief granted by such court shall remain effective until the matter is finally determined by the Arbitrator. Final resolution of any dispute through arbitration may include any remedy or relief that the Arbitrator deems just and equitable, including any and all remedies provided by applicable state or federal statutes. At the conclusion of the arbitration, the Arbitrator shall issue a written decision that sets forth the essential findings and conclusions upon which the Arbitrator s award or decision is based. Any award or relief granted by the Arbitrator hereunder shall be final and binding on the parties hereto and may be enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction.
 13.8 Attorneys Fees . In the event of litigation, arbitration or any other action or proceeding between the parties to interpret or enforce this Agreement, or any part thereof or relating to this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its costs related to such action or proceeding and its reasonable fees of attorneys, accountants and expert witnesses incurred by such party in connection with any such action or proceedings. The prevailing party shall be deemed to be the party which obtains substantially the relief sought by final resolution, compromise or settlement, or as may otherwise be determined by order of a court of competent jurisdiction in the event of litigation, an award or decision of an arbitrator in the event of arbitration.
 13.9 Entire Agreement . This Agreement supersedes any and all agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties with respect to the employment of the Executive by the Company and the Bank and contains all of the covenants and agreements between the parties with respect to the employment of the Executive by the Company and the Bank. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that no other representations, inducements, promises, or agreements, oral or 

 15 BN 18639609v2 

otherwise, have been made by any party, or anyone acting on behalf of any party, which are not set forth herein, and that no other agreement, statement, or promise not contained in this Agreement shall be valid or binding on either party.
 13.10 Waiver . The failure of a party to insist on strict compliance with any of the terms, provisions, covenants, or conditions of this Agreement by another party shall not be deemed a waiver of any term, provision, covenant, or condition, individually or in the aggregate, unless such waiver is in writing, nor shall any waiver or relinquishment of any right or power at any one time or times be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of that right or power for all or any other times.
 13.11 Severability . If any provision in this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless continue in full force and effect without being impaired or invalidated in any way. Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force and effect to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable.
 13.12 Interpretation . This Agreement shall be construed without regard to the party responsible for the preparation of the Agreement and shall be deemed to have been prepared jointly by the parties. Any ambiguity or uncertainty existing in this Agreement shall not be interpreted against any party, but according to the application of other rules of contract interpretation, if an ambiguity or uncertainty exists.
 13.13 Governing Law and Venue . The laws of the State of California, other than those laws denominated choice of law rules, shall govern the validity, construction and effect of this Agreement. Any action which in any way involves the rights, duties and obligations of the parties hereunder and is not resolved by binding arbitration shall be brought in the courts of the State of California and venue for any action or proceeding shall be in Santa Clara County or in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, and the parties hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction of said courts.
 13.14 Payments Due Deceased Executive . If the Executive dies prior to the expiration of the term of her employment (except termination resulting from such death), any payments that may be due the Executive from the Bank or the Company under this Agreement as of the date of death shall be paid to the Executive s heirs, beneficiaries, successors, permitted assigns or transferees, executors, administrators, trustees, or any other legal or personal representatives.
 13.15 Effect of Termination on Certain Provisions . Upon the termination of this Agreement, the obligations of the Bank, the Company and the Executive hereunder shall cease except to the extent of the Bank s or the Company s obligation to make payments, if any, to or for the benefit of the Executive following termination, and provided that this Section 13.15 and Sections 4 , 6.2 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 , 13.1 , 13.3 , 13.4 , 13.6 , 13.7 , 13.8 , 13.9 , 13.10 , 13.11 , 13.12 , 13.13 and 13.14 shall remain in full force and effect.
 13.16 Advice of Counsel and Advisors . The Executive acknowledges and agrees that she has read and understands the terms and provisions of this Agreement and prior to signing this Agreement, she has had the advice of counsel and/or such other advisors as she deemed appropriate in connection with her review and analysis of such terms and provisions of this Agreement.

 16 BN 18639609v2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has executed this Agreement on the date first indicated above. COMPANY HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP , a California bank holding company By: Walter Kacxmarek Walter Kaczmarek, Chief Executive Officer BANK HERITAGE BANK OF COMMERCE , a California banking corporation By: Walter Kaczmarek Walter Kaczmarek, President EXECUTIVE By: Debbie Reuter Debbie Reuter 
 17 BN 18639609v2 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.17>
 4
 htbk-20221231xex10d17.htm
 EX-10.17

Exhibit 10.17 HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP NOTICE OF GRANT AND RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (SERVICE-BASED) Participant has been granted the number of Restricted Stock Units RSUs with respect to the number of shares of common stock, no par value , Common Stock of Heritage Commerce Corp (the Company ), as set forth below Common Shares as set forth below, subject to the terms and conditions of the Heritage Commerce Corp 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Plan ), and this Notice of Grant and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Service-Based) including the attachments hereto. Unless otherwise defined in the Notice and Agreement, terms with initial capital letters shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan. Name of Participant: Number of RSUs: Number of Common Shares subject to RSUs: Grant Date: Vesting Date: One-third of the RSUs shall vest on each anniversary of the Grant Date, subject to Sections 4(a) and (b) below. 
 By acknowledging below, Participant accepts this grant of RSUs and hereby represents that he or she: (i) agrees to the terms and conditions of this Notice and Agreement and the Plan; (ii) has reviewed the Plan, the Plan Prospectus and this Notice and Agreement in their entirety, and has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of legal counsel and/or tax advisor with respect thereto; (iii) fully understands and accepts all provisions hereof; (iv) agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all of the Company s decisions regarding, and all interpretations of, the Plan and the Notice and Agreement; and (v) agrees to notify the Company upon any change in his or her home address indicated below. 
 BN 73132485v1 1 

HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP PARTICIPANT: By: By: Print Name Print Name Title: Title: Date: Date: 
 ATTACHMENTS : 2013 Equity Incentive Plan; Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Service-Based); Plan Prospectus 
 BN 73132485v1 2 

HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP 2013 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (SERVICE-BASED) 1. Grant of Service-Based Restricted Stock Units . The Company has granted to the Participant Restricted Stock Units RSUs with respect to the number of Common Shares specified in the Notice of Grant on the preceding page Notice of Grant ), subject to the following terms and conditions. Each RSU that vests pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall provide Participant with the right to receive one share of Common Stock subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Participant shall not be considered a shareholder of record and shall have no voting or other shareholder rights with respect to shares of Common Stock underlying the RSUs prior to the Company s issuance to the Participant of such shares following the vesting dates set forth in the Notice of Grant. 2. RSUs Not Transferrable . None of the RSUs nor any interest therein or in any Common Shares underlying such RSUs will be transferable other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution prior to payment. Any purported transfer or encumbrance of any RSU in violation of the provisions of this Section 2 shall be void, and the other party to any such purported transaction shall not obtain any rights to or interest in such RSU. 3. Vesting of RSUs . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of Section 4 of this Agreement, the RSUs covered by this Agreement shall become nonforfeitable and payable to the Participant pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement , in accordance with this Section 3 . (b) The RSUs will become vested and earned in accordance with the following schedule subject to Sections 4(a) and (b) : (i) One-third shall vest on the first anniversary of the Grant Date.
 (ii) One-third shall vest on the second anniversary of the Grant Date.
 (iii) One-third shall vest on the third anniversary of the Grant Date.
 4. Accelerated Vesting of RSUs . Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3 of this Agreement, the RSUs will become nonforfeitable and payable earlier than the times provided for in Section 3 of this Agreement under the following circumstances (to the extent the RSUs have not previously become nonforfeitable): 
 BN 73132485v1 3 

(a) Death or Disability : If the Participant s Continuous Service is terminated as a result of the Participant s death or Disability prior to the Vesting Date, the RSUs covered by this Agreement will vest and become payable on the Participant s termination date. (b) Change in Control . Upon a Change in Control that occurs prior to the Vesting Date while the Participant remains in Continuous Service, all of the RSUs will vest and become payable on the date of the Change of Control. 5. Forfeiture of RSUs . RSUs that do not vest pursuant to Section 3 or Section 4 of this Agreement, shall be forfeited automatically and without further action. 6. Form and Time of Settlement of RSUs . Settlement in respect of the RSUs after and to the extent they have become nonforfeitable shall be made in the form of Common Shares via book entry. Such delivery shall be made within fifteen (15) days following (but in no event later than the 15th day of the third month following the later of the Company s or the Participant s tax year in which the Vesting Date or vesting event otherwise occurs) the date that the RSUs become nonforfeitable pursuant to Section 3 or Section 4 of this Agreement. 7. Payment of Dividend Equivalents . The Participant shall be entitled to receive Dividend Equivalents with respect to the payment of cash dividends on the Company s Common Stock having a record date prior to date on which RSUs held by the Participant are settled. Such Dividend Equivalents, if any, shall be paid by crediting the Participant with additional whole RSUs as of the date of payment of such cash dividends on the Company s Common Stock. The number of additional RSUs (rounded to the nearest whole number) to be so credited shall be determined by dividing (a) the amount of cash dividends paid on such date with respect to the number of Common Shares represented by the RSUs previously credited to the Participant by (b) the Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock on such date. Such additional RSUs shall be subject to the same terms and conditions and shall be settled in the same manner and at the same time (or as soon thereafter as practicable) as the RSUs originally subject to the Agreement. 8. U.S. Tax Consequences . (a) The Participant has reviewed with the Participant s own tax advisors the federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of receiving RSUs and the transactions contemplated by this Notice and Agreement. The Participant is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its employees or agents. The Participant understands that the Participant (and not the Company) shall be responsible for the Participant s own tax liability that may arise as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Notice and Agreement. The Participant understands that for U.S. taxpayers, under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), the Participant will be taxed as ordinary income on the fair market value of the Common Shares received upon vesting of the RSUs as of the applicable Vesting Date, and such ordinary income will be subject to withholding taxes. As set forth in the Plan, the Company shall have the power and the right to deduct or withhold, or to require the Participant to 
 BN 73132485v1 4 

remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy all tax withholding obligations prior to delivering any Common Shares hereunder. (b) To the extent that (i) the receipt of the RSUs, (ii) the vesting of the RSUs, or (iii) the operation of any law or regulation providing for the imputation of interest results in compensation income or wages to the Participant for federal or state income tax purposes (a Taxable Event ), the Participant will deliver to the Company at the time of such Taxable Event such amount of money or shares of Company common stock as the Company may require to meet all obligations under applicable tax laws or regulations, and, if the Participant fails to do so, the Company is authorized to withhold or cause to be withheld from any cash or share remuneration then or thereafter payable to the Participant any tax required to be withheld by reason of compensation income or wages resulting from such Taxable Event. (c) The Participant acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Participant is not relying upon any written or oral statement or representation of the Company, its affiliates, or any of their respective employees, directors, officers, attorneys or agents regarding the tax effects associated with execution of this Notice and Agreement and the receipt, holding and vesting of RSUs, and (ii) in deciding to enter into this Notice and Agreement, the Participant is relying on the Participant s own judgment and the judgment of the professionals of the Participant s choice with whom the Participant has consulted. 9. Compliance with Other Laws and Regulations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Grant Notice and Agreement, the grant and vesting of the RSUs hereunder, and the obligation of the Company to deliver Common Shares under the RSUs, shall be subject to all applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations and to such approvals by any governmental or regulatory agency as may be required including the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the rules of any exchange or any quotation system on which the Company s common stock may then be listed. Without limitation of the foregoing, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that the sale of the Common Shares underlying the RSUs, shall be made in compliance with the Company s then applicable Insider Trading Policy and all other applicable federal and state securities laws. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any certificates for shares of its common stock prior to the completion of any registration or qualification of such shares under any federal or state law or issuance of any ruling or regulation of any government body which the Company shall, in its sole discretion, determine to be necessary or advisable. 10. Adjustments . In the event of a dividend or distribution paid in shares of the Company s Common Stock or any other adjustment made upon a change in the capital structure of the Company as described in Section 4.2 of the Plan, appropriate adjustments shall be made in the Participant s RSUs awarded under this Agreement so that this Agreement represents the right to receive upon settlement any and all new, substituted or additional securities or other property to which the Participant would entitled by reason of the Common Shares issuable upon settlement of the RSUs, and all such new, substituted or additional securities 
 BN 73132485v1 5 

or other property shall be immediately subject to the same vesting condition as are applicable to the RSUs awarded under this Agreement. 11. No Right to Future Awards or Employment . The grant of the RSUs under this Agreement to the Participant is a voluntary, discretionary award being made on a one-time basis and it does not constitute a commitment to make any future awards. The grant of the RSUs and any payments made under this Agreement will not be considered salary or other compensation for purposes of any severance pay or similar allowance, except as otherwise required by law. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to be employed or remain employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor limit or affect in any manner the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to terminate the employment or adjust the compensation of the Participant. 12. Relation to Other Benefits . Any economic or other benefit to the Participant under this Agreement or the Plan shall not be taken into account in determining any benefits to which the Participant may be entitled under any profit-sharing, retirement or other benefit or compensation plan maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 13. Amendments . Any amendment to the Plan shall be deemed to be an amendment to this Agreement to the extent that the amendment is applicable to this agreement; provided, however, that (a) no amendment shall adversely affect the rights of the Participant under this Agreement without the Participant s written consent, and (b) the Participant s consent shall not be required to an amendment that is deemed necessary by the Company to ensure compliance with Section 409A of the Code. 14. Severability . In the event that one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be invalidated for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction, any provision so invalidated shall be deemed to be separable from the other provisions hereof, and the remaining provisions hereof shall continue to be valid and fully enforceable. 15. Relation to Plan . This Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and, in the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall govern. The Committee acting pursuant to the Plan, as constituted from time to time, shall, except as expressly provided otherwise herein or in the Plan, have the right to determine any questions which arise in connection with this Agreement. 16. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the RSUs and the Participant s participation in the Plan, or future awards that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means or request the Participant s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 17. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed with the internal substantive laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any principle of law that would result in the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. 
 BN 73132485v1 6 

18. Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . To the extent applicable, it is intended that this Agreement and the Plan comply with, or be exempt from, the provisions of Section 409A of the Code, so that the income inclusion provisions of Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code do not apply to the Participant. This Agreement and the Plan shall be administered in a manner consistent with this intent. Reference to Section 409A of the Code is to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and will also include any regulations or any other formal guidance promulgated with respect to such Section by the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service. 19. Successors and Assigns . Without limiting Section 2 of this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives and assigns of the Participant, and the successors and assigns of the Company unless terminated in compliance with the terms of the Plan. 20. Acknowledgement . The Participant acknowledges that the Participant (a) has received a copy of the Plan, (b) has had an opportunity to review the terms of this Agreement and the Plan, (c) understands the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan and (d) agrees to such terms and conditions. 21. Entire Agreement . The Grant Notice and Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference, represents the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the RSUs granted to the Participant. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Notice and Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail. 
 BN 73132485v1 7 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-10.18>
 5
 htbk-20221231xex10d18.htm
 EX-10.18

Exhibit 10.18 HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP NOTICE OF GRANT AND RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (PERFORMANCE-BASED) Participant has been granted the number of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units PRSUs with respect to the number of shares of common stock, no par value , Common Stock of Heritage Commerce Corp (the Company ), as set forth below Common Shares as set forth below, subject to the terms and conditions of the Heritage Commerce Corp 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Plan ), and this Notice of Grant and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Performance-Based) including the attachments hereto. Unless otherwise defined in the Notice and Agreement, terms with initial capital letters shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan. Name of Participant: Number of PRSUs: Number of Target Common Shares subject to PRSUs: Grant Date: Vesting Date: Third Anniversary of the Grant Date, subject to satisfaction of the Performance Goals and vesting requirements set forth in Section 3 below and Sections 4(a) and (b) below. Performance Period: . 
 By acknowledging below, Participant accepts this grant of PRSUs and hereby represents that he or she: (i) agrees to the terms and conditions of this Notice and Agreement and the Plan; (ii) has reviewed the Plan, the Plan Prospectus and this Notice and Agreement in their entirety, and has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of legal counsel and/or tax advisor with respect thereto; (iii) fully understands and accepts all provisions hereof; (iv) agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all of the Company s decisions regarding, and all interpretations of, the Plan 
 BN 74978489v3 

Restricted Stock Units (Performance-Based) 
 and the Notice and Agreement; and (v) agrees to notify the Company upon any change in his or her home address indicated below. HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP PARTICIPANT: By: Title: Date: Date: Print Name 
 ATTACHMENTS : 2013 Equity Incentive Plan; Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Performance-Based); Plan Prospectus 
 2 BN 74978489v3 

Restricted Stock Units (Performance-Based) 
 HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP 2013 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (PERFORMANCE-BASED) 1. Grant of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units . The Company has granted to the Participant Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units PRSUs with respect to the number of Common Shares specified in the Notice of Grant on the preceding page Notice of Grant ), subject to the following terms and conditions. Each PRSU that vests pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall provide Participant with the right to receive one share of Common Stock subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The number of Common Shares subject to the PRSUs at Target (as defined below) performance level is set forth in the Notice of Grant Target Shares ). The maximum number of shares of Common Stock subject to the PRSUs is 150 the Target Shares, provided, however, that the actual number of Common Shares that Participant shall receive pursuant to the PRSUs shall be based on the achievement of the performance goal at a Threshold, Target or Maximum level as set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement. The Participant shall not be considered a shareholder of record and shall have no voting or other shareholder rights with respect to shares of Common Stock underlying the PRSUs prior to the Company s issuance to the Participant of such shares following the vesting dates set forth in the Notice of Grant. 2. PRSUs Not Transferrable . None of the PRSUs nor any interest therein or in any Common Shares underlying such PRSUs will be transferable other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution prior to payment. Any purported transfer or encumbrance of any PRSU in violation of the provisions of this Section 2 shall be void, and the other party to any such purported transaction shall not obtain any rights to or interest in such PRSU. 3. Vesting of PRSUs . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of Section 4 of this Agreement, the PRSUs covered by this Agreement shall become nonforfeitable and payable to the Participant pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement , in accordance with this Section 3 . The extent to which the Participant s interest in the PRSUs becomes vested and non-forfeitable shall be based upon the satisfaction of the performance goal specified in this Section 3 (the Performance Goal ), subject to Section 4 of this Agreement. (b) The PRSUs will become vested and earned in accordance with the following schedule: 
 3 BN 74978489v3 

Restricted Stock Units (Performance-Based) 
 The Performance Goal shall be based upon Return on Average Tangible Common Equity ROATCE and Company Percentile Rank (defined below) during the Performance Period set forth in the Notice of Grant. ROATCE Three-Year Performance Opportunity Level Threshold Target Maximum Company Percentile Rank 35th 50th 75th Percent of PRSUs Vested 50 100 150 
 To the extent performance falls between two levels in the table above, linear interpolation shall apply in determining the percentage of the PRSUs that are earned. The Earned PRSUs, if any, shall vest on the date on which the Committee certifies whether and to what extent the performance goal has been achieved following the end of the Performance Period (the Vesting Date provided the Participant shall have been in the Continuous Service through the Vesting Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant s Continuous Service is terminated as a result of the Participant s retirement prior to the Vesting Period, the Participant will still be eligible to vest at the end of the three-year period at the Target level pro rata for the period of Continuous Service from the Grant Date to the date of retirement provided that (i) the Participant s Continuous Service has extended for a minimum of 12 months from the Grant Date to the retirement date, and (ii) the Participant refrains after the retirement date from rendering, any services of a business, commercial, or professional nature to any business organization engaged in the banking or finance service industry, whether for compensation or otherwise. Such pro rata portion of PRSUs shall be paid to the Participant pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement. The calculations under this Section 3 shall be made as soon as practicable on or after the end of the Performance Period. The Committee shall have the authority to make any determinations regarding questions arising from the application of the provisions of this Section 3 , which determination shall be final, conclusive and binding on the Participant and the Company. (c) For the purposes of this Agreement, Company Percentile Rank Company Percentile Rank means the percentile ranking of the Company with the constituents of the Peer Group (listed in Exhibit A with respect to ROATCE. The determination of ROATCE for the Company shall be determined for the Performance Period set forth in the Notice of Grant from the Company s financial statements for the final year ended during the Performance Period set forth in the Notice of Grant from the Company financial statements for the fiscal year ended during the Performance Period. 4. Accelerated Vesting of PRSUs . Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3 of this Agreement, the PRSUs will become nonforfeitable and payable earlier than the times 
 4 BN 74978489v3 

Restricted Stock Units (Performance-Based) 
 provided for in Section 3 of this Agreement under the following circumstances (to the extent the PRSUs have not previously become nonforfeitable): (a) Death or Disability : If the Participant s Continuous Service is terminated as a result of the Participant s death or Disability prior to the Vesting Date, the PRSUs covered by this Agreement will vest and become payable on the Participant s termination date based on the Target opportunity level set forth above (100 of the PRSUs). (b) Change in Control . Upon a Change in Control that occurs prior to the Vesting Date while the Participant remains in Continuous Service, the PRSUs covered by this Agreement will vest and become payable on the date of the Change in Control based on the Target opportunity level set forth above (100 of the PSUs). 5. Forfeiture of PRSUs . PRSUs that do not vest pursuant to Section 3 or Section 4 of this Agreement, shall be forfeited automatically and without further action. 6. Form and Time of Settlement of PRSUs . Settlement in respect of the PRSUs after and to the extent they have become nonforfeitable shall be made in the form of Common Shares via book entry. Such delivery shall be made within fifteen (15) days following (but in no event later than the 15th day of the third month following the later of the Company s or the Participant s tax year end in which the Performance Period ended or vesting event otherwise occurs) the date that the PRSUs become nonforfeitable pursuant to Section 3 or Section 4 of this Agreement. 7. Payment of Dividend Equivalents . The Participant shall be entitled to receive Dividend Equivalents with respect to the payment of cash dividends on the Company s Common Stock having a record date prior to date on which PRSUs held by the Participant are settled. Such Dividend Equivalents, if any, shall be paid by crediting the Participant with additional whole PRSUs as of the date of payment of such cash dividends on the Company s Common Stock. The number of additional PRSUs (rounded to the nearest whole number) to be so credited shall be determined by dividing (a) the amount of cash dividends paid on such date with respect to the number of Common Shares represented by the PRSUs previously credited to the Participant by (b) the Fair Market Value per share of Common Stock on such date. Such additional PRSUs shall be subject to the same terms and conditions and shall be settled in the same manner and at the same time (or as soon thereafter as practicable) as the PRSUs originally subject to the Agreement. 8. U.S. Tax Consequences . (a) The Participant has reviewed with the Participant s own tax advisors the federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of receiving PRSUs and the transactions contemplated by this Notice and Agreement. The Participant is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its employees or agents. The Participant understands that the Participant (and not the Company) shall be responsible for the Participant s own tax liability that may arise as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Notice and Agreement. The Participant understands that for U.S. taxpayers, under the Internal 
 5 BN 74978489v3 

Restricted Stock Units (Performance-Based) 
 Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), the Participant will be taxed as ordinary income on the fair market value of the Common Shares received upon vesting of the PRSUs as of the applicable Vesting Date, and such ordinary income will be subject to withholding taxes. As set forth in the Plan, the Company shall have the power and the right to deduct or withhold, or to require the Participant to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy all tax withholding obligations prior to delivering any Common Shares hereunder. (b) To the extent that (i) the receipt of the PRSUs, (ii) the vesting of the PRSUs, or (iii) the operation of any law or regulation providing for the imputation of interest results in compensation income or wages to the Participant for federal or state income tax purposes (a Taxable Event ), the Participant will deliver to the Company at the time of such Taxable Event such amount of money or shares of Company common stock as the Company may require to meet all obligations under applicable tax laws or regulations, and, if the Participant fails to do so, the Company is authorized to withhold or cause to be withheld from any cash or share remuneration then or thereafter payable to the Participant any tax required to be withheld by reason of compensation income or wages resulting from such Taxable Event. (c) The Participant acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Participant is not relying upon any written or oral statement or representation of the Company, its affiliates, or any of their respective employees, directors, officers, attorneys or agents regarding the tax effects associated with execution of this Notice and Agreement and the receipt, holding and vesting of PRSUs, and (ii) in deciding to enter into this Notice and Agreement, the Participant is relying on the Participant s own judgment and the judgment of the professionals of the Participant s choice with whom the Participant has consulted. 9. Compliance with Other Laws and Regulations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Grant Notice and Agreement, the grant and vesting of the PRSUs hereunder, and the obligation of the Company to deliver Common Shares under the PRSUs, shall be subject to all applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations and to such approvals by any governmental or regulatory agency as may be required including the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the rules of any exchange or any quotation system on which the Company s common stock may then be listed. Without limitation of the foregoing, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that the sale of the Common Shares underlying the PRSUs, shall be made in compliance with the Company s then applicable Insider Trading Policy and all other applicable federal and state securities laws. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any certificates for shares of its common stock prior to the completion of any registration or qualification of such shares under any federal or state law or issuance of any ruling or regulation of any government body which the Company shall, in its sole discretion, determine to be necessary or advisable. 10. Adjustments . In the event of a dividend or distribution paid in shares of the Company s Common Stock or any other adjustment made upon a change in the capital structure of the 
 6 BN 74978489v3 

Restricted Stock Units (Performance-Based) 
 Company as described in Section 4.2 of the Plan, appropriate adjustments shall be made in the Participant s PRSUs awarded under this Agreement so that this Agreement represents the right to receive upon settlement any and all new, substituted or additional securities or other property to which the Participant would entitled by reason of the Common Shares issuable upon settlement of the PRSUs, and all such new, substituted or additional securities or other property shall be immediately subject to the same vesting condition as are applicable to the PRSUs awarded under this Agreement. 11. No Right to Future Awards or Employment . The grant of the PRSUs under this Agreement to the Participant is a voluntary, discretionary award being made on a one-time basis and it does not constitute a commitment to make any future awards. The grant of the PRSUs and any payments made under this Agreement will not be considered salary or other compensation for purposes of any severance pay or similar allowance, except as otherwise required by law. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to be employed or remain employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor limit or affect in any manner the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to terminate the employment or adjust the compensation of the Participant. 12. Relation to Other Benefits . Any economic or other benefit to the Participant under this Agreement or the Plan shall not be taken into account in determining any benefits to which the Participant may be entitled under any profit-sharing, retirement or other benefit or compensation plan maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 13. Amendments . Any amendment to the Plan shall be deemed to be an amendment to this Agreement to the extent that the amendment is applicable to this agreement; provided, however, that (a) no amendment shall adversely affect the rights of the Participant under this Agreement without the Participant s written consent, and (b) the Participant s consent shall not be required to an amendment that is deemed necessary by the Company to ensure compliance with Section 409A of the Code. 14. Severability . In the event that one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be invalidated for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction, any provision so invalidated shall be deemed to be separable from the other provisions hereof, and the remaining provisions hereof shall continue to be valid and fully enforceable. 15. Relation to Plan . This Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and, in the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall govern. The Committee acting pursuant to the Plan, as constituted from time to time, shall, except as expressly provided otherwise herein or in the Plan, have the right to determine any questions which arise in connection with this Agreement. 16. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any documents related to the PRSUs and the Participant s participation in the Plan, or future awards that may be granted under the Plan, by electronic means or request the Participant s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, agrees to participate in the Plan 
 7 BN 74978489v3 

Restricted Stock Units (Performance-Based) 
 through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 17. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed with the internal substantive laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any principle of law that would result in the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. 18. Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . To the extent applicable, it is intended that this Agreement and the Plan comply with, or be exempt from, the provisions of Section 409A of the Code, so that the income inclusion provisions of Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code do not apply to the Participant. This Agreement and the Plan shall be administered in a manner consistent with this intent. Reference to Section 409A of the Code is to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and will also include any regulations or any other formal guidance promulgated with respect to such Section by the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service. 19. Successors and Assigns . Without limiting Section 2 of this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives and assigns of the Participant, and the successors and assigns of the Company unless terminated in compliance with the terms of the Plan. 20. Acknowledgement . The Participant acknowledges that the Participant (a) has received a copy of the Plan, (b) has had an opportunity to review the terms of this Agreement and the Plan, (c) understands the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan and (d) agrees to such terms and conditions. 21. Entire Agreement . The Grant Notice and Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference, represents the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the PRSUs granted to the Participant. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Notice and Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail. 
 8 BN 74978489v3 

EXHIBIT A Peer Group shall mean the following companies: American Business Bank Bank of California Southern California Bancorp BayCom Corp Bank of Marin Sierra Bancorp Central Valley Community First Foundation Farmers Merchants Lodi Five Star Bank Heritage Financial Corp Homestreet PCB Bancorp Tri-Counties West America The Personnel and Compensation Committee Committee shall make the following adjustments to the calculation of ROATCE or the composition of the Peer Group during the Performance Period as follows: (1) if a member of the Peer Group is acquired by another company, or during the Performance Period announces that it will be acquired by another company, then the acquired Peer Group company will be removed from the Peer Group for the entire Performance Period; (2) if a member of the Peer Group sells, spins-off, or disposes of a portion of its business, then such Peer Group company will remain in the Peer Group for the Performance Period unless such disposition(s) results in the disposition of more than 50 of such company s total assets during the Performance Period, in which case it will be removed from the Peer Group for the entire Performance Period; (3) if a member of the Peer Group acquires another company, the acquiring Peer Group company will remain in the Peer Group for the entire Performance Period; (4) if a member of the Peer Group is delisted on all major stock exchanges, such delisted company will be removed from the Peer Group for the entire Performance Period; (5) to the extent that the Company and/or any member of the Peer Group splits its stock or declares a distribution of shares, such company s total shareholder return performance will be appropriately adjusted for the stock split or share distribution so as not to give an advantage or disadvantage to such company by comparison to the other companies; and (6) the Committee shall have the authority to make other appropriate adjustments in response to a change in circumstances that results in a member of the Peer Group no longer satisfying the criteria for which such member was originally selected. 
 9 BN 74978489v3 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 htbk-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements No. 333-248420, 333-234216, 333 - 59277, 333 - 117431, 333 - 135400, 333 - 152635, 333 - 189955, and 333-220091 on Form S - 8 and Registration Statement No. 333 - 268202 on Form S - 3 of Heritage Commerce Corp of our report dated March 8, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10 - K. /s/ Crowe LLP Crowe LLP 
 Oak Brook, Illinois March 8, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 htbk-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 REGARDING THE ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 I, Robertson Clay Jones, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 of Heritage Commerce Corp;
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

/s/ ROBERTSON CLAY JONES Robertson Clay Jones President and Chief Executive Officer Date: March 8, 2023 Heritage Commerce Corp 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 htbk-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 REGARDING THE ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 I, Lawrence D. McGovern, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 of Heritage Commerce Corp;
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

/s/ LAWRENCE D. MCGOVERN Lawrence D. McGovern Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date: March 8, 2023 Heritage Commerce Corp 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 htbk-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 REGARDING THE ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 In connection with the Annual Report of Heritage Commerce Corp (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Robertson Clay Jones, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ ROBERTSON CLAY JONES Robertson Clay Jones President and Chief Executive Officer March 8, 2023 Heritage Commerce Corp 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 htbk-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 REGARDING THE ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 In connection with the Annual Report of Heritage Commerce Corp (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lawrence D. McGovern, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ LAWRENCE D. MCGOVERN Lawrence D. McGovern Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer March 8, 2023 Heritage Commerce Corp 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 htbk-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 19
 htbk-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 htbk-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 htbk-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 htbk-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

