<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_1810806_0001810806-23-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14086536</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1012014</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3042081</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4424302</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2906121</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2465638</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001810806-23-000016.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227161823
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001810806-23-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		126
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Unity Software Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001810806
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				270334803
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39497
		FILM NUMBER:		23675128

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 - 3RD STREET
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-539-3162

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 - 3RD STREET
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94103

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001810806-23-000016.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 unity-20221231.htm
 10-K

unity-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______ to _______ Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 (Address, including zip code, of principal executive offices) ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of a share of the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant's second fiscal quarter), as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on that date, was approximately billion. 
 As of February 15, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

UNITY SOFTWARE INC. 
 FORM 10 K 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 5 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 42 
 Item 2. Properties 
 42 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 43 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 43 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 45 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 45 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 60 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 61 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 100 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 100 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 104 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspection 
 104 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 105 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 105 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 105 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 105 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 105 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 106 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 108 
 SIGNATURES 
 109 

iii 

NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are subject to the "safe harbor" created by those sections. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future results of operations or financial condition, business strategy and plans, and objectives of management for future operations are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as "aim," "anticipate," "believe," "contemplate," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "potential," "predict," "project," "should," "target," "toward," "will," "would," or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions. 
 You should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10 K primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. Readers are cautioned that these forward looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including those identified and discussed in greater detail below, under "Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors." The results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
 In addition, statements that "we believe" and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10 K. While we believe such information provides a reasonable basis for these statements, such information may be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on these statements. 
 The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10 K relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10 K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10 K or to reflect new information, actual results, revised expectations, or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments. 
 
 Additional Information 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to "we," "us," "our," "our company," "Unity," and "Unity Technologies" refer to Unity Software Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. The Unity design logos, "Unity" and our other registered or common law trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of Unity Software Inc. or its affiliates. 
 Investors and others should note that we may announce material business and financial information using our investor relations website (www.investors.unity.com), our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, press releases, public conference calls, and public webcasts as means of complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. We encourage investors and others interested in our company to review the information that we make available. 
 iv 

RISK FACTORS SUMMARY 
 Investing in our common stock involves numerous risks, including the risks described in "Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Below are some of these risks, any one of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 We have a history of losses and may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 
 The impact of macroeconomic conditions, such as inflation and actions taken by central banks to counter inflation, and potential economic recession, on our business, as well as our customers, prospects, partners, and service providers. 
 We have a limited history operating our business at its current scale, including with ironSource, and as a result, our past results may not be indicative of future operating performance. 
 If we are unable to retain our existing customers including ironSource customers and expand their use of our platform, or attract new customers, our growth and operating results could be adversely affected, and we may be required to reconsider our growth strategy. 
 The markets in which we participate are competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. 
 Operating system platform providers or application stores may change terms of service, policies or technical requirements applicable to us or our customers, which could adversely impact our business. 
 If we are unable to further expand into new industries, or if our solutions for any new industry fail to achieve market acceptance, our growth and operating results could be adversely affected, and we may be required to reconsider our growth strategy. 
 Our business relies in part on strategic relationships. If we are unable to maintain favorable terms and conditions and business relations with respect to our strategic relationships, our business could be harmed. 
 Our core value of putting our users first may cause us to forgo short-term gains and may not lead to the long-term benefits we expect. 
 If we do not make our platform, including new versions or technology advancements, easier to use or properly train customers on how to use our platform, our ability to broaden the appeal of our platform and solutions and to increase our revenue could suffer. 
 Interruptions, performance problems, or defects associated with our platform may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to adequately address these and other risks we face, our business may be harmed. 
 v 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 General 
 Unity is the world s leading platform to provide real-time 3D ("RT3D") development tools and services for creating and growing interactive, 2D, 3D, augmented and virtual reality experiences across all major platforms and device endpoints. Our platform is used by creators of all types - such as developers, artists, and designers to build content for various industries, including gaming, film, retail, automotive, architecture, engineering, and construction. 
 Unity was originally founded as Over the Edge Entertainment in Denmark in 2004. In 2009, we reorganized as a Delaware corporation and changed our name to Unity Software Inc. Our principal corporate offices are located in San Francisco, California. We completed our initial public offering in September 2020 and our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol U . In November 2022, we completed the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement"), dated July 13, 2022, by and among Unity Software Inc., Ursa Aroma Merger Subsidiary Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the State of Israel and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Unity, and ironSource Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the State of Israel ("ironSource", and such transactions, the "ironSource Merger"). 
 Following the ironSource Merger, we now focus on two complementary and interconnected solutions: Create Solutions and Grow Solutions, which includes ironSource. See Item 7 of Part II, "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for a discussion of the changes to how we present revenue results following the ironSource Merger and Item 8 of Part II, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" Note 5 Acquisitions, for a further discussion of the acquisition of ironSource. 
 Create Solutions 
 Our Create Solutions are a robust set of tools for the development of high-definition, real-time 2D and 3D content. Designed with creators in mind, the tools are used by artists, designers, and developers across a range of industries ranging from games to aerospace, film to retail, medical to manufacturing, and beyond. Create Solutions includes our custom scripting tools and a high-definition render pipeline; graphics, animation, and audio tools; navigation, networking, user interface tools and more. Delivered as a modular application architecture, creators can leverage our products and extensibility to easily edit, run, and iterate interactive RT3D and 2D experiences that can be created once and deployed to a variety of platforms. 
 Grow Solutions 
 Our Grow Solutions offer customers the ability to grow and engage their user base and monetize their content from 2D puzzle games to multiplayer, multi-platform games, or other 3D interactive content irrespective of whether the content was created in Unity. Many of our customers create games and applications with the purpose of building a profitable business. This requires both the acquisition of end-users at a reasonable cost and the monetization of these end-users as they engage over time with the content. We help our customers grow their businesses in the mobile app ecosystem, from pre-launch testing to user acquisition, growth and retention. We do so by offering a mediation platform, which enables mobile app developers to monetize their apps through a variety of ad formats and maximize their ad revenue by leveraging multiple ad networks. In addition, we offer robust cross-channel marketing solutions, which enable developers to scale their user base by promoting their apps on our own and external ad networks, mobile devices, and on social media and search channels such as Apple Search Ads. Finally, we offer analytics and optimization tools designed to enable developers to grow their profitability sustainably over the long term. Following the ironSource Merger, ironSource forms part of our Grow Solutions (which we generally referred to prior to the acquisition as Operate Solutions). 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Our Customers and Creator Community 
 Our globally diverse customers range from the largest enterprises to mid-market companies, to government and non-profit institutions, to mid-sized, small, and independent businesses and individuals across a variety of industries. 
 We have a very large, active, and highly engaged global community of RT3D creators. The scale of our creator community provides us with a significant competitive advantage, and by incentivizing third-party platforms to strategically partner and integrate with us, we are able to further expand our community. Third-party platforms partner with Unity to make it easy for our creators to deploy content onto their platforms. These partnerships help us to maximize audience-reach for our customers and retain our platform s position as the leading hub for RT3D content creation. 
 Competition 
 We primarily compete with other content development tools and monetization services. Most of these competitors offer point solutions that represent a subset of the offerings on our platform: 
 Create Solutions: We primarily compete against proprietary game engines built in-house by large game studios, as well as Cocos2d-x (Chukong Technologies) and Unreal Engine (Epic Games), which offer game development tools primarily serving the PC games and mobile games sectors, and, in the case of Unreal Engine (Epic Games), industries beyond gaming. Outside of gaming, we also compete with other development platforms that offer 2D and 3D design products. 
 Grow Solutions: We operate in a fragmented ecosystem composed of privately held companies up to select divisions of large, well-established companies. The large companies in our ecosystem may play multiple different roles given the breadth of their business. Examples of these large companies are Amazon, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, and Tencent. Most of these companies are also our partners and customers. Examples of other companies we compete against include AppLovin, Voodoo, and Digital Turbine. 
 We believe that the principal competitive factors in our market are: 
 cross-platform deployability; 
 the pace and quality of new product innovation; 
 product capabilities, including flexibility, scalability, performance, security, and reliability; 
 integration with existing platforms; 
 high-quality customer support, training, and services; 
 brand recognition and reputation; 
 return on investment of sales and marketing efforts; 
 volume and leverage of user data and analytics; 
 price and affordability of our solutions and customer economics; 
 ease of use of products; and 
 ability to expand to adjacent industries. 
 We believe we compete favorably with respect to these factors. Refer to "Item 1A. Risk Factors" for a discussion of risks related to competition. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Privacy and Data Security 
 Creative assets, performance and user data are critical to our customers businesses. We devote considerable resources to our security program, regularly testing the security of user assets utilized by our services, and developing easy-to-use features that content creators can leverage to enhance the security of their creative products. Our team of security practitioners, working in partnership with peers across our company, works to identify and mitigate risks, assess our security measures against industry standards and best practices, and continue to evaluate ways to improve. 
 The privacy of developers and application users and the protection of the data in our ecosystem are important to our continued growth and success. We conduct privacy impact assessments and data protection impact assessments, conduct product and feature reviews, maintain records of data processing, and provide support for privacy and data security-related requests. We maintain a dedicated privacy team that leads a group of employees, federated throughout the organization, who serve in roles responsible for data governance and management within product groups and functional areas. Our privacy team reports progress on the program and its functions quarterly to a team of executives charged with data governance oversight, and conducts regular privacy-related training. Additionally, our Data Protection Officer periodically updates the audit committee of our board of directors on changes in laws and Unity s compliance activities. 
 We are committed to complying, and helping our customers comply, with privacy and data security laws globally. We monitor guidance from industry and regulatory bodies, meet with regulators and update our product features and contractual commitments when necessary to meet new or evolving privacy legal requirements. We maintain a privacy policy that describes how Unity collects, uses, and discloses information, and what choices organizations and users have. 
 Because our business involves the collection, use, storage, and transmission of personal information, we are subject to numerous federal, state, local, and foreign laws, regulations, and other obligations relating to privacy and data security. Countries around the world have adopted or are proposing similar laws and regulations relating to privacy and data security, and we may become subject to them as we expand our operations into new geographic markets. Refer to "Item 1A. Risk Factors" for a discussion of risks related to privacy and data security. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, license agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements, employee non-disclosure and invention assignment agreements, and other legal and contractual rights to establish and protect our proprietary rights. Refer to "Item 1A. Risk Factors" for a discussion of risks related to our intellectual property. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 193 issued utility patents in the United States that expire between 2031 and 2041, 41 issued utility patents in non-U.S. jurisdictions, and 286 utility patent applications (including 15 provisional applications and 76 active PCT applications) pending in the United States and globally. As of such date, we also had 29 registered design patents in non-U.S. jurisdictions and 13 active design patent applications, four of which are in the United States. While we believe our patents and patent applications in the aggregate are important to our competitive position, no single patent or patent application is material to us as a whole. 
 We also have trademark rights in our name and other brand indicia and have trademark registrations for select marks in the United States and other jurisdictions around the world, and registered domain names for websites that we use in our business. We control access to and use of our proprietary technology and other confidential information through the use of internal and external controls, including contractual protections with employees, contractors, customers and partners. We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost effective. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Human Capital Management 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 7,703 full-time employees, across 64 offices and in 21 countries. We also engage contractors and consultants. We had 3,753 employees in technical roles, which accounted for approximately 59 of our total headcount. In addition, our geographic diversification enhances our ability to retain and attract talent, and as of December 31, 2022, approximately 73 of our full-time employees were located outside of the United States. 
 We believe that the strength of our culture is fueled by our commitment to our values, inclusion, and social impact, making Unity an attractive place for top talent to work and grow. 
 Our Values and Commitment to Inclusion 
 The Unity values capture what we represent and form the foundation of our company culture. They have a material impact on how we do our jobs and how we treat each other every day. They also guide us in making the right decisions for our customers, partners and creators. Our values are: Users First, Best Ideas Win, In It Together, and Go Bold. 
 We live out these values through our global framework for Inclusion, which centers on three principles: Empathy, Respect, and Opportunity. Empathy fuels connection, respect builds trust, and opportunity empowers employees. These principles cascade throughout our company and encourage us all to meet each other where we are and celebrate our differences. We invest in our culture in many ways, including a Unity Leadership Program run by senior leaders, frequent Town Hall meetings, executive roundtables, manager and employee development opportunities, and a global Workplace Experience team dedicated to curating local cultural events. Unity's benefit offerings are designed to meet the varied and evolving needs of a diverse workforce. 
 Government Regulations 
 Our worldwide business activities are subject to various laws, rules, and regulations of the United States as well as of foreign governments. Compliance with these laws, rules, and regulations has not had, and is not expected to have, a material effect upon our capital expenditures, results of operations, or competitive position, and we do not currently anticipate material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities. Nevertheless, compliance with existing or future governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, those pertaining to global trade, business acquisitions, consumer and data protection, and taxes, could have a material impact on our business in subsequent periods. Refer to "Item 1A. Risk Factors" for a discussion of these potential impacts. 
 Available Information 
 Our investor relations website is https://investors.unity.com/ and we encourage investors to use it as a way of easily finding information about us. Copies of our reports on Forms 10-K, Forms 10-Q, and Forms 8-K, may be obtained, free of charge, electronically on this website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material with, or furnish such material to, the SEC. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Risks Related to Our Business, Operations, and Industry 
 We have a history of losses and may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 
 We have experienced significant net losses on a GAAP basis in each period since inception. In addition, our revenue growth rate has varied and has in certain quarters declined and could vary and decline in the future, particularly in a difficult macroeconomic climate. We are not certain whether we will achieve or maintain profitability in the future. We also expect our costs and expenses to increase in the long term on a GAAP basis, which could negatively affect our future results of operations. In particular, we intend to continue to make significant investments to achieve profitability in such areas as: 
 research and development, including investments in our engineering teams and in further differentiating our platform and solutions with improvements to our Create and Grow Solutions, as well as the development of new products and features; 
 our sales and marketing organizations to engage our existing and prospective customers, increase brand awareness and drive adoption and expansion of our platform and solutions; 
 research and development and sales and marketing initiatives to grow our presence in new industries and use cases beyond the gaming industry; 
 our technology infrastructure, including systems architecture, scalability, availability, performance, and security; 
 acquisitions or strategic investments; 
 global expansion; and 
 our general and administration organization, including legal, IT, and accounting expenses associated with ongoing a public company compliance and reporting obligations. 
 Our efforts to achieve profitability may be costlier than we expect and may not be effective. Even if such investments increase our revenue, any such increase may not be enough to offset increased operating expenses even with cost-cutting efforts, such as layoffs, which may not be effective. 
 We have a limited history operating our business at its current scale, including with ironSource, and as a result, our past results may not be indicative of future operating performance. 
 In recent years, we have significantly grown the scale of our business, both organically and through acquisitions, including the ironSource Merger. Accordingly, we have a limited history operating our business at its current scale and scope. You should not rely on our past results of operations as indicators of future performance. 
 Overall growth of our revenue is difficult to predict and depends in part on our ability to execute on our integration of ironSource and other growth strategies. For example, in the second and third quarters of 2022, our growth rate declined below our target long-term growth due to a variety of factors which could continue to impact our business, including the maturation of our business. In addition, recent negative macroeconomic factors, such as inflation and corresponding higher interest rates, and the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, have and may continue to negatively impact our business, as could the softening of the advertising market. 
 You should consider and evaluate our prospects in light of the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by growing companies in rapidly evolving markets. These risks and uncertainties include challenges in accurate financial planning as a result of limited historical data relevant to the current scale and scope of our business and the uncertainties resulting from having had a relatively limited time period in which to implement and evaluate our business strategies as compared to companies with longer operating histories. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 If we are not able to grow efficiently and manage our costs, we may not achieve profitability on a GAAP basis. 
 The growth and expansion of our business places a continuous significant strain on our management, operational and financial resources. As usage of our platform grows, we will need to devote additional resources to improving its capabilities, features and functionality. In addition, we will need to appropriately scale our internal business, IT, and financial, operating and administrative systems to serve our growing customer base, and continue to manage headcount, capital and operating and reporting processes, and integrate them with ironSource's, in an efficient manner. Any failure of or delay in these efforts could result in impaired performance and reduced customer satisfaction, resulting in decreased sales to new customers or lower dollar-based net expansion rates, which would hurt our revenue growth and our reputation. Further, any failure in optimizing the costs associated with our third-party cloud services as we scale could negatively impact our gross margins. Even if we are successful in our expansion efforts, they will be expensive and complex, and require the dedication of significant management time and attention. We may also suffer inefficiencies or service disruptions as a result of our efforts to scale our internal infrastructure. We cannot be sure that the expansion of and improvements to our internal infrastructure will be effectively implemented on a timely basis, if at all, and such failures could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 While growing our business necessarily requires increased costs in some parts of our business, we are also focusing on cost reduction efforts where possible. However, our cost reduction efforts may not be effective or sufficient to offset our increased expenses, and may themselves have adverse impacts, such as loss of continuity or accumulated knowledge, inefficiency during transitional periods, distraction, and potential challenges operating our business with fewer resources. Any failure of our cost reduction efforts could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If our revenue growth does not meet our expectations in future periods and if we are unable to allocate our resources in a manner that results in sustainable revenue growth, while also managing our overall costs, we may not achieve or maintain profitability. 
 We may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the ironSource Merger, or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected. 
 We believe that there are significant benefits and synergies that may be realized through leveraging the products, scale and combined enterprise customer bases of Unity and ironSource. However, the efforts to realize these benefits and synergies is a complex process and may disrupt our existing operations if not implemented in a timely and efficient manner. The full benefits of the ironSource Merger, including the anticipated sales or growth opportunities, may not be realized as expected or may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame, or at all. In addition, we may incur additional or unexpected costs in order to realize these revenue synergies. Failure to achieve the anticipated benefits of the ironSource Merger could adversely affect our results of operations or cash flows, cause dilution to our earnings per share, decrease or delay any accretive effect of the ironSource Merger and negatively impact our stock price. 
 Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to manage our expansion, which poses numerous risks and uncertainties, including the need to integrate the operations and business of ironSource into our existing business in an efficient and timely manner, to combine systems and management controls and to integrate relationships with industry contacts and business partners. 
 In addition, we are devoting significant attention and resources to the integration and operation of the combined company, and to successfully aligning the business practices and operations of Unity and ironSource. This process may disrupt the businesses and, if ineffective, would limit the anticipated benefits of the ironSource Merger. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Acquisitions, mergers, strategic investments, partnerships, and alliances could be difficult to identify, integrate, divert the attention of management, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, and adversely affect our business. 
 We have in the past acquired or invested and may in the future seek to acquire or invest in businesses, joint ventures, platforms, or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our platform, enhance our technical capabilities, or otherwise offer growth opportunities. We have grown our revenue organically and through acquisitions including Parsec, Weta Digital, and ironSource. Our acquisitions and mergers have placed and will continue to place added burden on our management and internal resources, and the diversion of management's attention away from day-to-day business concerns and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could adversely affect our financial results. We may encounter difficulties assimilating or integrating any acquired companies or assets, particularly if the key personnel of an acquired company choose not to work for us, face cultural challenges, if their software or technology is not easily adapted to work with our platform, or we have difficulty retaining the customers of any acquired business. In addition, we have invested and may in the future invest in private companies and may not realize a return on our investments. 
 We have incurred significant costs, expenses and fees for professional services and other transaction costs in connection with the Weta Digital Acquisition and the ironSource Merger. We may also incur unanticipated costs in the integration of certain of Weta Digital's assets and of ironSource with our business. The substantial majority of these costs will be non-recurring expenses relating to the Weta Digital Acquisition and the ironSource Merger. We have been subject to litigation related to the ironSource Merger and could become subject to further litigation related to it or any other acquisition, which could result in significant costs and expenses. 
 These and any future transactions may also disrupt our business, divert our resources, and require significant management attention that would otherwise be available for development of our existing business. Any such transactions that we are able to complete may not result in any synergies or other benefits we had expected to achieve, which could result in impairment charges that could be substantial. In addition, we may not be able to find and identify desirable acquisition targets or business opportunities or be successful in entering into an agreement with any particular strategic partner. These transactions have historically resulted and in the future could result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses, incremental operating expenses, or the impairment of goodwill, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, if the resulting business from such a transaction fails to meet our expectations, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected or we may be exposed to unknown risks or liabilities and our efforts to limit such liabilities could be unsuccessful. 
 If we are unable to retain our existing customers including ironSource customers and expand their use of our platform, or attract new customers, our growth and operating results could be adversely affected, and we may be required to reconsider our growth strategy. 
 Our future success depends on our ability to retain our existing customers, expand their use of our platform and attract new customers. Our targeted marketing efforts may not be successful despite the resources we devote to them. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 We derive a significant portion of our revenue from our Grow Solutions, and such revenue is primarily generated under a revenue-share or profit-share model. Under such models, our customers depend on us as a source of their own revenue, which in some cases may represent a significant portion of their revenue. Should customers lose confidence in the value or effectiveness of our monetization products or if our Grow products are less effective, consumption of these products could decline. For example, our revenue growth in the first half of 2022 was negatively impacted by challenges with our Grow products (including a fault in our platform that resulted in reduced accuracy of one of our monetization tools, as well as the consequences of ingesting bad data from a large customer) that reduced the efficacy of such products. We focused our resources on addressing the data quality and accuracy challenges we observed with certain monetization tools in the first quarter of 2022. Our interventions to address such challenges through the fourth quarter of 2022 have been effective; however, external factors, including the competitive landscape, recent negative macroeconomic conditions, longer sales cycles, and reduced advertiser spend have prolonged our recovery and lead us to believe that the growth of our Grow Solutions revenue will be adversely impacted into 2023. We must continually add new features and functionality to our Grow Solutions to remain competitive and respond to our customers needs. If we are not successful in retaining and attracting new customers to our Grow Solutions, our business and results of operations would be adversely affected. In addition, if we fail to attract or retain existing ironSource customers into our Grow Solutions, our business could be harmed. 
 Our Grow Solutions is also dependent upon the continued proliferation of mobile connected devices, such as smartphones and tablets, which can connect to the Internet over a cellular, wireless or other network, as well as the increased consumption of content through those devices. Consumer usage of these mobile connected devices may be inhibited for a number of reasons beyond our control. If user adoption of mobile connected devices or user consumption of content on those devices do not continue to grow, our business could be harmed. 
 Create Solutions customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions, which are primarily one to three years in length, after they expire, and have no obligation to continue using our Grow Solutions, which are primarily sold under revenue-share or profit-share-based models. Even if one or several studios within a customer adopts our Create or Grow Solutions, other studios within that customer may choose to adopt different solutions or to continue to employ internally-developed solutions. 
 Our customers rely on us to attract a broad range of advertisers to our platform to generate demand for their impressions through our Unified Auction. If we are unable to also serve the needs of advertisers, they may reduce their consumption of our solutions and, because the advertising market is highly competitive, they may shift their business to other advertising solutions which could adversely affect our revenue. All of our products are also subject to factors and events beyond our control. For example, macroeconomic factors like labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, and inflation continue to cause logistical challenges, increased input costs, and inventory constraints for advertisers, and these factors are currently decreasing, and may in the future decrease or halt, advertiser spending. 
 For us to maintain or improve our results of operations, it is important that our Create Solutions customers renew and expand their subscriptions with us and that our Grow Solutions customers continue using and expanding their use of our products. We invest in targeted sales and account-based marketing efforts to identify opportunities to grow use of our solutions within and across multiple studios within a single customer. However, our efforts may not be successful despite the resources we devote to them. Even if one or several studios within a customer adopts our Create or Grow Solutions, other studios within that customer may choose to adopt different solutions or to continue to employ internally-developed solutions. 
 It is also important for us to cross-sell more Create Solutions to our Grow Solutions customers, as well as Grow Solutions to our Create Solutions customers. While we believe there are significant cross-selling opportunities between our Create and Grow Solutions, and that our Create and Grow Solutions work together synergistically, we have only recently focused our sales efforts on targeting cross-selling opportunities, and we cannot be sure that our efforts will be successful. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 The markets in which we participate are competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. 
 The markets in which we operate are highly competitive. Specifically, we have faced and may continue to face competition as a result of: 
 the internal development of alternative solutions by a significant number of companies, including other gaming companies; 
 lower prices or free solutions offered by our competitors, some of whom may offer more favorable payment terms to publishers; 
 mergers, acquisitions and other strategic relationships amongst our competitors which may allow them to provide more comprehensive offerings or achieve greater economies of scale than us, and may introduce new competitors in our markets; 
 intense competition within the gaming market which may impact our company and a significant number of our customers, who also operate in the gaming market; 
 the introduction of alternative solutions by larger, more experienced companies that offer 2D and 3D design products in the industries in which we may expand into; and 
 rapid technological change, evolving industry standards, changing regulations, as well as changing customer needs, requirements and preferences. 
 Our competitors may have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, more established customer relationships, larger marketing budgets and greater financial and operational resources than we do. We cannot assure you that we will not be forced to engage in price-cutting or revenue limiting initiatives, change payment terms or increase our advertising and other expenses to attract and retain customers in response to competitive pressures. 
 For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our current or future competitors, which could result in the failure of our platform to continue to achieve or maintain market acceptance, which would harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at a similar rate, if at all. 
 Our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate. Market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts, including those we have generated ourselves, are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may not prove to be accurate. The variables that affect the calculation of our market opportunity are also subject to change over time. 
 Estimates of market opportunity in industries beyond gaming are particularly uncertain, given the earlier stage of adoption of solutions for RT3D content creation in those markets. Our estimates of the market opportunity that we can address outside gaming depend on a variety of factors, including the number of software developers, architects and engineers that are potential users of our products. We cannot be sure that the industries in which these developers, architects or engineers are employed will adopt RT3D generally, or our solutions specifically, to any particular extent or at any particular rate. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Our expectations regarding potential future market opportunities that we may be able to address are subject to even greater uncertainty. For example, our expectations regarding future market opportunities in gaming depend, among other things, on the extent to which we are able to develop new products and features that expand the applicability of our platform. In addition, our expectations regarding future market opportunities represented by augmented reality and virtual reality applications are subject to uncertainties relating from the fact that such applications are at relatively early stages of development and may not grow at the rates we expect. The extent to which engineers, technicians or other potential users of our products in industries outside gaming are representative of other future market opportunities will depend on those industries having use cases that can be served by RT3D content. Our ability to address those opportunities will depend on our developing products that are responsive to those use cases. In addition, there is significant uncertainty with respect to our estimate of the amount by which the acquisition of Weta Digital or the ironSource Merger will increase our total market opportunity, which is based on internal models and assumptions. For example, with respect to Weta Digital, our model assumes that there is a significant market opportunity among consumers as well as professional artists for digital visual effects solutions. 
 We cannot assure you that any particular number or percentage of addressable users or companies covered by our market opportunity estimates will purchase our solutions at all or generate any particular level of revenue for us. In addition, any expansion in our market depends on a number of factors, including the cost, performance and perceived value associated with our platform and those of our competitors. Even if the market in which we compete meets the size estimates and growth we forecast, our business could fail to achieve a substantial share of this market or grow at a similar rate, if at all. Our growth is subject to many risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, the estimates of market opportunity or forecasts of market growth we have made and may make should not be taken as indicative of our future growth. 
 Operating system platform providers or application stores may change terms of service, policies or technical requirements applicable to us or our customers, which could adversely impact our business. 
 We and our customers are subject to the standard policies and terms of service of the operating system platforms on which we create, run and monetize applications and content, as well as policies and terms of service of the various application stores, such as the Apple App Store or Google Play Store, that make applications and content available to end users. Each of these operating system platforms and stores has broad discretion to change and interpret its terms of service and policies. An operating system platform or application store may also change its fee structure, add fees associated with access to and use of its platform, alter how customers are able to advertise or monetize on their platform, change how the personal or other user information is made available to application developers on their platform, limit the use of personal information for advertising purposes or restrict how end users can share information on their platform or across other platforms. 
 In particular, operating system platform providers or application stores such as Apple or Google may change their technical requirements or policies in a manner that adversely impacts the way in which we or our customers offer solutions or collect, use, and share data from end-user devices. Restrictions on our ability to collect and use data as desired could negatively impact our Grow Solutions as well as our resource planning and feature development planning for our software. For example, Apple implemented a requirement for applications using its mobile operating system, iOS, to affirmatively obtain an end user s permission to "track them across apps or websites owned by other companies" or access their device s advertising identifier for advertising and advertising measurement purposes, as well as other restrictions. The long-term impact of these and other privacy, platform, and regulatory changes remains uncertain. In addition, these platforms could change their business models and could, for example, increase application store fees to our customers, which could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 If we or our customers were to violate, or an operating system platform provider or application store believes that we or our customers have violated, its terms of service or policies, that operating system platform provider or application store could limit or discontinue our or our customers access to its platform or store. They could also limit or discontinue our access to its platform or store if it establishes more favorable relationships with one or more of our competitors or it determines that it is in their business interests to do so. Any limitation on or discontinuation of our or our customers access to any third-party platform or application store could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 If we are unable to further expand into new industries, or if our solutions for any new industry fail to achieve market acceptance, our growth and operating results could be adversely affected, and we may be required to reconsider our growth strategy. 
 Our growth strategy is based, in part, on expanding into new industries beyond gaming. The market for interactive RT3D and 2D content in industries beyond gaming is still developing, and it is uncertain whether this market will develop as we expect, how rapidly it will develop and how much it will grow. 
 Our success in these markets will depend, to a substantial extent, on the widespread adoption of our platform as an alternative to existing solutions, such as traditional 2D and 3D modeling and rendering tools, or adoption by customers that are not currently using any software solutions. Market acceptance of our platform in industries beyond gaming may not grow as we expect and if our platform does not achieve widespread adoption in these other markets, our ability to grow our revenue may suffer. 
 In addition, the investments we make to grow our business by expanding into new industries will continue to increase our costs and operating expenses on an absolute basis. We expect to invest significant research and development resources to develop and expand our products' functionality to meet the needs of customers in these industries, and we will need to increase our sales and marketing, legal and compliance and other efforts as we seek to expand into new industries that require a different go-to-market strategy than the gaming industry. These investments will occur in advance of our realization of significant revenue from such industries, particularly given that customers in these industries are typically enterprise customers with long contracting cycles, which will make it difficult to determine if we are allocating our resources effectively and efficiently. If the revenue we derive from these investments is not sufficient to achieve a return on investment, our business and results of operations would suffer. 
 Our business relies in part on strategic relationships. If we are unable to maintain favorable terms and conditions and business relations with respect to our strategic relationships, our business could be harmed. 
 We rely in part on strategic partnerships and other strategic relationships with hardware, operating system, device, game console, and other technology providers in order to be able to offer our customers the ability to deploy their content on a variety of third-party platforms. If any of these third parties were to suspend, limit or cease their operations or otherwise terminate their relationships with us, our results of operations could be adversely affected. We have entered into separate agreements with each of our strategic partners. Our agreements with our strategic partners are non-exclusive and typically have multi-year terms. We may have disagreements or disputes with these parties that could negatively impact or threaten our relationship with them. We may not be successful in sourcing additional strategic partnerships or relationships or in retaining or extending our existing relationships with the parties with whom we currently have relationships, including as a result of acquisitions by competitors of our strategic partners or strategic partners themselves becoming competitors. If we are unable to source additional strategic relationships or the parties with whom we currently have strategic relationships were to terminate their relationship with us, our revenue could decline and our business could be adversely affected. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 We are dependent on the success of our customers in the gaming market. Adverse events relating to our customers or their games could have a negative impact on our business. 
 Our gaming customers are not the end users of our solutions, but rather they use our platform and solutions to create and/or operate their games, which are ultimately sold or distributed to an end user. As a result, our success depends in part on the ability of our customers to market and sell games that are created or operated with our solutions. If our customers marketing efforts are unsuccessful or if our customers experience a decrease in demand for their games, sales of our Create Solutions and our Grow Solutions could be reduced. The gaming market is characterized by intense competition, rapid technological change, increased focus by regulators, and economic uncertainty and, as such, there is no guarantee that any of our customers' games will gain any meaningful traction with end users. In addition, some of our newer products, like Multiplay and Vivox, are more reliant on certain customers. While our large and diverse customer portfolio has helped to reduce the fluctuations in our Grow Solutions revenue as a whole resulting from the success of customers' games and the timing of game releases, we cannot assure you that the size and diversification of our customer portfolio will sufficiently mitigate this risk. If our customers fail to create or operate popular games using our platform, and we are not able to maintain a diversified portfolio of "winners and losers," our results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Our results of operations have fluctuated in the past and are expected to fluctuate in the future, making it difficult to project future results, and if we fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors with respect to our results of operations, our stock price, and the value of your investment could decline. 
 Our results of operations have fluctuated in the past and are expected to fluctuate in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, our past results may not be indicative of our future performance. In addition to the other risks described herein, factors that may affect our results of operations include the following: 
 fluctuations in demand for, usage of, or pricing of our platform; 
 changes in mix of solutions purchased by our customers; 
 demand for our gaming customers products and their ability to monetize those products, which in turn can have a significant impact on our revenue-share and consumption-based solutions; 
 timing and amount of our investments to expand the capacity of our third-party cloud hosting providers; 
 seasonality, especially with respect to our Grow Solutions, which tend to generate higher revenue during periods of increased time spent on entertainment, such as holidays; 
 downturns or upturns in our sales which may not be immediately reflected in our financial position and results of operations; 
 timing of customer budget cycles, purchases--including longer sales cycles for enterprise customers--and usage of our platform; 
 market conditions and risks associated with the gaming industry, including the popularity, price and timing of release of games, changes in consumer demographics, the availability and popularity of other forms of entertainment, public tastes and preferences; 
 timing of updates and new features on our platform; 
 fluctuations or delays in purchasing decisions in anticipation of new solutions or enhancements by us or our competitors; 
 amount and timing of payment for operating expenses, particularly research and development and sales and marketing expenses, including commissions, many of which occur in advance of the anticipated benefits resulting from such expenses; 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 amount and timing of non-cash expenses, including stock-based compensation, amortization of acquired intangibles and acquisition-related expenses; 
 amount and timing of costs associated with recruiting, training and integrating new employees and retaining and motivating existing employees; 
 timing of acquisitions and costs associated with integrating acquired companies, including the ironSource Merger; 
 general economic, social and public health conditions, both domestically and globally, including recently worsening macroeconomic conditions, as well as conditions specifically affecting industries in which our customers operate, which can impact customer spending and result in longer deal cycles; 
 incorrect estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies; 
 impact of new accounting pronouncements or changes in accounting principles; 
 costs that we incur in order to comply with changing regulatory, tax or legal requirements, especially with respect to privacy and security matters; and 
 significant security breaches of, technical difficulties with or interruptions to the delivery and use of our platform. 
 Any of these and other factors, or the cumulative effect of some of these factors, may cause our results of operations to vary significantly. If our quarterly results of operations fall below the expectations of investors and securities analysts who follow our stock, the price of our common stock could decline substantially, and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. 
 Our core value of putting our users first may cause us to forgo short-term gains and may not lead to the long-term benefits we expect. 
 One of our core values is that our users come first in everything we do, which we believe is essential to our success in increasing our growth and engagement and in serving the best, long-term interests of our company and our stockholders. Therefore, we may forgo certain expansion or short-term revenue or cost-saving opportunities that we do not believe will enhance the experience of our users, even if our decision negatively impacts our operating results. We cannot assure you that our decisions will lead to the long-term benefits that we expect, in which case our business and operating results could be harmed. 
 Third parties with whom we do business may be unable to honor their obligations to us or their actions may put us at risk. 
 We rely on third parties, including our strategic partners, for various aspects of our business, including deep technology collaborations, co-marketing, advertising partners, development services agreements, and revenue share arrangements. Their actions may put our business, reputation, and brand at risk. In many cases, third parties may be given access to sensitive and proprietary information or personal information in order to provide services and support to our teams or customers, and they may misappropriate and engage in unauthorized use of our information, technology or customers' data. In addition, the failure of these third parties to provide adequate services and technologies, or the failure of the third parties to adequately maintain or update their services and technologies, could result in a disruption to our business operations. Further, disruptions in the mobile application industry, financial markets, economic downturns, poor business decisions, or reputational harm may adversely affect our partners and may increase their propensity to engage in fraud or otherwise illegal activity which could harm our business reputation, and they may not be able to continue honoring their obligations to us, or we may cease our arrangements with them. Alternative arrangements and services may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all and we may experience business interruptions upon a transition to an alternative partner or vendor. If we lose one or more business relationships, or experience a degradation of services, our business could be harmed and our financial results could be adversely affected. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 We use resellers and other third parties to sell, market, and deploy our solutions to a variety of customers, and our failure to effectively develop, manage, and maintain our indirect sales channels would harm our business. 
 We use and plan to use resellers and other third parties to sell, market, and deploy our Create Solutions to a variety of customers, particularly in industries beyond gaming. For example, we currently leverage an indirect value-added reseller network to cost effectively service our mid-sized, small and independent Create Solutions customers and we engage in cooperative marketing efforts with strategic partners. Loss of or reduction in sales through these third parties could reduce our revenue. Identifying and retaining resellers and strategic partners, training them in our technology and product offerings, and negotiating and documenting relationships with them, requires significant time and resources. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our relationships with our resellers or strategic partners on favorable terms or at all. 
 Our resellers may cease marketing or reselling our platform with limited or no notice and without penalty. Further, a substantial number of our agreements with resellers are non-exclusive such that those resellers may offer customers the solutions of several different companies, including solutions that compete with ours. Our resellers may favor our competitors solutions or services over ours, including due to incentives that our competitors provide to resellers. One or more of our resellers could be acquired by one of our competitors, which could adversely affect our ability to sell through that reseller. If our resellers do not effectively sell, market or deploy our solutions, choose to promote our competitors solutions, or otherwise fail to meet the needs of our customers, our ability to sell our solutions could be adversely affected. 
 Our direct sales force targets larger customers, and sales to these customers involve risks that may not be present or that are present to a lesser extent with respect to sales to smaller customers. 
 We utilize a direct sales organization to increase adoption within larger enterprise customers and to expand into new industries, such as automotive, where potential customers are typically larger organizations. In particular, our success for our Grow Solutions depends in part on larger enterprise customers. Sales to larger customers involve risks that may not be present or that are present to a lesser extent with sales to smaller customers, such as longer sales cycles, more complex customer requirements, substantial upfront sales costs, and less predictability in completing some of our sales. If we do not effectively expand our direct sales capabilities to address these industries effectively or develop effective sales and marketing strategies for those industries, or if we focus our efforts on non-gaming industries that end up being slow adopters of our platform and solutions, our ability to increase sales of our platform and solutions to industries and for use cases outside gaming will be adversely affected. 
 We provide service-level agreement commitments related to certain of our Create and Grow Solutions. If we fail to meet these contractual commitments, we could be obligated to provide refunds of prepaid amounts or other credits, which would lower our revenue and harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Certain of our Create and Grow Solutions include service-level agreements commitments. If we are unable to meet the stated service-level commitments, including failure to meet the uptime and response time requirements under our customer agreements, we could face terminations and/or refunds of prepaid amounts or other credits, which could significantly affect both our current and future revenue. Any service-level failures could also damage our reputation, which could also adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 If we fail to offer high-quality support, our ability to retain and attract customers could suffer. 
 Our customers rely on our sales, customer success and customer support personnel and tools to resolve issues and realize the full benefits that our platform provides. High-quality support is important for the retention of our existing customers and expanding their use of our platform. The importance of these functions will increase as we expand our business, pursue new customers and seek to expand the use of our platform and solutions by enterprise customers in new industries outside of gaming. If we do not help our customers quickly resolve issues and provide effective ongoing support, our ability to maintain and expand our solution to existing and new customers could suffer, and our reputation with existing or potential customers could suffer. 
 Indemnity provisions in various agreements to which we are a party potentially expose us to substantial liability for infringement, misappropriation or other violation of intellectual property rights, data protection and other losses. 
 Our agreements with our customers and other third parties may include indemnification provisions under which we agree to indemnify or otherwise be liable for losses suffered or incurred as a result of certain claims relating to or arising from our software, services, platform, our acts or omissions under such agreements or other contractual obligations. In some cases, the liability is not limited and we may still incur substantial liability related to such agreements, and we may be required to cease providing certain functions or features on our platform as a result of any such claims. Even if we succeed in contractually limiting our liability, such limitations may not be enforceable. Any dispute with a customer or other third party with respect to such obligations could have adverse effects on our relationship with such customer or other third party and other existing or prospective customers, reduce demand for our platform and adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations. In addition, our insurance may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liability that may be imposed on us or otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages with respect to claims, including claims on such matters as alleged compromises of customer data, which may be substantial. Any such coverage may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. 
 Our business could be disrupted by catastrophic events, including health pandemics. 
 Any catastrophic event, including earthquake, fire, flood, tsunami or other weather event, power loss, telecommunications failure, software or hardware malfunction, cyber-attack, war or terrorist attack, explosion, or pandemic could impact our business. In particular, our corporate headquarters are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity, and are thus vulnerable to damage in an earthquake. Our insurance coverage may not compensate us for losses that may occur in the event of an earthquake or other significant natural disaster. If any disaster were to occur, our ability to operate our business at our facilities could be impaired and we could incur significant losses, require substantial recovery time and experience significant expenditures in order to resume operations. If we are unable to develop adequate plans to ensure that our business functions continue to operate during and after a disaster and to execute successfully on those plans in the event of a disaster or emergency, our business would be harmed. 
 Our current operations are and will continue to be global in scope, creating a variety of operational challenges. 
 We currently have operations and customers across all major global markets. We also have a sales presence in multiple countries. We expect that our global activities will continue to grow for the foreseeable future as we continue to pursue growth opportunities, which will require significant dedication of management attention and financial resources. 
 Our current and future global business and operations involve a variety of risks, including: 
 slower than anticipated availability and adoption of our platform by creators outside the U.S.; 
 changes or instability in local or regional political, social or economic conditions; 
 the need to adapt and localize our platform for specific countries; 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 maintaining our company culture, which emphasizes developing and launching new and innovative solutions and which we believe is essential to our business, across all of our offices globally; 
 difficulty collecting accounts receivable and potential for longer payment cycles; 
 increased reliance on resellers and other third parties for our global expansion; 
 burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws, including costs associated with legal structures, accounting, statutory filings and tax liabilities; 
 stringent and evolving regulations relating to privacy and data security and the unauthorized use of, or access to, commercial and personal information, particularly in Europe and China; 
 differing and potentially more onerous labor regulations and practices, especially in Europe; 
 challenges inherent in efficiently managing, and the increased costs associated with, an increased number of employees over large geographic distances, including the need to implement appropriate systems, policies, benefits, statutory equity requirements and compliance programs that are specific to each jurisdiction; 
 unexpected changes in trade relations, regulations, laws or enforcement, including changes to export control restrictions, economic sanctions, and trade embargoes; 
 difficulties in managing a business in new markets with diverse cultures, languages, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems, and regulatory systems; 
 increased travel, real estate, infrastructure and legal compliance costs associated with multiple global locations and subsidiaries; 
 currency exchange rate fluctuations and the resulting effect on our revenue and expenses, and the cost and risk of hedging transactions; 
 higher levels of credit risk and payment fraud, particularly the risk that excessive fraudulent activity could harm our ability to meet credit card association merchant standards and our right to accept credit cards for payment; 
 restrictions on the transfer of funds, such as limitations on our ability to reinvest earnings from operations in one country to fund the capital needs of our operations in other countries; 
 laws and business practices favoring local competitors or general market preferences for local vendors; 
 reduced or uncertain intellectual property protection or difficulties obtaining, maintaining, protecting or enforcing our intellectual property rights, including foreign government interference with our intellectual property that resides outside of the U.S.; political instability, hostilities, war, or terrorist activities; and subsequent retaliatory measures and sanctions; 
 exposure to liabilities under anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA"), U.S. bribery laws, the United Kingdom ("U.K.") Bribery Act, and similar laws and regulations in other jurisdictions; and 
 adverse tax burdens and foreign exchange controls that could make it difficult to repatriate earnings and cash. 
 If we invest substantial time and resources to grow our business in markets outside the U.S. and are unable to do so successfully and in a timely manner, our business and results of operations will suffer. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 We are exposed to collection and credit risks, which could impact our operating results. 
 Our accounts receivable are subject to collection and credit risks, which could impact our operating results. Our Create Solutions typically include upfront purchase commitments for a one- to three-year subscription, which may be invoiced over multiple reporting periods, increasing these risks. For example, with respect to our Grow Solutions, we rely on payments from advertisers in order to pay our customers their revenue earned from our Unified Auction, LevelPlay and Sonic. We are generally obligated to pay our customers for revenue earned within a negotiated period of time, regardless of whether or not our advertisers have paid us on time, or at all. While we attempt to negotiate a longer payment period with our customers and shorter periods for our advertisers, we are not always successful. As a result we can face a timing issue with our accounts payable on shorter cycles than our accounts receivable, requiring us to remit payments from our own funds, and accept the risk of bad debt. Businesses that are good credit risks at the time of sale may become bad credit risks over time. In times of economic recession, the number of our customers who default on payments owed to us tends to increase. Our operating results may be impacted by significant bankruptcies among customers, which could negatively impact our revenue and cash flows. We cannot assure you that our processes to monitor and mitigate these risks will be effective. If we fail to adequately assess and monitor our credit risks, we could experience longer payment cycles, increased collection costs and higher bad debt expense, and our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 
 Fluctuations in currency exchange rates could harm our operating results and financial condition. 
 We offer our solutions to customers globally and have operations globally. Although the majority of our cash generated from revenue is denominated in U.S. dollars, revenue generated and expenses incurred by our subsidiaries outside of the U.S. are often denominated in the currencies of the local countries. As a result, our consolidated U.S. dollar financial statements have been and will continue to be subject to fluctuations due to changes in exchange rates as the financial results of our non-U.S. subsidiaries are translated from local currencies into U.S. dollars. In particular, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar could continue to negatively impact our business. Our financial results are also subject to changes in exchange rates that impact the settlement of transactions in non-local currencies. Because we conduct business in currencies other than U.S. dollars but report our results of operations in U.S. dollars, we also face remeasurement exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could hinder our ability to predict our future results and earnings and could materially impact our results of operations. As a result of the ironSource Merger, we have certain limited forward currency contracts in place to hedge foreign currency exposure, but we have not otherwise engaged in currency hedging activities to limit the risk of exchange fluctuations and, as a result, our financial condition and operating results have been and could continue to be adversely affected by such fluctuations. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 We may require additional capital to support the growth of our business, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 We have funded our operations since inception primarily with sales of our convertible preferred stock, common stock and convertible notes and with cash generated from sales of our Create Solutions and Grow Solutions and from our strategic partnerships. We cannot be certain when or if our operations will generate sufficient cash to fully fund our ongoing operations or the growth of our business. We intend to continue to make investments to support our business and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new solutions, products, services or enhance our existing solutions, products or services, enhance our operating infrastructure, expand globally and acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Additional financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, if at all. Macroeconomic trends like inflation, rising interest rates, geopolitical tension and supply chain issues have caused and may continue to cause disruption in the global financial markets, which may reduce our ability to access capital and negatively affect our liquidity in the future. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to invest in future growth opportunities, which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. If we incur additional debt the debt holders would have rights senior to holders of common stock to make claims on our assets, and the terms of any debt could restrict our operations, including our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity securities, stockholders will experience dilution, and the new equity securities could have rights senior to those of holders of our common stock. Our inability to obtain adequate financing on terms satisfactory to us, when we require it, could significantly limit our ability to continue to support our business growth, respond to business challenges, expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities due to lack of sufficient capital. Even if we are able to raise such capital, we cannot assure you that it will enable us to achieve better operating results or grow our business. 
 Risks Related to Our Platform and Technology 
 If we do not make our platform, including new versions or technology advancements, easier to use or properly train customers on how to use our platform, our ability to broaden the appeal of our platform and solutions and to increase our revenue could suffer. 
 Our platform can be complex to use, and our ability to expand the appeal of our platform depends in part on ensuring that it can be used by a variety of creators. While certain features of our solutions are designed to address the needs of professional developers, we believe that our ability to expand adoption of our platform will depend in part on our ability to address the needs of creators with varied needs and levels of expertise, including artists, animators and sound technicians, as well as new categories of creators and end users, such as architects, civil and mechanical engineers, and designers, in industries beyond gaming. Accordingly, it will be important to our future success that we continue to increase the accessibility of our platform and if we are not able to, our ability to increase adoption of our platform will suffer. 
 In order to get full use of our platform, users generally need training. We provide a variety of training resources to our customers, and we believe we will need to continue to maintain and enhance the breadth and effectiveness of our training resources as the scope and complexity of our platform increase. If we do not provide effective training resources for our customers on how to efficiently and effectively use our platform, our ability to grow our business will suffer, and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. Additionally, when we announce or release new versions of our platform or advancements in our technology, we could fail to sufficiently explain or train our customers on how to use such new versions or advancements or we may announce or release such versions prematurely. These failures on our part may lead to our customers being confused about use of our products or expected technology releases, and our ability to grow our business, results of operations, brand and reputation may be adversely affected. For example, such failures have in the past led to customers expressing frustration with our platform on social media and other internet sites. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Interruptions, performance problems, or defects associated with our platform may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our reputation and ability to attract and retain customers and grow our business depends in part on our ability to operate our platform at high levels of reliability, scalability and performance, including the ability of our existing and potential customers to access our platform at any time and within an acceptable amount of time. Interruptions in the performance of our platform and solutions, whether due to system failures, computer viruses or physical or electronic break-ins, could affect the availability of our platform. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, introductions of new functionality, human or software errors, capacity constraints due to an overwhelming number of customers accessing our platform simultaneously, denial of service attacks or other security-related incidents. 
 It may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve our performance, especially during peak usage times and as our customer base grows and our platform becomes more complex. If our platform is unavailable or if our customers are unable to access our platform within a reasonable amount of time or at all, we may experience a loss of customers, lost or delayed market acceptance of our platform, delays in payment to us by customers, injury to our reputation and brand, legal claims against us, significant cost of remedying these problems and the diversion of our resources. In addition, to the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed and continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as our reputation, may be adversely affected. For example, due to heightened concerns about the regulatory environment with respect to privacy and security matters, our customers are increasingly requesting audit certifications, such as SOC 2, Type II, that we have not yet achieved with respect to some of our products. Failure to achieve these certifications may adversely impact our ability to grow our business at the pace that may be expected by our investors. Additionally, material interruptions to our service due to security-related incidents may expose us to regulatory fines in certain jurisdictions where we operate even in the absence of data loss. 
 Further, the software technology underlying our platform is inherently complex and may contain material defects or errors, particularly when new products are first introduced or when new features or capabilities are released. We have from time to time found defects or errors in our platform, and new defects or errors in our existing platform or new products may be detected in the future by us or our users. For example, our revenue growth in the first half of 2022 was negatively impacted by challenges with our Grow Solutions products (including a fault in our platform that resulted in reduced accuracy of one of our monetization tools, as well as the consequences of ingesting bad data from a large customer) that reduced the efficacy of such products. 
 We cannot assure you that our existing platform and new products will not contain defects. Any real or perceived errors, failures, vulnerabilities, or bugs in our platform could result in negative publicity or lead to data security, access, retention or other performance issues, all of which could harm our business. The costs incurred in correcting such defects or errors may be substantial and could harm our business. Moreover, the harm to our reputation and legal liability related to such defects or errors may be substantial and could similarly harm our business. 
 If we or our third-party service providers experience a security breach or unauthorized parties otherwise obtain access to our customers data, our data, or our platform, our platform may be perceived as not secure, our reputation may be harmed, our business operations may be disrupted, demand for our products may be reduced, and we may incur significant liabilities. 
 Operating our business and platform involves the collection, storage and transmission of sensitive, proprietary and confidential information, including personal information of our personnel, customers and their end users, our proprietary and confidential information and the confidential information we collect from our partners, customers and creators. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Cyber-attacks, malicious internet-based activity, online and offline fraud, and other similar activities threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our sensitive information and information technology systems, and those of the third parties upon which we rely. Such threats are prevalent and continue to rise, are increasingly difficult to detect, and come from a variety of sources, including traditional computer "hackers," threat actors, "hacktivists" organized criminal threat actors, personnel (such as through theft or misuse), sophisticated nation states, and nation-state-supported actors. 
 We and the third parties upon which we rely are subject to a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to, computer malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), software bugs and vulnerabilities, malicious code, viruses and worms, social engineering (including spear phishing and ransomware attacks), denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing attacks), credential harvesting, personnel misconduct or error, supply chain attacks server malfunctions, software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications failures, and other similar threats. Such incidents have become more prevalent in our industry in recent years. For example, attempts by malicious actors to fraudulently induce our personnel into disclosing usernames, passwords or other information that can be used to access our systems have increased and could be successful. Ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe and can lead to significant interruptions, delays, or outages in our operations, loss of data, loss of income, significant extra expenses to restore data or systems, reputational harm, and the diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting payments. Our security measures could also be compromised by personnel, theft or errors, or be insufficient to prevent harm resulting from security vulnerabilities in software or systems on which we rely. Additionally, our remote workforce poses increased risks to our IT assets and data. Future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities systems and technologies. Furthermore, we may discover security issues that were not found during due diligence of such acquired or integrated entities, and it may be difficult to integrate companies into our information technology environment and security program. 
 Such incidents have occurred in the past, and may occur in the future, resulting in unauthorized, unlawful or inappropriate access to, inability to access, disclosure of or loss of the sensitive, proprietary and confidential information that we handle. For example, like many companies, we use Log4j with respect to certain software or systems to log security and performance information. A vulnerability in Log4j was discovered in late 2021 and widely exploited by threat actors, and, upon learning of this vulnerability, we made updates to our products and infrastructure intended to reduce risks associated with the vulnerability. Investigations into potential incidents occur on a regular basis as part of our security program. Security incidents could also damage our IT systems, our ability to provide our products and services, and our ability to make the financial reports and other public disclosures required of public companies. 
 We rely on third parties to provide critical services that help us deliver our solutions and operate our business. In the course of providing their services, these third parties may support or operate critical business systems for us or store or process personal information and any of the same sensitive, proprietary and confidential information that we handle. These third-party providers may not have adequate security measures and have experienced and could experience in the future security incidents that compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of the systems they operate for us or the information they process on our behalf. Such occurrences could adversely affect our business to the same degree as if we had experienced these occurrences directly and we may not have recourse to the responsible third parties for the resulting liability we incur. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Because there are many different cybercrime and hacking techniques and such techniques continue to evolve, we may be unable to anticipate attempted security breaches, react in a timely manner or implement adequate preventative measures. While we have developed systems and processes designed to protect the integrity, confidentiality and security of our and our customers confidential and personal information under our control, we cannot assure you that any security measures that we or our third-party service providers have implemented will be effective against current or future security threats. A security breach or other security incident, or the perception that one has occurred, could result in a loss of customer confidence in the security of our platform and damage to our reputation and brand, reduce demand for our solutions, disrupt normal business operations, require us to incur material costs to investigate and remedy the incident and prevent recurrence, expose us to litigation, regulatory enforcement action, fines, penalties and damages and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These risks are likely to increase as we continue to grow and process, store and transmit an increasingly large volume of data. 
 We have contractual and legal obligations to notify relevant stakeholders of security breaches. Most jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals, regulatory authorities and others of security breaches involving certain types of data. In addition, our agreements with certain customers and partners may require us to notify them in the event of a security breach. Such mandatory disclosures are costly, could lead to negative publicity and may cause our customers to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures. 
 A security breach could lead to claims by our customers, their end users or other relevant parties that we have failed to comply with contractual obligations to implement specified security measures. As a result, we could be subject to legal action or our customers could end their relationships with us. We cannot assure you that the limitations of liability in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages. Security breaches could similarly result in enforcement actions by government authorities alleging that we have violated laws requiring us to maintain reasonable security measures. 
 Additionally, we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for data security liabilities actually incurred, will cover any indemnification claims against us relating to any incident, will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, we continue to expend significant costs to seek to protect our platform and solutions and to introduce additional security features for our customers, and we expect to continue to have to expend significant costs in the future. Any increase in these costs will adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we fail to timely release updates and new features to our platform and adapt and respond effectively to rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, changing regulations, or changing customer needs, requirements, or preferences, our platform may become less competitive. 
 The market in which we compete is subject to rapid technological change, evolving industry standards, and changing regulations, as well as changing customer needs, requirements and preferences. The success of our business will depend, in part, on our ability to adapt and respond effectively to these changes on a timely basis. Accordingly, our ability to increase our revenue depends in large part on our ability to maintain, improve and differentiate our existing platform and introduce new functionality. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 We must continue to improve existing features and add new features and functionality to our platform in order to retain our existing customers and attract new ones. For example, if the technology underlying our high-definition rendering pipeline or our graphics, animation and audio tools become obsolete or do not address the needs of our customers, our business would suffer. 
 Revenue growth from our products depends on our ability to continue to develop and offer effective features and functionality for our customers and to respond to frequently changing privacy and data security laws and regulations, policies, and end-user demands and expectations, which will require us to incur additional costs to implement. If we do not continue to improve our platform with additional features and functionality in a timely fashion, or if improvements to our platform are not well received by customers, our revenue could be adversely affected. 
 If we fail to deliver timely releases of our products that are ready for commercial use, release a new version, service, tool or update with material errors, or are unable to enhance our platform to keep pace with rapid technological and regulatory changes or respond to new offerings by our competitors, or if new technologies emerge that are able to deliver competitive solutions at lower prices, more efficiently, more conveniently or more securely than our solutions, or if new operating systems, gaming platforms or devices are developed and we are unable to support our customers' deployment of games and other applications onto those systems, platforms or devices, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our business depends on the interoperability of our solutions across third-party platforms, operating systems, and applications, and on our ability to ensure our platform and solutions operate effectively on those platforms. If we are not able to integrate our solutions with third-party platforms in a timely manner, our business may be harmed. 
 One of the most important features of our platform and solutions is broad interoperability with a range of diverse devices, operating systems and third-party applications. Our customers rely on our solutions to create and simultaneously deploy content to a variety of third-party platforms. Similarly, we and our customers also rely on our solutions' interoperability with third-party platforms in order to deliver services. Currently, we support and have strategic partnerships with over 20 such platforms. Third-party platforms are constantly evolving, and we may not be able to modify our solutions to assure compatibility with that of other third parties following development changes within a timely manner. For example, third-party platforms frequently deploy updates to their hardware or software and modify their system requirements. The success of our business depends on our ability to incorporate these updates to third-party licensed software into our technology, effectively respond to changes to device and operating system platform requirements, and maintain our relationships with third-party platforms. Our success also depends on our ability to simultaneously manage solutions on multiple platforms and our ability to effectively deploy our solutions to an increasing number of new platforms. Given the number of platforms we support, it can be difficult to keep pace with the number of third-party updates that are required in order to provide the interoperability our customers demand. If we fail to effectively respond to changes or updates to third-party platforms that we support, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 We rely upon third-party data centers and providers of cloud-based infrastructure to host our platform. Any disruption in the operations of these third-party providers, limitations on capacity or interference with our use could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We currently serve our users from co-located data centers in the U.S. We also use various third-party cloud hosting providers such as Google Cloud, AWS and Tencent to provide cloud infrastructure for our platform. Our Create Solutions and Grow Solutions rely on the operations of this infrastructure. Customers need to be able to access our platform at any time, without interruption or degradation of performance, and we provide some customers with service-level commitments with respect to uptime. In addition, our Grow Solutions and enterprise game server hosting depend on the ability of these data centers and cloud infrastructure to allow for our customers configuration, architecture, features and interconnection specifications and to secure the information stored in these data centers. Any limitation on the capacity of our data centers or cloud infrastructure could impede our ability to onboard new customers or expand the usage of our existing customers, host our products or serve our customers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any incident affecting our data centers or cloud infrastructure that may be caused by cyber-attacks, natural disasters, fire, flood, severe storm, earthquake, power loss, outbreaks of contagious diseases, telecommunications failures, terrorist or other attacks and other similar events beyond our control could negatively affect the cloud-based portion of our platform. A prolonged service disruption affecting our data centers or cloud-based services for any of the foregoing reasons would negatively impact our ability to serve our customers and could damage our reputation with current and potential customers, expose us to liability, cause us to lose customers or otherwise harm our business. We may also incur significant costs for using alternative providers or taking other actions in preparation for, or in response to, events that damage the third-party hosting services we use. 
 In the event that our service agreements relating to our data centers or cloud infrastructure are terminated, or there is a lapse of service, elimination of services or features that we utilize, interruption of internet service provider connectivity or damage to such facilities, we could experience interruptions in access to our platform, loss of revenue from revenue-share and consumption-based solutions, as well as significant delays and additional expense in arranging or creating new facilities and services or re-architecting our platform for deployment on a different data center provider or cloud infrastructure service provider, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Any failure to obtain, maintain, protect or enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. 
 Our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to obtain, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, including our proprietary technology, know-how and our brand. The steps we take to obtain, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights may be inadequate. We will not be able to protect our intellectual property rights if we are unable to enforce our rights or if we do not detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights. If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, or fail to continuously innovate and advance our technology, our competitors could gain access to our proprietary technology and develop and commercialize substantially identical products, services or technologies. In addition, defending our intellectual property rights might entail significant expense. Any patents, trademarks or other intellectual property rights that we have or may obtain may be challenged or circumvented by others or invalidated or held unenforceable through administrative processes. In addition, we cannot assure you that our patent applications will result in issued patents, and we may be unable to obtain or maintain patent protection for our technology. In addition, any patents issued from pending or future patent applications or licensed to us in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages, or may be successfully challenged by third parties. Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy our solutions and use information that we regard as proprietary to create products that compete with ours. Patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available to us in every country in which our products are available. The value of our intellectual property could diminish if others assert rights in or ownership of our trademarks and other intellectual property rights, or trademarks that are similar to our trademarks. We may be unable to successfully resolve these types of conflicts to our satisfaction. In some cases, litigation or other actions may be necessary to protect or enforce our trademarks and other intellectual property rights. Furthermore, third parties may assert intellectual property claims against us, and we may be subject to liability, required to enter into costly license agreements, required to rebrand our products or prevented from selling some of our products if third parties successfully oppose or challenge our trademarks or successfully claim that we infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their trademarks or other intellectual property rights. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the U.S., and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be inadequate. As we expand our global activities, our exposure to unauthorized copying and use of our platform and proprietary information will likely increase. Moreover, policing unauthorized use of our technologies, trade secrets and intellectual property may be difficult, expensive and time-consuming, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the U.S. and where mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be weak. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon, misappropriating or otherwise violating our intellectual property rights. 
 We enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants and enter into confidentiality agreements with other third parties, including suppliers and other partners. However, we cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that has or may have had access to our proprietary information, know-how and trade secrets or that has or may have developed intellectual property in connection with their engagement with us. Moreover, we cannot assure you that these agreements will be effective in controlling access to, distribution, use, misuse, misappropriation, reverse engineering or disclosure of our proprietary information, know-how and trade secrets. Further, these agreements may not prevent our competitors from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our platform. These agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 In order to protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, such as rights under our software licenses, and to protect our trade secrets. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming and distracting to management, and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Further, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights, and if such defenses, counterclaims or countersuits are successful, we could lose valuable intellectual property rights. Our inability to enforce our unique licensing structure, including financial eligibility tiers, and our inability to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation or diversion of our management s attention and resources, could delay further sales or the implementation of our solutions, impair the functionality of our platform, delay introductions of new solutions, result in our substituting inferior or more costly technologies into our products, or injure our reputation. 
 We license and make available source code to customers. Although those customers are restricted in the manner in which they can use and share our source code, we cannot assure you that unauthorized use or copying of our source code will not occur. We rely on periodic significant updates to our source code to encourage our customers to access our source code through us on a paying or, for qualified users, non-paying, basis. However, we cannot assure you that this strategy will be effective in ensuring that users are not misusing or accessing our source code on an authorized basis. 
 Our ability to acquire and maintain licenses to intellectual property may affect our revenue and profitability. These licenses may become more expensive and increase our costs. 
 While most of the intellectual property we use is created by us, we have also acquired rights to proprietary intellectual property that provide key features and functionality in our solutions. We have also obtained rights to use intellectual property through licenses and service agreements with third parties. 
 Proprietary licenses typically limit our use of intellectual property to specific uses and for specific time periods. If we are unable to maintain these licenses or obtain additional licenses on reasonable economic terms or with significant commercial value, our revenue and profitability may be adversely impacted. These licenses may become more expensive and increase the advances, guarantees and royalties that we may pay to the licensor, which could significantly increase our costs and adversely affect our profitability. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 We have been and may in the future become subject to intellectual property disputes, which are costly and may subject us to significant liability and increased costs of doing business. 
 We have faced and may in the future, face intellectual property disputes. Such disputes and intellectual property litigation can be time-consuming and expensive to resolve and they divert management s time and attention. Companies in the internet, technology and gaming industries own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, domain names and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation or other violations of intellectual property or other rights. As we face increasing competition and gain a higher profile, the possibility of intellectual property rights and other claims against us grows. Our technologies may not be able to withstand any third-party claims against their use. In addition, many companies have the capability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims that may be brought against them. Any litigation may also involve patent holding companies or other adverse patent owners that have no relevant product revenue, and therefore, our patents and patent applications may provide little or no deterrence as we would not be able to assert them against such entities or individuals. If a third party is able to obtain an injunction preventing us from accessing such third-party intellectual property rights, or if we cannot license or develop alternative technology for any infringing aspect of our business, we would be forced to limit or stop sales of our solutions or cease business activities related to such intellectual property. In addition, we may need to settle litigation and disputes on terms that are unfavorable to us. Although we carry general liability insurance and patent infringement insurance, our insurance may not cover potential claims of this type or may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liability that may be imposed. We cannot predict the outcome of lawsuits and cannot ensure that the results of any such actions will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Any intellectual property claim asserted against us, or for which we are required to provide indemnification, may require us to do one or more of the following: 
 cease selling or using products that incorporate the intellectual property rights that we allegedly infringe, misappropriate or violate; 
 make substantial payments for legal fees, settlement payments or other costs or damages; 
 obtain a license, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all, to sell or use the relevant technology; or 
 redesign or rebrand the allegedly infringing products to avoid infringement, misappropriation or violation, which could be costly, time-consuming or impossible. 
 Even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. We expect that the occurrence of infringement claims is likely to grow as the market for our solutions grow. Accordingly, our exposure to damages resulting from infringement claims could increase, and this could further exhaust our financial and management resources. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 We use open source software in our products, which could negatively affect our ability to sell our services or subject us to litigation or other actions. 
 We use open source software in our products, and we expect to continue to incorporate open source software in our services in the future. Few of the licenses applicable to open source software have been interpreted by courts, and these licenses could be construed in a manner that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products. Moreover, we cannot ensure you that we have not incorporated additional open source software in our software in a manner that is inconsistent with the terms of the applicable license or our current policies and procedures. Depending on the terms of certain of these licenses, we may be subject to certain requirements, including that we make source code available for modifications or derivative works we create based upon, incorporating or using the open source software and that we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of applicable open source licenses. If an author or other third party that distributes such open source software were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of one or more of these licenses, we could be required to incur significant legal expenses defending against such allegations and could be subject to significant damages, enjoined from the sale of our products that contained the open source software and required to comply with onerous conditions or restrictions on these products, which could disrupt the distribution and sale of these products. From time to time, there have been claims challenging the ownership rights in open source software against companies that incorporate it into their products, and the licensors of such open source software provide no warranties or indemnities with respect to such claims. As a result, we and our customers could be subject to lawsuits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software. Litigation could be costly for us to defend, or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our products, either of which could harm our business. In addition, although we employ open source software license screening measures, if we were to combine our proprietary software products with certain open source software in a particular manner we could, under certain open source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software products. Some open source projects have known vulnerabilities and architectural instabilities and are provided on an "as-is" basis which, if not properly addressed, could negatively affect the performance of our product. If we inappropriately use or incorporate open source software subject to certain types of open source licenses that challenge the proprietary nature of our products, we may be required to re-engineer such products, discontinue the sale of such products or take other remedial actions. 
 Risks Related to Our Management, and Brand 
 Attracting, managing, and retaining our talent is critical to our success. 
 Our success and future growth depend upon the continued services of our management team and other key employees. In particular, our President and Chief Executive Officer, John Riccitiello, is critical to our overall management, as well as the continued development of our platform, our culture and our strategic direction. Changes in our management team, including changes due to the ironSource Merger, could disrupt our business. We also are dependent on the continued service of our existing software engineers because of the complexity of our solutions. The loss of one or more members of our senior management, especially Mr. Riccitiello, or key employees could harm our business, and we may not be able to find adequate replacements. We cannot ensure that we will be able to retain the services of any members of our senior management or key employees. For example, certain of our senior management members are subject to share holding thresholds under an Israeli tax ruling we obtained in connection with the ironSource Merger. Their noncompliance with such tax ruling may result in adverse tax consequences to them which could harm their morale and that of their teams, and ultimately harm our business. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 In addition, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. We have had difficulty quickly filling certain open positions in the past, and we expect to have significant future hiring needs. Competition is intense, particularly in the San Francisco Bay Area, Tel Aviv, and other areas in which we have offices, for engineers experienced in designing and developing cloud-based platform products, data scientists with experience in machine learning and artificial intelligence and experienced sales professionals. In order to continue to access top talent, we will likely continue to grow our footprint of office locations, which may add to the complexity and costs of our business operations. In addition, the recent move by companies to offer a remote of hybrid work environment may increase the competition for such employees from competitors outside of our traditional office locations. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have. If we hire employees from competitors or other companies, their former employers may attempt to assert that these employees or we have breached their legal obligations, resulting in a diversion of our time and resources. 
 In addition, prospective and existing employees often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines, it may not be as effective an incentive for attracting, retaining, and motivating employees. New hires require training and take time before they achieve full productivity. New employees may not become as productive as we expect, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects would be harmed. 
 If we fail to maintain and enhance our brand, our ability to expand our customer base will be impaired and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may suffer. 
 We believe that maintaining and enhancing our brand reputation is important to support the marketing and sale of our platform to new and existing customers, and grow our strategic partnerships. We also believe that the importance of brand recognition will increase as competition in our market increases. Successfully maintaining and enhancing our brand will depend largely on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, our ability to offer a reliable platform that continues to meet the needs and preferences of our customers at competitive prices, our ability to maintain our customers trust, our ability to continue to develop new functionality to address a wide variety of use cases and our ability to successfully differentiate our platform from competitors. Our brand promotion activities may not generate customer awareness or yield increased revenue, and even if they do, any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our brand. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. 
 Risks Related to Laws, Regulations, and the Global Economy 
 We are subject to rapidly changing and increasingly stringent laws, regulations, contractual obligations, and industry standards relating to privacy, data security, and the protection of children. The restrictions and costs imposed by these requirements, or our actual or perceived failure to comply with them, could harm our business. 
 Our products, and particularly our Grow Solutions, rely on our ability to process sensitive, proprietary, confidential, and regulated information, including personal information, that belongs to us or that we handle on behalf of others such as our customers. These activities are regulated by a variety of federal, state, local, and foreign privacy and data security laws and regulations, which have become increasingly stringent in recent years and continue to evolve. Any actual or perceived non-compliance could result in litigation and proceedings against us, fines and civil or criminal penalties, obligations to cease offerings or to substantially modify our Grow Solutions in ways that make them less effective in certain jurisdictions, negative publicity, and reduced overall demand for our platform or reduced returns on our Grow Solutions. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Internationally, most jurisdictions in which we or our customers operate have adopted privacy and data security laws. For example, European privacy and data security laws, including the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation ("EU GDPR ), the United Kingdom s GDPR UK GDPR") and others, impose significant and complex burdens on processing personal information and provide for robust regulatory enforcement and significant penalties for noncompliance. For example, under the EU GDPR, companies can face litigation, bans on data processing, fines of up to the greater of 20 million Euros or 4 of worldwide annual revenue, and private litigation related to processing of personal information brought by classes of data subjects or consumer protection organizations authorized at law to represent their interests. Regulators, courts, and platforms have increasingly interpreted the GDPR and other privacy and data security laws as requiring affirmative opt-in consent to use cookies and similar technologies for personalization, advertising, and analytics. Proposed regulations could also impose onerous obligations related to artificial intelligence ("AI"), the use of cookies and other online tracking technologies on which our products rely, and online direct marketing. Any of these could increase our exposure to regulatory enforcement actions, increase our compliance costs, and adversely affect our business. 
 Globally, certain jurisdictions have enacted laws that may require data localization and have imposed requirements for cross-border transfers of personal information. For example, the cross-border transfer landscape in Europe remains unstable despite an agreement in principle between the U.S. and Europe, and other countries outside of Europe have enacted or are considering enacting cross border data transfer restrictions and laws requiring data residency. The EU GDPR, UK GDPR, and other European privacy and data security laws generally prohibit the transfer of personal information to countries outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"), such as the U.S, that are not considered by the European Commission to provide an adequate level of data protection. Although there are currently various mechanisms that may be used to transfer personal information from the EEA and the United Kingdom to the U.S. in compliance with law, these mechanisms are subject to legal challenges, and there is no assurance that we can satisfy or rely on these mechanisms. The future of cross-border data transfers remains uncertain in light of the evolving regulatory landscape both within and outside of Europe, which could increase the cost and complexity of doing business. If we cannot implement a valid mechanism for cross-border personal information transfers, we may face increased exposure to regulatory actions, penalties, and data processing restrictions or bans, and reduce demand for our services. Loss of our ability to import personal information from Europe and elsewhere may also require us to increase our data processing capabilities outside the U.S. at significant expense. 
 Similarly, China's Personal Information Protection Law and Data Security Law, Canada's Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, related provincial laws, and Canada's Anti-Spam Legislation, Israel's Privacy Protection Law 5741-1981, and new and emerging privacy and data security regimes in other jurisdictions in which we operate, such as Japan's Act on the Protection of Personal Information, Singapore's Personal Data Protection Act, and South Korea's Personal Information Protection Act, broadly regulate processing of personal information and impose comprehensive compliance obligations and penalties. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 In the U.S., federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous privacy and data security laws, including data breach notification laws, personal information privacy laws, health information privacy laws, and consumer protection laws. For example, the TCPA imposes various consumer consent requirements and other restrictions on certain telemarketing activity and other communications with consumers by phone, fax or text message. TCPA violations can result in significant financial penalties, including penalties or criminal fines imposed by the Federal Communications Commission or fines of up to 1,500 per violation imposed through private litigation or by state authorities. In addition, the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"), which applies to personal information of consumers, business representatives, and employees, imposes several obligations on covered businesses, including requirements to, among other things, respond to requests from California residents related to their personal information. The CCPA contains significant potential penalties for noncompliance (up to 7,500 per violation). Additionally, the California Privacy Rights Act expands the CCPA s requirements, including by adding new rights and establishing a new regulatory agency to implement and enforce the law. Other states are considering or have also enacted privacy and data security laws. For example, Virginia. Utah, Colorado, and Connecticut have similarly enacted comprehensive privacy and data security laws. Our actual or perceived noncompliance with these and other emerging state laws such laws could harm our business. 
 There is also increasing focus at the state and federal level on use of sensitive categories of data that we may be deemed to collect from time to time. For example, several states and localities have enacted statutes banning or restricting the collection of biometric information and have enacted measures related to the use of AI and machine learning in products and services. In addition, some of our products employ technology to help creators build augmented and virtual reality applications, and their use to recognize and collect information about individuals could be perceived as subject to the emerging regulations relating to biometric privacy laws. Although we aim to comply with these emerging laws, our actual or perceived noncompliance may expose us to litigation risks. There are emerging cases applying existing privacy and data security laws in the U.S., such as the federal and state wiretapping laws in novel and potentially impactful ways that may affect our ability to offer certain products. The outcome of these cases could cause us to make changes to our products to avoid costly litigation, government enforcement actions, damages, and penalties under these laws, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and our financial condition. 
 Another area of increasing focus by regulators is children's privacy. Enforcement of longstanding privacy laws, such as the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"), has increased and may continue under the new generation of privacy and data security laws and regulations, such as the GDPR, CCPA, the UK s Information Commissioner s Office Age Appropriate Design Code ("Children s Code"), and the California Age-Appropriate Design Code Act Design Code ). European regulators are expected to introduce guidance for age appropriate design across all countries implementing the GDPR as well. We have previously been subject to claims related to the privacy of minors predicated on COPPA and other privacy and data security laws, and we may in the future face claims under COPPA, the GDPR, the Children's Code, the CCPA, the Design Code, or other laws relating to children's privacy and data security. In addition to increasing government regulation, we have obligations relating to privacy and data security under our published policies and documentation, contracts and applicable industry standards. For example, we may also be subject to the PCI DSS, which requires companies to adopt certain measures to ensure the security of cardholder information, including using and maintaining firewalls, adopting proper password protections for certain devices and software, and restricting data access. Noncompliance with PCI-DSS can result in penalties ranging from 5,000 to 100,000 per month by credit card companies, litigation, damage to our reputation, and revenue losses. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Our business is materially reliant on revenue from behavioral, interest-based, or tailored advertising (collectively, "targeted advertising"), but delivering targeted advertisements is becoming increasingly difficult due to changes to our ability to gather information about user behavior through third party platforms, new laws and regulations, and consumer resistance. Major technology platforms on which we rely to gather information about consumers have adopted or proposed measures to provide consumers with additional control over the collection, use, and sharing of their personal data for targeted advertising purposes. For example, Apple allows users to easily opt-out of activity tracking across devices, which has impacted and may continue to impact our business. Similarly, Google announced similar plans to adopt additional privacy controls on its Android devices to allow users to limit sharing of their data with third parties and reduce cross-device tracking for advertising purposes. Additionally, Google has announced that it intends to phase out third-party cookies in its Chrome browser, which could make it more difficult for us to target advertisements. Other browsers, such as Firefox and Safari, have already adopted similar measures. 
 In addition, legislative proposals and present laws and regulations regulate the use of cookies and other tracking technologies, electronic communications, and marketing. For example, in the EEA and the U.K., regulators are increasingly focusing on compliance with requirements related to the targeted advertising ecosystem. European regulators have issued significant fines in certain circumstances where the regulators alleged that appropriate consent was not obtained in connection with targeted advertising activities. It is anticipated that the ePrivacy Regulation and national implementing laws will replace the current national laws implementing the ePrivacy Directive, which may require us to make significant operational changes. In the U.S., the CCPA, for example, grants California residents the right to opt-out of a company's sharing of personal data for advertising purposes in exchange for money or other valuable consideration and requires covered businesses to honor user-enabled browser signals from the Global Privacy Control. Partially as a result of these developments, individuals are becoming increasingly resistant to the collection, use, and sharing of personal data to deliver targeted advertising. Individuals are now more aware of options related to consent, "do not track" mechanisms (such as browser signals from the Global Privacy Control), and ad-blocking software to prevent the collection of their personal information for targeted advertising purposes. As a result, we may be required to change the way we market our products, and any of these developments or changes could materially impair our ability to reach new or existing customers or otherwise negatively affect our operations. 
 Although we endeavor to comply with these obligations, we may have actually or allegedly failed to do so or have otherwise processed data improperly. For example, in 2019, we became aware of a research paper alleging that our software, including an older version of the Unity Editor, was inappropriately configured to collect hardware-based persistent identifiers, or MAC addresses. Although we did not use this information to measure behavior or track individuals as alleged by the researchers and we have disabled the configuration described in the paper, we could be subject to enforcement action or litigation alleging that this instance or our other data processing practices violate our contractual obligations, policies, federal or state laws prohibiting unfair or deceptive business practices, or other privacy laws. In response to the increasing restrictions of global privacy and data security laws, our customers have sought and may continue to seek increasingly stringent contractual assurances regarding our handling of personal information, and may adopt internal policies that limit their use of our Grow Solutions. In addition, privacy advocates and industry groups have regularly proposed, and may propose in the future, self-regulatory standards by which we are legally or contractually bound. If we fail to comply with these contractual obligations or standards, we may face substantial contractual liability or fines. The requirements imposed by rapidly changing privacy and data security laws, platform providers, and application stores require us to dedicate significant resources to compliance, and could also limit our ability to operate, harm our reputation, reduce demand for our products, and subject us to regulatory enforcement action, private litigation, and other liability. Such occurrences could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Companies and governmental agencies may restrict access to platforms, our website, mobile applications, application stores or the Internet generally, which could lead to the loss or slower growth of our customers end users and negatively impact our operations. 
 Governmental agencies in any of the countries in which we, our customers or end users are located, such as China, could block access to or require a license for our platform, our website, mobile applications, operating system platforms, application stores or the Internet generally for a number of reasons, including security, confidentiality or regulatory concerns. If companies or governmental entities block, limit or otherwise restrict customers from accessing our platform, or end users from playing games developed or operated on our platform, our business could be harmed. 
 Further, some countries may block data transfers as a result of businesses collecting data within a country s borders as part of broader privacy-related concerns, which could affect our business. For example, the Indian government blocked the distribution of several applications of Chinese origin in the interest of sovereignty and integrity of India, defense of India, and security of the Indian state. In undertaking this action, the Indian government partially blocked some of Unity s services. While our services were ultimately unblocked in that instance, if other countries block our data transfers or services or take similar action against us, our customers, our services, and our business could be harmed. 
 Adverse changes in the geopolitical relationship between the U.S. and China or changes in China's economic and regulatory landscape could have an adverse effect on business conditions. 
 Because our continued business operations in China, including our joint venture in China, constitute a significant part of our current and future revenue growth plans, adverse changes in economic and political policies relating to China could have an adverse effect on our business. An escalation of recent trade tensions between the U.S. and China has resulted in trade restrictions that harm our ability to participate in Chinese markets. For example, U.S. export control regulations relating to China have created restrictions with respect to the sale of our products to various Chinese customers and further changes to regulations could result in additional restrictions. Additionally, proposed restrictions in the U.S. on outbound investment may impair our ability to support our subsidiaries in China, including our majority owned joint venture. Sustained uncertainty about, or worsening of, current global economic conditions and further escalation of trade tensions between the U.S. and its trading partners, especially China, could result in a global economic slowdown and long-term changes to global trade, including retaliatory trade restrictions that further restrict our ability to operate in China. 
 Any actions and policies adopted by the government of the People s Republic of China ("PRC"), particularly with regard to intellectual property rights and existing cloud-based and Internet restrictions for non-Chinese businesses, or any prolonged slowdown in China s economy, due to the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In particular, PRC laws and regulations impose restrictions on foreign ownership of companies that engage in internet, market survey, cloud-based services and other related businesses from time to time. Accordingly, our ability to offer cloud-based services in China depends on our ability to implement and maintain structures that are acceptable under PRC laws. Our failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 We are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, and similar laws, and non-compliance with such laws can subject us to criminal or civil liability and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to the FCPA, U.S. domestic bribery laws, the U.K. Bribery Act and other anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws in the countries in which we conduct activities. As we increase our global sales and business to the public sector and further develop our reseller channel, we may engage with business partners and third-party intermediaries to market our solutions and obtain necessary permits, licenses and other regulatory approvals. In addition, we or our third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these third-party intermediaries, our employees, representatives, contractors, partners and agents, even if we do not authorize such activities. 
 Compliance with such laws is costly, we cannot assure you that none of our employees and agents will take actions in violation of our policies and applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. 
 In addition, noncompliance with these laws could subject us to whistleblower complaints, investigations, civil or criminal penalties, reputational harm, and adverse media coverage any of which could harm our business. 
 We are subject to governmental export and import controls and economic sanctions laws that could impair our ability to compete in global markets or subject us to liability if we violate the controls. 
 Various countries in which we operate regulate the import and export of certain encryption and other technology, including import and export licensing requirements, and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our products or could limit our customers ability to implement our products in those countries. Our products and services are subject to export controls and economic sanctions laws and regulations of the United States and potentially other jurisdictions in which we have operations. Compliance with such laws and regulations can be time-consuming and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities. 
 We previously inadvertently provided products and services to some customers in apparent violation of U.S. export control and economic sanctions laws. After voluntarily disclosing such noncompliance to relevant U.S. authorities, we received a warning letter, with no imposition of monetary fines or penalties. In the future, if we, or our resellers, are found to be in violation of U.S. sanctions or export control regulations, significant fines or penalties and possible incarceration for responsible employees and managers, as well as reputational harm and loss of business, could result. 
 Any change in export or import regulations--including proposed additional regulation of encryption technology--economic sanctions or related legislation, increased export and import controls, or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our platform by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products to, existing or potential customers with global operations which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 Sales to government entities and highly regulated organizations are subject to a number of challenges and risks . 
 We sell our offerings, particularly within our Create Solutions, to a variety of domestic and foreign governmental agency customers, as well as to customers in highly regulated industries. Selling to such entities can be highly competitive, expensive and time-consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that these efforts will generate a sale. Government demand and payment for solutions are affected by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations and funding reductions or delays may adversely affect public sector demand that could develop for our solutions. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Further, these entities may demand or require contract terms and product features or certifications that differ from our standard arrangements and are less favorable or more difficult to maintain than our standard terms or product features. Such entities may have statutory, contractual or other legal rights to terminate contracts with us or our partners for convenience or for other reasons. Any such termination may adversely affect our ability to provide our platform to other government customers and could adversely impact our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations 
 We could be required to collect additional sales, value added or similar taxes or be subject to other tax liabilities that may increase the costs our clients would have to pay for our solutions and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We collect sales, value added or similar indirect taxes in a number of jurisdictions. An increasing number of states have considered or adopted laws that attempt to impose sales tax collection obligations on out-of-state companies. Additionally, the Supreme Court of the United States ruled in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc. et al ("Wayfair") that online sellers can be required to collect sales and use tax despite not having a physical presence in the buyer s state. In response to Wayfair, or otherwise, states or local governments may adopt, or begin to enforce, laws requiring us to calculate, collect, and remit taxes on sales in their jurisdictions. Similarly, many foreign jurisdictions have considered or adopted laws that impose taxes on companies despite not having a physical presence in the foreign jurisdiction, including digital service taxes. A successful assertion by one or more states, or foreign jurisdictions, requiring us to collect taxes where we presently do not do so, or to collect more taxes in a jurisdiction in which we currently do collect some taxes, could result in substantial tax liabilities, including taxes on past sales, as well as penalties and interest. This could also create additional administrative burdens for us, put us at a competitive disadvantage if they do not impose similar obligations on our competitors, and decrease our future sales, which could harm our business and results of operations. 
 Changes in our effective tax rate or tax liability may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Our effective tax rate could increase due to several factors, including: 
 changes in the relative amounts of income before taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates; 
 changes in tax laws, tax treaties, and regulations or the interpretation of them; 
 changes to our assessment of our ability to realize our deferred tax assets that are based on estimates of our future results, the feasibility of possible tax planning strategies, and the economic and political environments in which we do business; 
 the outcome of current and future tax audits, examinations or administrative appeals; and 
 limitations or adverse findings regarding our ability to do business in some jurisdictions. 
 Any of these developments could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Uncertainties in the interpretation and application of existing, new and proposed tax laws and regulations could materially affect our tax obligations and effective tax rate. 
 The tax regimes to which we are subject or under which we operate are unsettled and may be subject to significant change. The issuance of additional guidance related to existing or future tax laws, or changes to tax laws, tax treaties or regulations proposed or implemented by the current or a future U.S. presidential administration, Congress, or taxing authorities in other jurisdictions, including jurisdictions outside of the United States, could materially affect our tax obligations and effective tax rate. To the extent that such changes have a negative impact on us, including as a result of related uncertainty, these changes may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 The amount of taxes we pay in different jurisdictions depends on the application of the tax laws of various jurisdictions, including the United States, to our international business activities, the relative amounts of income before taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate, new or revised tax laws, or interpretations of tax laws and policies, the outcome of current and future tax audits, examinations or administrative appeals, our ability to realize our deferred tax assets, and our ability to operate our business in a manner consistent with our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements. 
 Our ability to use our net operating losses, credits, and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income or taxes may be subject to certain limitations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had net operating loss ("NOL") carryforwards for U.S. federal, state, and foreign purposes of 785.8 million, 415.0 million and 1.1 billion, respectively, which may be available to offset taxable income in the future, and portions of which expire in various years beginning in 2024. A lack of future taxable income would adversely affect our ability to utilize a portion of these NOLs before they expire. Under the current law, federal NOLs incurred in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such federal NOLs, is limited to 80 of taxable income. In addition, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), a corporation that undergoes an "ownership change" (as defined under Section 382 of the Code and applicable Treasury Regulations) is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOL carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset post-change taxable income or taxes. We may experience future ownership changes that could affect our ability to utilize our NOL carryforwards to offset our income. Furthermore, our ability to utilize NOL carryforwards of companies that we have acquired or may acquire in the future may be subject to limitations. In addition, at the state level, there may be periods during which the use of NOL carryforwards is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. For these reasons, we may not be able to utilize all of the NOLs, even if we attain profitability, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability to us and could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 The tax benefits that are available to us require us to continue to meet various conditions and may be terminated or reduced in the future, which could increase our costs and taxes. 
 We believe that our main Israeli subsidiaries acquired as part of the ironSource Merger are eligible for certain tax benefits provided to a "Preferred Technological Enterprise" under the Israeli Law for the Encouragement of Capital Investments, 5719-1959 (the Investment Law ). In order to remain eligible for the tax benefits provided to a "Preferred Technological Enterprise" we must continue to meet certain conditions stipulated in the Investment Law and its regulations, as amended. If these tax benefits are reduced, canceled or discontinued, our Israeli taxable income from the Preferred Technological Enterprise would be subject to regular Israeli corporate tax rates. The standard corporate tax rate for Israeli companies has been 23 since 2018. 
 Any legal proceedings, claims against us, or other disputes could be costly and time-consuming to defend and could harm our reputation regardless of the outcome. 
 We are and may in the future become subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise from time to time, such as claims brought by our customers in connection with commercial disputes, employment claims made by our current or former employees, or securities class action litigation suits. For example, we are currently defending against a putative securities class action complaint, and two derivative complaints, alleging that the Company and its executives made false or misleading statements and/or failed to disclose issues with the Company s product platform. 
 Any litigation or dispute, whether meritorious or not, and whether or not covered by insurance, could harm our reputation, will increase our costs and may divert management s attention, time and resources, which may in turn harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 We are subject to laws and regulations worldwide, many of which are unsettled and still developing and which could increase our costs or adversely affect our business. 
 We are subject to a variety of laws in the U.S. and abroad that affect our business, including state and federal laws regarding consumer protection, advertising, electronic marketing, protection of minors, privacy and data security, data localization requirements, online services, anti-competition, labor, real estate, taxation, intellectual property ownership and infringement, export and national security, tariffs, anti-corruption and telecommunications, all of which are continuously evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly laws outside the U.S., and compliance with laws, regulations and similar requirements may be burdensome and expensive. Laws and regulations may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, which may increase the cost of compliance and doing business. Any such costs, which may rise in the future as a result of changes in these laws and regulations or in their interpretation, could make our platform less attractive to our customers or cause us to change or limit our ability to sell our platform. We have policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but we cannot assure you that our employees, contractors or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or our policies and procedures. 
 In particular, as a result of our Grow Solutions, we are potentially subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect the offering of certain types of content, such as that which depicts violence, many of which are ambiguous, still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business or expose us to liability. In addition, there are ongoing academic, political and regulatory discussions in the U.S., Europe, Australia and other jurisdictions regarding whether certain game mechanisms, such as loot boxes, and game genres, such as social casino, rewarded gaming and gambling, should be subject to a higher level or different type of regulation than other game genres or mechanics to protect consumers, in particular minors and persons susceptible to addiction, and, if so, what such regulation should include. New regulation by the U.S. federal government and its agencies, such as the FTC, U.S. states and state agencies or foreign jurisdictions, which may vary significantly across jurisdictions, could require that certain game content be modified or removed from games, increase the costs of operating our customer s games, impact player engagement and thus the functionality and effectiveness of our Grow Solutions or otherwise harm our business performance. For example, one of our acquired products within our Grow Solutions, Tapjoy s Offerwall, is subject to certain obligations under a consent order which resulted from an FTC investigation. Noncompliance with this consent order, or other future orders, may result in the imposition of substantial fines, penalties and costs that would adversely impact our financial condition and operating results. It is difficult to predict how existing or new laws may be applied. If we become liable, directly or indirectly, under these laws or regulations, we could be harmed, and we may be forced to implement new measures to reduce our exposure to this liability. This may require us to expend substantial resources or to modify our Grow Solutions, which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the increased attention focused upon liability issues as a result of lawsuits and legislative proposals could harm our reputation or otherwise impact the growth of our business. Any costs incurred as a result of this potential liability could harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 It is possible that a number of laws and regulations may be adopted or construed to apply to us or our customers in the U.S. and elsewhere that could restrict the online and mobile industries, including player privacy, advertising, taxation, content suitability, copyright, distribution and antitrust, and our solutions or components thereof may be deemed or perceived illegal or unfair practices. Furthermore, the growth and development of electronic commerce and virtual items may prompt calls for more stringent consumer protection laws that may impose additional burdens on companies such as us and our customers conducting business through the Internet and mobile devices. We anticipate that scrutiny and regulation of our industry will increase and we will be required to devote legal and other resources to addressing such regulation. For example, existing laws or new laws regarding the marketing or the use of in-app purchases or such enabling technology, labeling of free-to-play games or regulation of currency, banking institutions, unclaimed property or money transmission may be interpreted to cover games made with our solutions and the revenue that we receive from our Grow Solutions. If that were to occur, we may be required to seek licenses, authorizations or approvals from relevant regulators, the granting of which may be dependent on us meeting certain capital and other requirements and we may be subject to additional regulation and oversight, all of which could significantly increase our operating costs. Changes in current laws or regulations or the imposition of new laws and regulations in the U.S. or elsewhere regarding these activities may lessen the growth of mobile gaming and impair our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Convertible Notes 
 Our Notes and the issuance of shares of our common stock upon conversion of the Notes, if any, may impact our financial results, result in dilution to our stockholders, create downward pressure on the price of our common stock, and restrict our ability to raise additional capital or to engage in a beneficial takeover. 
 Servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our substantial debt. Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our Notes depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. If the assumptions underlying our cash flow guidance are incorrect, our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our debt. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt or issuing additional equity, equity-linked or debt instruments on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. If we are unable to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, we may be unable to meet the obligations of our Notes, which would materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 In addition, if shares of our common stock are issued to the holders of the Notes upon conversion, there will be dilution to our stockholders equity and the market price of our common stock may decrease due to the additional selling pressure in the market. Any downward pressure on the price of our common stock caused by the sale, or potential sale, of shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes could also encourage short sales by third parties, creating additional downward pressure on our share price. 
 Certain provisions in the indenture governing the Notes may delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover attempt of us. For example, a takeover of us may trigger a requirement in each indenture governing the Notes that we repurchase the Notes and/or increase the conversion rate, which could make it costlier for a potential acquirer to engage in such takeover. Such additional costs may have the effect of delaying or preventing a takeover of us that would otherwise be beneficial to investors. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 We may from time to time seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt, including the Notes, through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity securities, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, and other factors. The amounts involved in any such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, may be material. Further, any such purchases or exchanges may result in us acquiring and retiring a substantial amount of such indebtedness, which could impact the trading liquidity of such indebtedness. 
 The conditional conversion feature of the Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 In the event the conditional conversion feature of the Notes is triggered, holders of the Notes will be entitled under each indenture to convert their notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their Notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. As of December 31, 2022, the Notes are not convertible at the option of the holder. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. 
 The capped call transactions may affect the value of the 2026 Notes and our common stock. 
 In connection with the issuance of the 2026 Notes, we entered into capped call transactions (the "Capped Call Transactions") with certain of the initial purchasers of the 2026 Notes or affiliates thereof and other financial institutions (the "option counterparties"). The Capped Call Transactions cover, subject to customary adjustments, the number of shares of our common stock initially underlying the 2026 Notes. The Capped Call Transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of 2026 Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 2026 Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. In connection with establishing their initial hedges of the Capped Call Transactions, the counterparties or their respective affiliates likely entered into various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock and/or purchased shares of our common stock concurrently with or shortly after the pricing of the 2026 Notes, including with certain investors in the 2026 Notes. The counterparties and/or or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the 2026 Notes (and are likely to do so on each exercise date of the Capped Call Transactions or, to the extent we exercise the relevant election under the Capped Call Transactions, following any repurchase, redemption or conversion of the 2026 Notes). We cannot make any prediction as to the direction or magnitude of any potential effect that the transactions described above may have on the prices of the 2026 Notes or the shares of our common stock. Any of these activities could adversely affect the value of the 2026 Notes and our common stock. 
 We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the Capped Call Transactions. 
 The option counterparties are financial institutions, and we will be subject to the risk that any or all of them might default under the Capped Call Transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. If an option counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under the Capped Call Transaction with such option counterparty. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, an increase in our exposure will be correlated to an increase in the market price and in the volatility of our common stock. In addition, upon a default by an option counterparty, we may suffer more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or viability of the option counterparties. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Our stock price has been and may continue to be volatile, and the value of our common stock may decline. 
 The market price of our common stock has been and may continue to be highly volatile and may fluctuate or decline substantially as a result of a variety of factors, including those discussed in the risk factors in this section, as well as variance in our financial performance from expectations of securities analysts, sales of shares of our common stock by us or our stockholders, sales of securities convertible into shares of our capital stock by us, the trading volume of our common stock, general economic and market conditions, and others not currently known to us or that we do not believe are material. Technology stocks have historically experienced high levels of volatility. In the past, companies who have experienced volatility in the market price of their securities have been subject to securities class action litigation. We have been, are, and may continue to be the target of this type of litigation in the future, which could result in substantial expenses and divert our management s attention. 
 Future sales of our common stock in the public market could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the timing of or the effect that future sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. 
 Our share repurchase program, while intended to help offset dilution from the ironSource Merger, may not achieve such goal and the amount of such repurchases may be impacted by new legislation. 
 The proceeds from the PIPE have been and are expected to be continued to be used to partially fund the repurchase of up to 2.5 billion of shares of our common stock pursuant to our previously announced stock repurchase program, with the objective to offset potential dilution to our stockholders as a result of the issuance of the ironSource Merger consideration. However, we are not obligated to repurchase any shares of our common stock and there is no assurance that we will do so on the timeline intended. 
 While we expect the share repurchases to be accretive to our earnings per share, there may be factors that will reduce the expected anti-dilutive effects of the potential repurchases. Although the 2027 Notes were priced at a premium to the market price of our common stock at the time of signing, and we intend to repurchase the shares at prices lower than the conversion price of the 2027 Notes, we can't provide any assurance that our stock price will not fluctuate significantly prior to any share repurchases, including as a result of downward pressure on the price of our common stock caused by the conversion of the 2027 Notes, as discussed above. As a result, if we are unable to repurchase shares of our common stock at a price that is lower than the conversion price of the 2027 Notes, any anti-dilutive effect of such repurchases may be less than expected and dilution resulting from the issuance of merger consideration may be more than expected. 
 In addition, repurchases are subject to the 1 Share Repurchase Excise Tax enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act, which may be offset by shares newly issued during that fiscal year (the "Share Repurchase Excise Tax"). We have and will continue to take the Share Repurchase Excise Tax into account with respect to our decisions to repurchase shares, but there can be no assurance that such tax will not reduce the number of shares we are able to or ultimately decide to repurchase. 
 Concentration of ownership of our common stock among our existing executive officers, directors, and principal stockholders may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions. 
 Our executive officers, directors, and current beneficial owners of 5 or more of our common stock beneficially own a significant percentage of our outstanding common stock. These persons, acting together, will be able to significantly influence all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 election and removal of directors and any merger or other significant corporate transactions. The interests of this group of stockholders may not coincide with the interests of other stockholders. 
 Our issuance of additional capital stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our equity incentive plans or otherwise will dilute all other stockholders. 
 We expect to issue additional capital stock in the future that will result in dilution to all other stockholders. We grant and expect to continue granting equity awards to employees, directors and consultants under our equity incentive plans. We may also raise capital through the sale and issuance of equity securities or convertible securities in the future. As part of our business strategy, we have in the past made acquisitions and investments, and issued equity securities to pay for such acquisitions or investments. For example, we issued 112,547,375 shares in the ironSource Merger. We may continue to acquire or make investments in companies, products or technologies and issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition or investment. Any such issuances of additional capital stock may cause stockholders to experience significant dilution of their ownership interests and the per share value of our common stock to decline. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future and, as a result, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock, and we do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, you may need to rely on sales of our common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on your investment. 
 We incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance with our public company responsibilities and corporate governance practices. 
 As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of the NYSE, and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to compliance with these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations may change from time to time. Monitoring such changes, and updating our procedures to comply with any such changes, may increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. We cannot predict or estimate the totality of any such additional costs we incur as a public company or the specific timing of such costs. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 We are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting, and any failure to maintain the adequacy of these internal controls may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 
 We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This assessment will need to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm is required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our compliance with Section 404 requires that we incur substantial expenses and expend significant management efforts. Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business, including in connection with the ironSource Merger. In addition, changes in accounting principles or interpretations could also challenge our internal controls and require that we establish new business processes, systems and controls to accommodate such changes. Additionally, if these new systems, controls or standards and the associated process changes do not give rise to the benefits that we expect or do not operate as intended, it could adversely affect our financial reporting systems and processes, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial reports or the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Moreover, our business may be harmed if we experience problems with any new systems and controls that result in delays in their implementation or increased costs to correct any post-implementation issues that may arise. 
 If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, and we could lose access to the capital markets. 
 The growth and expansion of our business places a continuous, significant strain on our operational and financial resources, including as a result of the ironSource Merger. Further growth of our operations to support our customer base, our IT systems and our internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support our operations. For example, we are still in the process of implementing IT and accounting systems, and integrating these systems with ironSource's, to help manage critical functions such as billing and financial forecasts. Our failure to improve our systems and processes, or their failure to operate in the intended manner, whether as a result of the growth of our business, including the integration of ironSource, or otherwise, may result in our inability to accurately forecast our revenue and expenses, or to prevent certain losses. Moreover, the failure of our systems and processes could undermine our ability to provide accurate, timely and reliable reports on our financial and operating results and could impact the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, our systems and processes may not prevent or detect all errors, omissions, or fraud. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may have the effect of preventing a change of control or changes in our management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include provisions that may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which generally, prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any interested stockholder for a period of three years. Any of the foregoing provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, and they could deter potential acquirers of our company, thereby reducing the likelihood that you would receive a premium for your shares of our common stock in an acquisition. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States of America as the exclusive forums for certain disputes between us and our stockholders, which restricts our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation includes choice of forum provisions which may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring such a claim arising under the Securities Act against us, our directors, officers, or other employees in a venue other than in the federal district courts of the United States of America. In such an instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This may require significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions and we cannot assure you that the provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. If a court were to find either exclusive-forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur further significant additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, all of which could harm our business. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in San Francisco, California, where we lease approximately 86,000 square feet of space in two buildings with leases that expire in August 2025. Currently, our largest office is located in Montreal, Canada with approximately 137,000 square feet under a lease that expires in June 2030. Our next largest office is located in Tel Aviv, Israel with approximately 134,000 square feet under a lease that expires in June 2027. In addition, we maintain offices in various states in the United States, across Europe, Asia and Latin America. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 On July 6, 2022, a putative class action complaint, captioned Das v. Unity Software, Inc., et al., Case 3:22-cv-03962 (N.D. Cal.), was filed against the Company and its Chief Executive Officer, current Chief Financial Officer, and former Chief Financial Officer, in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (the "Das Class Action"). The complaint, which asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act, alleges that the Company and its executives made false or misleading statements and/or failed to disclose issues with the Company s product platform and the likely impact of those issues on the Company s fiscal 2022 guidance. The plaintiff seeks to represent a class of all persons and entities (other than the defendants) who acquired Unity securities between March 5, 2021 and May 10, 2022, and requests unspecified damages, pre- and post-judgment interest, and an award of attorneys' fees and costs. The Company believes this lawsuit is without merit and intends to vigorously defend the case. 
 On November 22, 2022, a derivative suit, captioned Movva v. Unity Software, Inc., et al., Case 5:22-cv-07416 (N.D. Cal.) (the "Movva Suit"), was filed by a purported stockholder against eleven of the Company s current and former officers and directors. The complaint, which asserts claims for breach of fiduciary duty, waste of corporate assets, unjust enrichment, and violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, borrows the allegations of the Das Class Action, and recasts them as derivative claims. On December 16, 2022, a related derivative suit, captioned Duong vs. Unity Software Inc., et al., Case 5:22-c-08926 (N.D. Cal), was filed by a purported stockholder against the same defendants as in the Movva Suit (the "Duong Suit," and together with the Movva Suit, the "Derivative Suits"). The Duong Suit is identical to the Movva Suit, and the parties have jointly moved to consolidate the two actions. We believe the Derivative Suits are procedurally improper, and will respond appropriately. 
 On August 8, 2022, a putative class action complaint, captioned Assad v. Botha et al, Case No. 2022-0691, was filed in the Court of Chancery against the Company and its board of directors. The complaint alleged that the directors breached their fiduciary duties by failing to disclose all material information necessary to allow stockholders to make a fully informed decision on whether to approve the issuance of new shares as a part of the Company's preliminary Form S-4 filed in connection with the Company's merger with ironSource. The plaintiff was a purported stockholder and sought to represent a class of stockholders voting in connection with the stock issuance. The complaint sought additional disclosure and an award of attorneys fees, among other remedies. On September 21, 2022, the complaint was withdrawn. 
 In addition, from time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information Regarding our Common Stock 
 Our common stock has been listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "U" since September 18, 2020. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our common stock. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 493 stockholders of record of our common stock, including brokers and other institutions, which hold shares of our common stock on behalf of an indeterminate number of beneficial holders. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, to fund the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination regarding the declaration and payment of cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 The following table provides information with respect to the shares of common stock we repurchased during the three months ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands, except share data): 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 October 1 - October 31, 2022 November 1 - November 30, 2022 36,103,210 34.57 36,103,210 1,252,016 December 1 - December 31, 2022 6,627,969 38.02 6,627,969 1,000,000 Total 42,731,179 42,731,179 
 (1) In July 2022, our board of directors approved our Share Repurchase Program, which authorized the repurchase of up to 2.5 billion of shares of our common stock through November 2024. Under the Share Repurchase program, share repurchases may be made by us from time to time in privately negotiated transactions or in open market transactions. The Share Repurchase Program does not require us to purchase a minimum number of shares, and may be suspended, modified, or discontinued at any time without prior notice. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following shall not be deemed "soliciting material" or deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, other than as provided by this Item 5, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 The performance graph below compares (i) the cumulative total return on our common stock from September 18, 2020 (the date our common stock commenced trading on the New York Stock Exchange) through December 31, 2022 with (ii) the cumulative total return of the S P 500 Information Technology Index ("SP500-45") and the NASDAQ 100 Technology Sector ("NDXT") Index over the same period, assuming the investment of 100 in our common stock and in both of the other indices on September 18, 2020 and the reinvestment of dividends. The performance graph uses the closing market price on September 18, 2020 of 68.35 per share as the initial value of our common stock. The stock price performance on this performance graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

Company/Index 9/18/2020 9/30/2021 12/31/2021 3/31/2022 6/30/2022 9/30/2022 12/31/2022 Unity Software Inc. 100 185 209 145 54 47 42 S P 500 Information Technology Index 100 134 156 142 113 106 111 NASDAQ 100 Technology Sector 100 140 155 135 101 93 93 
 
 Item 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Please read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are statements that attempt to forecast or anticipate future developments in our business, financial condition or results of operations. When reviewing the discussion below, you should keep in mind the substantial risks and uncertainties that could impact our business. In particular, we encourage you to review the risks and uncertainties described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors included elsewhere in this report. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements contained in this report or implied by past results and trends. Forward-looking statements, like all statements in this report, speak only as of their date (unless another date is indicated), and we undertake no obligation to update or revise these statements in light of future developments. See the section titled Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this report. 
 This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussion of 2020 and year-over-year comparisons between fiscal 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, that was filed with the SEC on February 22, 2022, and are incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Overview 
 Unity is the world s leading platform for creating and operating interactive, RT3D content. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Our platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run, and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices. 
 Our platform consists of two distinct, but connected and synergistic, sets of solutions: Create Solutions and Grow Solutions. 
 ironSource Merger 
 In November 2022, we completed the ironSource Merger. Following the transaction, ironSource forms part of our Grow Solutions (which we referred to prior to the acquisition as Operate solutions). (See below for a discussion of the changes to how we present revenue results following the ironSource Merger and Item 8 of Part II, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" Note 5 Acquisitions, for further discussion of the acquisition.) 
 Impact of Macroeconomic Trends 
 Recent negative macroeconomic factors, such as inflation and corresponding higher interest rates, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, and the softening of the advertising market has negatively impacted our business, particularly our Grow Solutions, and may continue to do so. We are managing costs in light of these factors and continuing to monitor their actual and potential direct and indirect impacts on us and our customers. The impact of these macroeconomic trends remains uncertain, and we cannot reasonably estimate the impact on our future results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition. For additional details, refer to the section titled "Risk Factors." 
 Key Metrics 
 We monitor the following key metrics to help us evaluate the health of our business, identify trends affecting our growth, formulate goals and objectives, and make strategic decisions. 
 Customers Contributing More Than 100,000 of Revenue 
 We have a history of strong growth in our customer base. We focus on the number of customers that generated more than 100,000 of revenue in the trailing 12 months, as this segment of our customer base represents the majority of our revenue and revenue growth. We expect that trend to continue. We define a customer as an individual or entity that generated revenue during the measurement period. A single organization with multiple divisions, segments, or subsidiaries is generally counted as a single customer, even though we may enter into commercial agreements with multiple parties within that organization. We had 1,340, 1052, and 793 such customers in the trailing 12 months as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, demonstrating our ability to grow our revenues with existing customers, and our strong and growing penetration of larger enterprises, including AAA gaming studios and large organizations in industries beyond gaming. We also experienced an increase of these customers as a result of the acquisition of ironSource. While these customers represented the substantial majority of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, no one customer accounted for more than 10 of our revenue for any of those years. 
 Dollar-Based Net Expansion Rate 
 Our ability to drive growth and generate incremental revenue depends, in part, on our ability to maintain and grow our relationships with our Create and Grow Solutions customers and to increase their use of our platform. We track our performance by measuring our dollar-based net expansion rate, which compares our Create and Grow Solutions revenue from the same set of customers across comparable periods, calculated on a trailing 12-month basis. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Our dollar-based net expansion rate as of a period end is calculated as current period revenue divided by prior period revenue. Prior period revenue is the trailing 12-month revenue measured as of such prior period end and includes revenue from all customers that contributed revenue during such trailing 12-month period. Current period revenue is the trailing 12-month revenue from these same customers as of the current period end. Our dollar-based net expansion rate includes the effect of any customer renewals, expansion, contraction, and churn but excludes revenue from new customers in the current period. 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Dollar-based net expansion rate 116 140 138 
 Our dollar-based net expansion rate as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was driven primarily by the sales of additional subscriptions and services to our existing Create Solutions customers and cross-selling our solutions to all of our customers. The decrease in dollar-based net expansion rate, compared to the comparable prior year periods, is attributable to Grow Solutions and follows a similar trend to the revenue decrease seen from those solutions prior to the ironSource Merger due to softness in the advertising market. 
 The chart below illustrates that our dollar-based net expansion rate has been declining over the last year with a slight rebound in the fourth quarter due to the ironSource Merger. Despite this decline, we are still maintaining strong relationships with our existing customers. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated statements of operations data for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 1,391,024 1,110,526 772,445 Cost of revenue 442,500 253,630 172,347 Gross profit 948,524 856,896 600,098 Operating expenses Research and development 959,491 695,710 403,515 Sales and marketing 497,956 344,939 216,416 General and administrative 373,290 347,912 254,979 Total operating expenses 1,830,737 1,388,561 874,910 Loss from operations (882,213) (531,665) (274,812) Interest expense (7,404) (1,131) (1,520) Interest income and other expense, net 7,192 1,566 (3,885) Loss before income taxes (882,425) (531,230) (280,217) Provision for income taxes 37,063 1,377 2,091 Net loss (919,488) (532,607) (282,308) 
 The following table sets forth the components of our consolidated statements of operations data as a percentage of revenue for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue 100 100 100 Cost of revenue 32 23 22 Gross margin 68 77 78 Operating expenses Research and development 69 63 52 Sales and marketing 36 31 28 General and administrative 27 31 33 Total operating expenses 132 125 113 Loss from operations (63) (48) (36) Interest expense (1) Interest income and other expense, net 1 (1) Loss before income taxes (63) (48) (37) Provision for income taxes 3 Net loss (66) (48) (37) 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Revenue 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we completed our acquisition of ironSource. Following the merger, we made adjustments to our internal reporting structure to focus on our two complementary and interconnected solutions: Create and Grow Solutions. Our revenue presentation for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 has been aligned with this new approach by including annual revenue of approximately 82.7 million, 74.8 million, and 70.0 million, respectively, related to Strategic Partnerships and Other in Create Solutions and moving annual revenue of approximately 125.6 million, 105.5 million, and 71.4 million, respectively, related to Unity Gaming Services, which provide hosting and cloud operations services, from Operate Solutions to Create Solutions. Create Solutions are primarily focused on content development and operations, while Grow Solutions include Unity monetization and all ironSource businesses, which in combination provide customers with a platform that encompasses testing, user acquisition, growth, and retention capabilities. 
 Create Solutions 
 We generate Create Solutions revenue primarily through our suite of Create Solutions subscriptions, enterprise support, professional services and cloud and hosting services. Our subscriptions provide customers access to technologies that allow them to edit, run, and iterate interactive, RT3D and 2D experiences that can be created once and deployed to a variety of platforms. Enhanced support services are provided to our enterprise customers and are sold separately from the Create Solutions subscriptions. Professional services are provided to our customers and include consulting, platform integration, training, and custom application and workflow development. Cloud and hosting services are provided to our customers to simplify and enhance the way our users access and harness our solutions. 
 Grow Solutions 
 We generate Grow Solutions revenue primarily through our monetization solutions, user acquisition offerings, and Supersonic, a game publishing service. Our monetization solutions allow publishers, original equipment manufacturers and mobile carriers to sell available advertising inventory on their mobile applications or hardware devices to advertisers for in-application or on-device placements. Our revenue represents the amount we retain from the transaction we are facilitating through our Unified Auction and mediation platform. Supersonic provides game developers with the infrastructure and expertise to launch their mobile games and manage their growth; this is achieved through marketability testing tools, live games management tools and game design support, and optimizing the implementation of the customer's commercial model. Through Supersonic, we generate revenue from in-app advertising in published games and in some cases, in app purchase revenue. 
 Our total revenue is summarized as follows (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Create Solutions 716,078 506,920 372,717 Grow Solutions 674,946 603,606 399,728 Total revenue 1,391,024 1,110,526 772,445 
 The increase in total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the comparable prior year period, w as primarily due to an increase in new customers, as well as growth among existing customers, within Create Solutions. Revenue from Grow Solutions increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to the ironSource Merger and inclusion of ironSource revenue from the date of acquisition in November. The increase in revenue attributable to ironSource was partially offset by declines in our monetization business year over year prior to the acquisition due to gaps in our offerings which we believe ironSource will help fill, operational challenges experienced in earlier quarters of 2022, which included data quality and accuracy delays, and external factors, including the competitive landscape, negative macroeconomic conditions including impacts on customer spending, and reduced advertiser spend. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Cost of Revenue, Gross Profit, and Gross Margin 
 Cost of revenue consists primarily of hosting expenses, personnel costs (including salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation) for employees associated with our product support and professional services organizations, allocated overhead (including facilities, information technology ("IT"), and security costs), third-party license fees, and credit card fees, as well as amortization of developed technology intangible assets, related capitalized software and depreciation of related property and equipment. 
 Gross profit, or revenue less cost of revenue, has been and will continue to be affected by various factors, including our product mix, the costs associated with third-party hosting services, and the extent to which we expand and drive efficiencies in our hosting costs, professional services, and customer support organizations. We expect our gross profit to increase in absolute dollars in the long term, but we expect our gross profit as a percentage of revenue, or gross margin, to fluctuate from period to period. 
 Cost of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased, compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily due to higher personnel-related expenses associated with increased headcount, as well as an increase of 44.6 million in amortization expenses related to developed technology intangible assets acquired through our business acquisitions and an increase of 18.8 million in hosting expenses in Grow Solutions. 
 Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased, compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily due to an increase in revenue in our Create Solutions. Gross margin decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the comparable prior year period, due to the aforementioned increases in expenses and amortization, the challenges our monetization business experienced earlier in the year, and a shift in revenue mix to lower margin services. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. The most significant component of our operating expenses is personnel-related costs, including salaries and wages, sales commissions, bonuses, benefits, stock-based compensation, and payroll taxes. Although personnel-related costs contributed to the majority of the increase in expense period over period, we are slowing down our hiring efforts and focusing on containing the growth rate of other expenses in an effort to manage costs in light of a worsening macroeconomic environment 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses primarily consist of personnel-related costs for the design and development of our platform, third-party software services, professional services, and allocated overhead. We expense research and development expenses as they are incurred. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenue from period to period as we expand our teams to develop new products, expand features and functionality with existing products, and enter new markets. 
 Research and development expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased, compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily due to higher personnel-related expenses as headcount increased to support continued product innovation and as a result of our acquisition of ironSource. Amortization expense related to intangible assets acquired through our business acquisitions increased by approximately 64.0 million. The increase was further driven, to a lesser extent, by higher hosting expenses and travel and conference expenditures due to the softening of COVID-19 restrictions. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Sales and Marketing 
 Our sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs; advertising and marketing programs, including digital account-based marketing, user events such as developer-centric conferences and our annual Unite user conferences; and allocated overhead. We expect that our sales and marketing expense will increase in absolute dollars as we hire additional personnel, increase our account-based marketing, direct marketing and community outreach activities, invest in additional tools and technologies, and continue to build brand awareness. Our expenses may fluctuate as a percentage of revenue from period to period. 
 Sales and marketing expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 i ncreased, compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily due to higher personnel-related expenses as headcount increased to support the growth of our sales and marketing teams and as a result of our acquisition of ironSource. Amortization expense related to intangible assets acquired through our business acquisitions increased by approximately 45.0 million. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2022 was further driven, to a lesser extent, by increased travel and conference expenditures due to the softening of COVID-19 restrictions. 
 General and Administrative 
 Our general and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel-related costs for finance, legal, human resources, IT and administrative employees; professional fees for external legal, accounting and other professional services; and allocated overhead. We expect that our general and administrative expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenue from period to period as we scale to support the growth of our business. 
 General and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased, compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily due to higher personnel-related expenses as headcount increased as a result of our acquisition of ironSource, as well as an increase in acquisition-related expenses of approximately 27.0 million. This increase was partially offset by a one-time charge of approximately 50.0 million for the termination of a future lease contract in 2021. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists primarily of interest expense associated with interest accrued on our convertible debt and our amortization of convertible debt issuance costs. 
 Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased, compared to the comparable prior year period, due to our debt issuance costs amortization and interest accrued on our interest-bearing convertible debt issued in 2022. 
 Interest Income and Other Expense, Net 
 Interest income and other expense, net, consists primarily of interest income earned on our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, amortization of premium arising at acquisition of short-term investments, foreign currency remeasurement gains and losses, and foreign currency transaction gains and losses. As we have expanded our global operations, our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currencies has increased, and we expect this to continue. 
 Interest income and other expense, net, for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased, compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily due to interest income earned on investments and time deposit accounts and amortization of premium related to investments. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Provision for income taxes consists primarily of income taxes in certain foreign jurisdictions where we conduct business. We have a valuation allowance against certain of our deferred tax assets, including NOL carryforwards and tax credits related primarily to research and development. Our overall effective income tax rate in future periods may be affected by the geographic mix of earnings in the countries in which we operate. Our future effective tax rate may also be affected by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, or changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles in the jurisdictions in which we conduct business. See Note 13, "Income Taxes," of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased primarily due to the tax expense recognized as a result of a base-erosion and anti-abuse tax ("BEAT") mainly arising as a result of mandatory research and development capitalization under the IRC Section 174. Also, we maintained a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets in the U.K. and China. 
 Following our acquisition of ironSource, the Company undertook certain tax restructuring efforts as part of the integration of the acquired business. As a result of the restructuring, we recognized 192.2 million of US federal and state deferred tax liabilities, which reduce our need for a valuation allowance in the U.S., except for timing differences that resulted in 11.6 million of income tax expense. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 To supplement our consolidated financial statements prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, we use certain non-GAAP financial measures, as described below, to evaluate our ongoing operations and for internal planning and forecasting purposes. We believe the following non-GAAP measures are useful in evaluating our operating performance. We are presenting these non-GAAP financial measures because we believe, when taken collectively, they may be helpful to investors because they provide consistency and comparability with past financial performance. In the future, we may also exclude non-recurring expenses and other expenses that do not reflect our overall operating results. 
 However, non-GAAP financial measures have limitations in their usefulness to investors because they have no standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and are not prepared under any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles. In addition, other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate similarly-titled non-GAAP financial measures differently or may use other measures to evaluate their performance, all of which could reduce the usefulness of our non-GAAP financial measures as tools for comparison. As a result, our non-GAAP financial measures are presented for supplemental informational purposes only and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 In addition, we have used the non-GAAP financial measures below through fiscal year 2022. In fiscal year 2023, we are preparing to replace non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP loss from operations, non-GAAP net loss, and non-GAAP net loss per share with adjusted gross profit and adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted gross profit will be defined as gross profit excluding expenses associated with equity compensation, restructurings, depreciation, and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA will be defined as net income or loss excluding benefits or expenses associated with equity compensation, acquisitions, restructurings, interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization. We expect to present, reconcile, and further define these measures in our first quarterly report on Form 10-Q in fiscal 2023. 
 Non-GAAP Gross Profit and Non-GAAP Loss from Operations 
 We define non-GAAP gross profit as gross profit excluding stock-based compensation expense, employer tax related to employee stock transactions, and amortization of acquired intangible assets expense and restructuring charges. We define non-GAAP loss from operations as loss from operations excluding stock-based compensation expense, employer tax related to employee stock transactions, amortization of acquired intangible assets expense, costs incurred in connection with the formation of Unity China, acquisition-related cost, restructuring charges, legal settlement costs, and a one-time expense for the termination of a future lease agreement. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 We use non-GAAP gross profit and non-GAAP loss from operations in conjunction with traditional GAAP measures to evaluate our financial performance. We believe that non-GAAP gross profit and non-GAAP loss from operations provide our management and investors consistency and comparability with our past financial performance and facilitates period-to-period comparisons of operations, as these metrics exclude expenses that we do not consider to be indicative of our overall operating performance. 
 Non-GAAP gross profit and non-GAAP loss from operations have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 
 they exclude expense associated with our equity compensation plans, although equity compensation has been, and will continue to be, an important part of our compensation strategy; 
 non-GAAP gross profit and non-GAAP loss from operations excludes the expense of amortization of acquired intangible assets, and although these are non-cash expenses, the assets being amortized may have to be replaced in the future and non-GAAP gross profit and non-GAAP loss from operations does not reflect cash expenditure for such replacements; 
 non-GAAP loss from operations excludes costs incurred in connection with the formation of Unity China; 
 non-GAAP loss from operations excludes costs incurred from our acquisitions; 
 non-GAAP gross profit and non-GAAP loss from operations excludes costs incurred from restructuring activities that we initiated during the year ended December 31, 2022; 
 non-GAAP loss from operations excludes costs incurred from legal settlements that we anticipate recovering through insurance in a later period; 
 non-GAAP loss from operations excludes expense for the termination of a future lease agreement, although there is no guarantee that the company will not incur similar expenses in the future; and 
 the expenses and other items that we exclude in our calculation of non-GAAP gross profit and non-GAAP loss from operations may differ from the expenses and other items, if any, that other companies may exclude from this measure or similarly titled measures, which reduces their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of our non-GAAP gross profit to our GAAP gross profit, the most directly comparable measure as determined in accordance with GAAP, for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 GAAP gross profit 948,524 856,896 Add: Stock-based compensation expense 57,271 24,811 Employer tax related to employee stock transactions 2,587 5,434 Amortization of intangible assets expense 46,942 2,274 Restructuring charges 576 Non-GAAP gross profit 1,055,900 889,415 GAAP gross margin 68 77 Non-GAAP gross margin 76 80 
 The year-over-year decrease in non-GAAP gross margin was primarily due to product mix of revenues, including a lower mix from Grow Solutions and an increase of personnel-related costs to support Professional Services and Weta Digital. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of our non-GAAP loss from operations to our GAAP loss from operations, the most directly comparable measure as determined in accordance with GAAP, for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 GAAP loss from operations (882,213) (531,665) Add: Stock-based compensation expense 537,818 347,159 Employer tax related to employee stock transactions 19,859 50,574 Amortization of intangible assets expense 172,551 33,483 Costs incurred in connection with the formation of Unity China 6,138 Acquisition-related costs 41,465 14,803 Restructuring charges 11,008 Legal settlement costs 3,250 Lease termination expense 49,795 Non-GAAP loss from operations (90,124) (35,851) 
 The year-over-year change in our non-GAAP loss from operations was primarily due to slower revenue growth, outpaced by our operating expenses, which were driven by an increase in headcount across the entire company to support investments in the business. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Non-GAAP Net Loss and Non-GAAP Net Loss per Share 
 We define non-GAAP net loss and non-GAAP net loss per share as net loss and net loss per share excluding stock-based compensation expense, employer tax related to employee stock transactions, amortization of acquired intangible assets expense, expenses associated with the termination of a future lease agreement, costs incurred in connection with the formation of Unity China, legal settlement costs, restructuring charges, and acquisition-related costs as well as the related tax effects of these items. We use non-GAAP net loss and non-GAAP net loss per share in conjunction with traditional GAAP measures to evaluate our financial performance. We believe that these non-GAAP measures provide our management and investors consistency and comparability with our past financial performance and facilitates period-to-period comparisons of operations. 
 Non-GAAP net loss and non-GAAP net loss per share have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 
 they exclude expense associated with our equity compensation plans, although equity compensation has been, and will continue to be, an important part of our compensation strategy; 
 they exclude the expense of amortization of acquired intangible assets, and although these are non-cash expenses, the assets being amortized may have to be replaced in the future and non-GAAP loss from operations does not reflect cash expenditure for such replacements; 
 they exclude costs incurred from restructuring activities that we initiated during the year ended December 31, 2022; 
 they exclude costs incurred from legal settlement that we anticipate recovering through insurance in a later period; 
 they exclude the expenses associated with the termination of a future lease agreement, although there is no guarantee that the company will not incur similar expenses in the future; 
 they exclude the costs incurred in connection with the formation of Unity China; 
 they exclude the costs incurred from our acquisitions; 
 as further described below, we must make certain assumptions in order to determine the income tax effect adjustment for non-GAAP net loss, which assumptions may not prove to be accurate; and 
 the expenses and other items that we exclude in our calculation of non-GAAP net loss and non-GAAP net loss per share may differ from the expenses and other items, if any, that other companies may exclude from this measure or similarly titled measures, which reduces their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 Income Tax Effects of Non-GAAP Adjustments 
 We utilize a fixed annual projected tax rate in our computation of non-GAAP income tax effects to provide better consistency across interim reporting periods. In projecting this non-GAAP tax rate, we utilize a financial projection that excludes the direct impact of the non-GAAP adjustments described above, and eliminates the effects of non-recurring and period specific items which can vary in size and frequency. The projected rate considers other factors such as our current operating structure, existing tax positions in various jurisdictions, and key legislation in major jurisdictions where we operate. For the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, the non-GAAP tax rate was (18 ), (22) , and (17) , respectively. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of our non-GAAP net loss and non-GAAP net loss per share to our GAAP net loss and GAAP net loss per share, respectively, which are the most directly comparable measures as determined in accordance with GAAP, for the periods presented (in thousands, except per share data ): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 GAAP net loss (919,488) (532,607) Add: Stock-based compensation expense 537,818 347,159 Employer tax related to employee stock transactions 19,859 50,574 Amortization of intangible assets expense 172,551 33,483 Costs incurred in connection with the formation of Unity China 6,138 Acquisition-related costs 41,465 14,803 Restructuring charges 11,008 Legal settlement costs 3,250 Lease termination expense 49,795 Income tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments 21,254 (6,415) Non-GAAP net loss (106,145) (43,208) GAAP net loss per share attributable to our common stockholders, basic and diluted (2.96) (1.89) Total impact on net loss per share, basic and diluted, from non-GAAP adjustments 2.62 1.73 Non-GAAP net loss per share attributable to our common stockholders, basic and diluted (0.34) (0.16) Weighted-average common shares used in GAAP net loss per share computation, basic and diluted 310,504 282,195 Weighted-average common shares used in non-GAAP net loss per share computation, basic and diluted 310,504 282,195 
 Free Cash Flow 
 We define free cash flow as net cash (used in) provided by operating activities less cash used for purchases of property and equipment. We believe that free cash flow is a useful indicator of liquidity as it measures our ability to generate cash, or our need to access additional sources of cash, to fund operations and investments. 
 Free cash flow has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 
 it is not a substitute for net cash (used in) provided by operating activities; 
 other companies may calculate free cash flow or similarly titled non-GAAP measures differently or may use other measures to evaluate their performance, all of which could reduce the usefulness of free cash flow as a tool for comparison; and 
 the utility of free cash flow is further limited as it does not reflect our future contractual commitments and does not represent the total increase or decrease in our cash balance for any given period. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of free cash flow to net cash used in operating activities, the most directly comparable measure as determined in accordance with GAAP, for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash used in operating activities (59,431) (111,449) Less: Purchases of property and equipment (57,138) (41,938) Free cash flow (116,569) (153,387) 
 The year-over-year improvement in free cash flow was primarily due to the receipt of four years of license fees of approximately 200.0 million from Weta FX, which was connected to the acquisition of certain assets from Weta Digital, partially offset by the payment in 2022 of the corporate bonus for the year ended December 31, 2021, our net loss, prepayments of software licenses, and an increase in working capital as our business grows. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, our principal sources of liquidity were cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments totaling 1.6 billion, which were primarily held for working capital purposes. Our cash equivalents and short-term investments are invested primarily in fixed income securities, including government and investment-grade debt securities and money market funds. 
 Our material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations consists of our convertible notes, obligations under operating leases for office space, and contractual obligations for hosting services to support our business operations. See Item 8 of Part II, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 10 Commitments and Contingencies" for additional discussion of our principal contractual commitments. In July 2022, our board of directors approved our Share Repurchase Program, which authorized the repurchase of up to 2.5 billion of shares of our common stock in open market transactions through November 2024. As of December 31, 2022, 1.0 billion remains available for future share repurchases under this program. 
 In connection with the ironSource Merger in November 2022, we issued 1.0 billion in aggregate amount of 2.0 convertible notes due 2027 (the "2027 Notes"), the proceeds of which were used to fund repurchases under our share repurchase program. We previously issued 1.7 billion in aggregate principal amount of 0 convertible senior notes due 2027 in November 2021 (together with the 2027 Notes, the "Notes"). See Note 9, "Borrowings," of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Since our inception, we have generated losses from our operations as reflected in our accumulated deficit of 2.2 billion as of December 31, 2022. We expect to continue to incur operating losses on a GAAP basis for the foreseeable future due to the investments we will continue to make in research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative. As a result, we may require additional capital to execute our strategic initiatives to grow our business. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 We believe our existing sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months. We believe we will meet longer-term expected future cash requirements and obligations through a combination of cash flows from operating activities, available cash balances, and potential future equity or debt transactions. Our future capital requirements, however, will depend on many factors, including our growth rate; the timing and extent of spending to support our research and development efforts; capital expenditures to build out new facilities and purchase hardware and software; the expansion of sales and marketing activities; and our continued need to invest in our IT infrastructure to support our growth. In addition, we may enter into additional strategic partnerships as well as agreements to acquire or invest in complementary products, teams and technologies, including intellectual property rights, which could increase our cash requirements. As a result of these and other factors, we may choose or be required to seek additional equity or debt financing sooner than we currently anticipate. In addition, depending on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, and other factors, we may also from time to time seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt, including the Notes, through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity securities, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. If additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us, or at all, including as a result of macroeconomic conditions such as rising interest rates and volatility in the capital market. If we are unable to raise additional capital when required, or if we cannot expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities because we lack sufficient capital, our business, results of operations, and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 Our changes in cash flows were as follows (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (59,431) (111,449) 19,913 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 723,228 (1,837,360) (575,190) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (226,634) 1,721,002 1,701,455 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 1,926 459 673 Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 439,089 (227,348) 1,146,851 
 Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 , net cash used in operating activities was primarily due to payment in 2022 of the corporate bonus for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, our net loss, prepayments of software licenses, and an increase in working capital as our business grows, partially offset by the receipt of the prepayment of four years of license fees connected to the acquisition of certain assets from Weta Digital. Our cash flows fluctuate from period to period due to revenue seasonality, timi ng of billings, collections, and publisher payments. Historical cash flows are not necessarily indicative of our results in any future period. 
 Cash Provided by Investing Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 , net cash provided by investing activities was primarily due to sales of short-term investments offset by cash used in acquisitions, non-marketable investments, and capital expenditures. 
 Cash Used in Financing Activities 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities consisted of cash used to repurchase and retire common stock, partially offset by net proceeds from the issuance of the 2027 Notes, capital contributions from non-controlling interest holders, and proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee equity plans. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These principles require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and related disclosures. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and our actual results, our future financial statements will be affected. 
 The critical accounting estimates, assumptions and judgements that we believe have the most significant impact on our consolidated financial statements are described below. 
 Re venue Recognition 
 Subscriptions to our Create Solutions provide customers with software, embedded cloud functionality, and software updates. Significant judgment is required to determine the level of integration and interdependencies among the individual promises included in our Create Solutions subscriptions. This determination influences whether the software is a distinct and separate performance obligation that should be recognized at a point in time or whether the software should be combined with other promises and recognized over time. Given that the software and software updates are highly interdependent and interrelated, we have concluded that the two promises would be combined as a single performance obligation and recognized over time. We consider the embedded cloud functionality to be a separate performance obligation, however, its pattern of performance aligns with the software and software updates, which enables us to treat the subscription agreements as one performance obligation that is recognized ratably over the term of the agreement. 
 When contracts contain multiple element performance obligations, an allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation is done based on a relative stand-alone selling price ("SSP"). Judgment is required to determine SSP. Generally, we determine SSP using observable pricing, which takes into consideration market conditions and customer specific factors. When observable pricing is not available, we use cost plus margin analysis to determine SSP. 
 For advertisements placed through our Grow Solutions networks, we evaluate whether we are the principal, where revenue would be reported on a gross basis, or the agent, where revenue would be reported on a net basis. This evaluation of whether to present revenue on a gross or net basis requires significant judgment. We present revenue on a gross basis for advertising sales where we are the publisher and have control of the in-app placement. Alternatively, we present revenue on a net basis for sales where we are facilitating the transaction between advertisers and publishers and do not have control over in-app placement. 
 Accounting for Business Combinations 
 We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. Accounting for business combinations requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made are reasonable, they are based in part on historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. Examples of critical estimates used in valuing certain of the intangible assets we have acquired or may acquire in the future include but are not limited to: future expected revenues and cash flows from acquired intangible assets; the economic life used on acquired company s trade name, trademark, existing customer relationship, and contractual relationship, as well as assumptions about the period of time the acquired trade name and trademark will continue to be used in our product portfolio; the expected use of the acquired intangible assets; and the discount rates. Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur which may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Income Taxes 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes and income tax assets and liabilities, including evaluating uncertainties in the application of accounting principles and complex tax laws. 
 We use the asset and liability method under Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 740, Income Taxes, when accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax expense or benefit is the result of changes in the deferred tax asset and liability. 
 We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the net amount that we believe is more likely than not to be realized. We consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, including historical levels of income, expectations and risks associated with estimates of future taxable income, and ongoing tax planning strategies in assessing the need for a valuation allowance. 
 We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if we believe that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. Although we believe that we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions (including net interest and penalties), we can provide no assurance that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be materially different. We make adjustments to these reserves in accordance with the income tax accounting guidance when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made, and could have a material impact on our financial condition and operating results. We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within income tax expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Foreign currency exchange risk 
 The vast majority of our cash generated from revenue is denominated in U.S. dollars, with a small amount denominated in foreign currencies. Our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies of the jurisdictions in which we conduct our operations. Our results of current and future operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We enter into forward currency contracts to hedge our foreign currency exposure. The effect of a hypothetical 10 change in foreign currency exchange rates applicable to our business would not have had a material impact on our historical consolidated financial statements. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 UNITY SOFTWARE INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 62 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 65 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 66 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 71 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Unity Software Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Unity Software Inc. (the Company) as of December 31 2022, and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion . 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Revenue Recognition Description of the Matter As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, revenue is recognized when the Company's contractual performance obligations are satisfied, in an amount that reflects the consideration expected. Significant judgment is required to determine the level of integration and interdependencies among the individual promises included in the Company s Create Solutions subscriptions. This determination influences whether the software is a distinct and separate performance obligation that should be recognized at a point in time or whether the software should be combined with other promises and recognized over time. Management has concluded that the Company s software subscription is a single combined performance obligation because the software and software updates are highly interdependent and interrelated. As such, the combined performance obligation is recognized over the contract term as the subscription is delivered. 
 
 Auditing the Company s determination whether the promises included in the Company s Create Solutions subscriptions should be accounted for as distinct performance obligations or as one combined performance obligation required a significant level of auditor judgment. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company's determination of performance obligations. We also obtained an understanding of the Company s Create Solutions subscriptions and tested the application of the revenue recognition accounting model to determine distinct performance obligations. Our audit procedures also included, among others, assessing the nature, level of integration and interdependency between the software and software updates. We also assessed key assumptions related to the software and software updates with the Company s product specialists and further reviewed information externally available on the Company s Create Solutions subscriptions. We have also evaluated the Company s revenue disclosures in relation to these matters. 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Valuation of Acquired Intangible Assets Description of the Matter As described in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, on November 7, 2022, the Company acquired ironSource Ltd. for total purchase consideration of 2,915.6 million, of which 1,270.0 million was allocated to the fair value of acquired intangible assets. Auditing the fair value of acquired intangible assets was complex due to the significant estimation uncertainty in determining the fair value of acquired intangible assets. The significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of acquired intangible assets included forecasted revenue and discount rates. These assumptions were highly subjective and involved significant judgment as they were based on estimates of future financial performance and could be impacted by competition and technological innovation, among other factors. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the controls over the Company s acquisition accounting process, including controls over management s review of significant assumptions including forecasted revenue and discount rates used in the valuation of acquired intangible assets. To test the fair value of acquired intangible assets from these acquisitions, our audit procedures included, among others, identifying and testing the significant assumptions including forecasted revenue and discount rates used in the valuation models by assessing the historical accuracy of management s estimates of its performance and comparing assumptions to historical performance and available external data from comparable companies. Additionally, we involved our valuation specialists to assist with our evaluation of the valuation methodologies and the significant assumptions used in the valuation models, and to perform comparative calculations of the valuation. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2019. 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 UNITY SOFTWARE INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands, except par value) As of December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other Publisher payables Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Convertible notes Long-term deferred revenue Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) Redeemable noncontrolling interests Unity Software Inc. Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value: 
 Authorized shares - and 
 Issued and outstanding shares - and 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Unity Software Inc. stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 UNITY SOFTWARE INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (In thousands, except per share data) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income and other expense, net ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Provision for (benefit from) Income taxes Net loss ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Adjustments attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests Net loss attributable to Unity Software Inc. ) ) ) Basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to Unity Software Inc. Weighted-average shares used in computation of basic and diluted net loss per share 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 UNITY SOFTWARE INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes: Change in foreign currency translation adjustment Change in unrealized gains (losses) on short-term investments ) Change in unrealized gains on derivative instruments Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interests: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Foreign currency translation attributable to noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Comprehensive loss attributable to Unity Software Inc. ) ) ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 UNITY SOFTWARE INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (In thousands, except share data) Accumulated Additional Other Unity Software Inc. Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid In Comprehensive Accumulated Stockholders Noncontrolling Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Loss Deficit Equity Interest (1) 
 Equity Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Issuance of common stock Issuance of common stock in connection with initial public offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and offering costs Issuance of common stock in connection with charitable donation Issuance of common stock from employee equity plans Common stock issued in connection with acquisitions Purchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Issuance of convertible Series E preferred stock, net of issuance costs Conversion of convertible preferred stock to common stock upon initial public offering ) ) Stock based compensation expense Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 UNITY SOFTWARE INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (In thousands, except share data) Year Ended December 31, 2021 Accumulated Additional Other Unity Software Inc. Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid-In Comprehensive Accumulated Stockholders' Noncontrolling Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Loss Deficit Equity Interest (1) 
 Equity Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Cumulative effect of accounting change ) ) ) Issuance of common stock from employee equity plans Issuance of common stock for settlement of RSUs Common stock issued in connection with acquisitions Purchase of capped calls ) ) ) Stock based compensation expense Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 UNITY SOFTWARE INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (In thousands, except share data) Year Ended December 31, 2022 Accumulated Total Additional Other Unity Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid In Comprehensive Accumulated Stockholders Noncontrolling Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Loss Deficit Equity Interest (1) 
 Equity Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) Issuance of common stock from employee equity plans Issuance of common stock for settlement of RSUs Common stock issued in connection with acquisitions Purchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Stock based compensation expense Capital contribution from minority interest holder Net loss, including adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 (1) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 UNITY SOFTWARE INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Common stock charitable donation expense Stock-based compensation expense Other Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions: Accounts receivable, net ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other ) ) ) Other assets Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other ) Publisher payables ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) ) Deferred revenue Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Investing activities Purchases of short-term investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of short-term investments Proceeds from principal repayments and maturities of short-term investments Purchases of non-marketable investments ) ) ) Sales of non-marketable investments Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Acquisition of intangible assets ) Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing activities Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes Purchase of capped calls ) Proceeds from revolving loan facility Payment of principal related to revolving loan facility ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) ) Capital contribution from noncontrolling interest holders Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriting discounts, commissions, and offering costs Proceeds from issuance of convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of common stock Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock from employee equity plans Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 UNITY SOFTWARE INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds Cash paid for operating leases Supplemental disclosures of non cash investing and financing activities: Fair value of common stock issued as consideration for business and asset acquisitions Assets acquired under operating lease 
 The below table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets to the total of the same amounts shown on the consolidated statements of cash flows (in thousands): 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash, included in other assets Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 UNITY SOFTWARE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 

complementary and interconnected solutions: (1) Create Solutions and (2) Grow Solutions. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 and are billed in monthly, quarterly and annual installments, and recognized ratably over the service period. 
 Professional services revenue is primarily composed of consulting, platform integration, training, and custom application and workflow development. Revenue is recognized as services are rendered. We typically invoice our customers on a milestone basis or when promised services are delivered. 
 Our Cloud and Hosting service arrangements are based on a fixed fee or consumption-based model. For fixed fee arrangements revenue is recognized ratably over the contractual service term as our obligations are generally fulfilled evenly throughout the hosting period. For consumption-based arrangements, we recognize revenue as services are provided. 
 Grow Solutions 
 Grow Solutions revenue primarily consists of advertising services provided through our monetization solutions that allow publishers, which include mobile application developers, original equipment manufacturers ("OEM") and mobile carriers to sell available advertising inventory on their mobile applications or hardware devices to advertisers for in-app or on-device placements. We present revenue on a net basis for sales where we are facilitating the transaction between advertisers and publishers and do not have control over in-app or on-device placement and on a gross basis for advertising sales where we are the publisher and have control of the in-app or on-device placement. Advertising revenue is recognized at a point in time when the agreed upon action is completed or when the advertisement is displayed to users. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue for the delivery of software services, professional services, and advertising consists primarily of hosting expenses, personnel costs (including salaries, stock-based compensation, and benefits) for employees associated with our product support and professional services organizations, credit card fees, third-party license fees, and allocated shared costs, including facilities, IT, and security costs, as well as amortization of related capitalized software costs and depreciation of related property and equipment and amortization if acquired intangible assets. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 . We have limited historical stock option activity and therefore estimate the expected term of stock options granted using the simplified method, which represents the average of the contractual term of the stock option and its weighted-average vesting period. The expected volatility of stock options and employee stock purchase plan ("ESPP") purchases are based upon our historical volatility and the historical volatility of a number of publicly traded companies in similar industries over similar durations. We have historically not declared or paid any dividends and do not currently expect to do so in the foreseeable future. The risk-free interest rates used are based on the U.S. Department of Treasury ("U.S. Treasury") yield in effect at the time of grant for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities approximately equal to the expected term of the stock options and ESPP purchases. 
 The fair value of price-vested units ("PVUs"), which are RSUs that contain both service-based and market-based vesting conditions, is estimated using the Monte Carlo simulation model and is based on the closing stock price of our common stock on the grant date modified to reflect the impact of the market-based vesting condition, including the estimated payout level based on that condition. We do not adjust compensation cost for subsequent changes in the expected outcome of the market-based vesting conditions. 
 In connection with the acquisition of ironSource, we estimated the fair value of the assumed equity awards using a binomial lattice model. The assumed equity awards relating to future services is being recognized over the remaining service period. 
 We recognize stock-based compensation expense for RSUs, stock options, and PVUs, on a straight-line basis, over the requisite service period, generally, a vesting period of to . We recognize stock-based compensation expense related to the 2020 ESPP on a straight-line basis over the offering period. We do not estimate forfeitures but instead account for them as they occur. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, restricted cash was million and million, respectively. 
 
 . 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the allowance for uncollectible amounts was million and million, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no individual customer represented 10 or more of the aggregate receivables. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, no individual customer represented 10 or more of total revenue. 
 for computer and other hardware and for furniture. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of their estimated useful life or the remaining term of the lease. Software licenses are amortized over the shorter of their estimated useful life or license term, which is generally three to . 
 The costs of repairs and maintenance are expensed when incurred, while expenditures for refurbishments and improvements that significantly add to the productive capacity or extend the useful life of an asset are capitalized. 
 Upon retirement or sale, the cost of assets disposed of and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gain or loss is credited or charged to the consolidated statement of operations. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 . Certain contractual relationships are amortized using an accelerated method of amortization, which reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits from the intangible assets are expected to be recognized. 
 No changes to the useful lives of our intangible assets were deemed necessary during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 based on management's evaluation. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 . Management evaluates the useful lives of these assets on an annual basis and tests for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets. Capitalized implementation costs are expensed over the term of the hosting arrangement, which is the fixed, non-cancellable term of the arrangement, plus any reasonably certain renewal periods. 
 The amount of capitalized software costs and capitalized implementation costs was million and million, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2022 and million and million, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2021. Capitalized software costs are included in property and equipment, net, on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 There were no material impairments of capitalized software costs, capitalized implementation costs, intangible assets, long-lived assets, or goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 79 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

Advertising expense was approximately million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 2. 
 million, million, and million, respectively, related to Strategic Partnerships and Other in Create Solutions and moving annual revenue of approximately million, million, and million, respectively, related to Unity Games Services from Operate Solutions to Create Solutions. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Create Solutions Grow Solutions Total revenue 
 Greater China (1) 
 EMEA (2) 
 APAC (3) 
 Other Americas (4) 
 Total revenue 
 (1) Greater China includes China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan. 
 (2) Europe, the Middle East, and Africa ("EMEA"). 
 (3) Asia- Pacific , excluding Greater China ("APAC"). 
 (4) Canada and Latin America ("Other Americas"). 
 
 . As of December 31, 2022, capitalized commissions, net of amortization, included in prepaid expenses and other and other assets were million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, capitalized commissions, net of amortization, included in prepaid expenses and other and other assets were million and million, respectively. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded amortization costs of million and million, respectively, in sales and marketing expenses. We did incur any impairment losses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Contract liabilities (deferred revenue) relate to payments received in advance of performance under the contract. Revenue recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 that was included in the deferred revenue balances at January 1, 2022 was million. 
 million and relate primarily to Create Solutions subscriptions, Enterprise Support, and Strategic Partnerships. These commitments generally extend over the next one to and we expect to recognize approximately million or of this revenue during the next months. 
 
 3. 
 Money market funds Time deposits Total restricted cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments: Short-term deposits Total short-term investments 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Money market funds Total restricted cash and cash equivalents Level 2: Short-term investments: Commercial paper Asset-backed securities ) Corporate bonds ) U.S. treasury securities ) Supranational bonds ) Total short-term investments ) 
 We did not recognize any credit losses related to our available-for-sale debt securities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 There were no material realized or unrealized gains or losses, either individually or in the aggregate, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold the entirety of our available-for-sale debt securities portfolio. 
 Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements 
 We hold equity investments in certain unconsolidated entities without a readily determinable fair value. These strategic investments represent less than a ownership interest in each of the entities, and we do not have significant influence over or control of the entities. At December 31, 2022, equity investments totaled million. Approximately million of these equity investments were measured at cost. As part of the merger with ironSource, million of these equity investments were measured at fair value using the market approach. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 4. 
 in Unity China for cash consideration of million. Under the agreement and pursuant to certain conditions that include successfully completing an initial public offering of Unity China at a valuation greater than billion, the investors have the option to require us to repurchase their interest at a redemption value based on the greater of Unity China's then current equity fair value or a guaranteed floor value in the aggregate amount of million. The redeemable noncontrolling interests are initially measured at its issuance date fair value and then adjusted for its proportionate net income or loss and accreted to its estimated redemption value through the applicable redemption date, which is August 2027. We valued the combination of the investors' equity interest in Unity China and their redemption right at approximately million. The investors' equity interest was valued using a discounted cash flow analysis and market approach. The redemption right was valued using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model adjusted for probabilities of successfully completing an initial public offering. The difference between the fair value of the redeemable noncontrolling interests and cash consideration received was recognized as a customer incentive, as the equity interest holders are also customers. The customer incentive will be amortized against revenue over the term of the redemption right. 
 Subsequent and contingent to the initial investment from third-party investors, a management investor contributed million for an ownership interest of with no redemption rights. 
 The results of Unity China are included in our consolidated financial statements and were not material for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the redeemable noncontrolling interests are recorded as temporary equity on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 Initial fair value measurement of investors' equity interest and redemption right Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Adjustments for redeemable noncontrolling interests Balance at end of period 
 
 5. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 shares of our common stock valued at approximately billion, and assumed equity awards valued at approximately million for services rendered through the acquisition date. Total purchase consideration transferred was approximately billion. We recorded million in transaction costs associated with the acquisition for the year ended December 31, 2022. These costs were recorded within general and administrative expenses. 
 The revenue and earnings of the acquired business have been included in our results since the acquisition date.The revenue and income related to ironSource were million and million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Assumed equity awards Fair value of total consideration transferred Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other Property, plant, and equipment Intangible assets, net Short term investments Other assets Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other ) Publisher payables ) Deferred revenue ) Other long-term liabilities ) Total identifiable net assets assumed Goodwill (1) 
 Total 
 (1) Goodwill reflects the expected future benefits of certain synergies and acquired assembled workforce, which does not qualify for separate recognition as an identifiable intangible asset. The goodwill balance is not subject to amortization and is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 million. This consideration included a combination of approximately million in cash and the issuance of shares of our common stock valued at approximately million. An additional shares of our common stock subject to a service-based vesting condition were granted to certain employees of Mindkick; these shares of common stock are accounted for outside of the business combination and will be recognized as post-combination expense. MindKick provides 2D game creation tools and game templates with the goal of providing consumers the ability to create, play, and share their own 2D games on mobile. Prior to the completion of the acquisition, we held a minority investment in MindKick that we accounted for using the equity method of accounting. In circumstances where a business combination is achieved in stages, previously-held equity interests are remeasured at fair value. The remeasured fair value assigned to the previously-held equity interest in MindKick of million approximates cost, and therefore, no gain or loss was recognized. The identifiable assets and liabilities acquired are primarily million in goodwill, million in intangible assets, million in cash, and million) in other net assets and liabilities. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition are not material. The revenue and earnings of the acquired business have been included in our results since the acquisition date and are not material to our consolidated results. 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information 
 The following unaudited pro forma financial information presents the consolidated results of ironSource for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, giving effect to the acquisition as if it had occurred on January 1, 2021, and combines the historical financial results of ironSource. The unaudited pro forma financial information includes adjustments to give effect to pro forma events that are directly attributable to the acquisition. The pro forma financial information includes adjustments to amortization for intangible assets acquired and acquisition costs. The unaudited pro forma financial information is presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations of future periods. The unaudited pro forma financial information does not give effect to the potential impact of current financial conditions, future revenues, regulatory matters, or any anticipated synergies, operating efficiencies, or cost savings that may be associated with the acquisition. 
 Pro forma net loss ) ) 
 Pro forma results of operations for the other acquisitions have not been presented because they are not material to the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, either individually or in the aggregate. 
 2021 Acquisitions 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we completed the acquisitions of certain companies for a total purchase consideration of approximately billion payable in cash and stock. The purchase consideration was primarily allocated to goodwill of approximately billion and intangible assets of approximately million. These acquisitions were strategic in nature as they enhanced our product offerings. The revenue and earnings of the acquired businesses have been included in our results since the acquisition date. 
 Pro forma results of operations for these acquisitions have not been presented because they are not material to the consolidated statements of operations. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 6. 
 Goodwill acquired Measurement period adjustment ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Goodwill acquired Measurement period adjustment Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Intangible Assets, Net 
 ) Customer relationships ) Trademark ) Contractual relationship ) Total intangible assets ) As of December 31, 2021 Weighted-Average Useful Life (1) (In Years) 
 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Developed technology ) Customer relationships ) Trademark ) Contractual relationship ) Total intangible assets ) 
 (1) Based on weighted-average useful life established as of the acquisition date. 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 7. 
 Computer and other hardware Furniture Internally developed and purchased software Vehicles Construction in progress Total gross property and equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization (1) 
 ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 (1) The following table presents the depreciation and amortization of property and equipment included on our consolidated statements of operations (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Canada United Kingdom EMEA, excluding United Kingdom (1) 
 Other (1) 
 Total long-lived assets, net 
 (1) No individual country, other than those disclosed above, exceeded 10 of our total long-lived assets, net, for any period presented. 
 Accrued compensation Income and other taxes payable Accrued expenses and other 
 
 8. 
 , some of which include options to extend the lease with renewal terms from one to . Some leases include an option to terminate the lease for up to from the lease commencement date. 
 Short-term lease expense Variable lease expense Sublease income ) ) Total lease expense 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Current operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total operating lease liabilities 
 As of December 31, 2022, our operating leases had a weighted-average remaining lease term of years and a weighted-average discount rate of . As of December 31, 2021, our operating leases had a weighted-average remaining lease term of years and a weighted-average discount rate of . 
 Less: imputed interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 (1) Excludes future minimum payments for leases which have not yet commenced as of December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had entered into leases that have not yet commenced with future minimum lease payments of million that are not yet reflected on our consolidated balance sheets. These operating leases will commence in 2023 with lease terms of approximately five to . 
 
 9. 
 billion, net of debt issuance costs. The debt issuance costs are amortized to interest expense using the straight-line method, which approximates the effective interest method. 
 The 2027 Notes are general unsecured obligations which bear regular interest of . We may elect for additional interest to accrue on the 2027 Notes as the sole remedy for any failure by us to comply with certain reporting requirements under the Indenture. Holders of the 2027 Notes may receive additional interest under specified circumstances as outlined in the Indenture. Additional interest, if any, will be payable in the same manner as the regular interest, which is semiannually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, beginning on May 15, 2023. The 2027 Notes will mature on November 15, 2027 unless earlier converted, redeemed, or repurchased. 
 The 2027 Notes are convertible into cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election, at an initial conversion rate of 20.4526 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of 2027 Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of our common stock. The conversion rate is subject to customary adjustments for certain events as described in the Indenture governing the 2027 Notes. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 of the principal amount of 2027 Notes to be repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid additional interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. 
 We accounted for the issuance of the 2027 Notes as a single liability measured at its amortized cost, as no other embedded features require bifurcation and recognition as derivatives. 
 Unamortized debt issuance cost ) Net carrying amount 
 Interest expense on the 2027 Notes related to regular interest was million and interest expense related to the amortization of debt issuance costs was immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, no holders of the 2027 Note have exercised the conversion rights, and the if-converted value of the 2027 Notes did not exceed the principal amount. 
 2026 Notes 
 In November 2021, we issued an aggregate of billion principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the "2026 Notes"). Proceeds from the issuance of the 2026 Notes were billion, net of debt issuance costs and cash used to purchase the capped call transactions ("Capped Call Transactions") discussed below. The debt issuance costs are amortized to interest expense using the straight-line method, which approximates the effective interest method. 
 The 2026 Notes are general unsecured obligations which do not bear regular interest and for which the principal balance will not accrete. The 2026 Notes will mature on November 15, 2026 unless earlier converted, redeemed, or repurchased. 
 The 2026 Notes are convertible into cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election, at an initial conversion rate of 3.2392 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of 2026 Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of our common stock. The conversion rate is subject to customary adjustments for certain events as described in the indenture governing the 2026 Notes. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Unamortized debt issuance cost ) Net carrying amount 
 Interest expense related to the amortization of debt issuance costs was million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Capped Call Transactions 
 In connection with the pricing of the 2026 Notes, we entered into the Capped Call Transactions with certain counterparties at a net cost of million with call options totaling approximately million of our common shares, and expiration dates beginning on September 18, 2026 and ending on November 12, 2026. The strike price of the Capped Call Transactions is , and the cap price is initially per share of our common stock and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the Capped Call Transactions. The Capped Call Transactions are freestanding and are considered separately exercisable from the 2026 Notes. 
 The Capped Call Transactions are intended to reduce potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of the 2026 Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 2026 Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap based on the cap price described above. The cost of the Capped Call Transactions was recorded as a reduction of our additional paid-in capital on our consolidated balance sheets. The Capped Call Transactions will not be remeasured as long as they continue to meet the conditions for equity classification. As of December 31, 2022, the Capped Call Transactions were not in the money and met the conditions for equity classification. 
 
 10. 
 Purchase commitments (2) 
 Convertible notes (3) 
 Total 
 (1) The operating lease obligation consists of obligations for real estate 
 (2) The substantial majority of our purchase commitments are related to agreements with our data center hosting providers. 
 (3) Convertible notes due 2026 and 2027. See Note 9, "Borrowings," of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. 
 We expect to meet our remaining commitment. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 million and million of secured letters of credit outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These primarily relate to our office space leases and are fully collateralized by certificates of deposit which we record in restricted cash on our consolidated balance sheets . 
 
 11. 
 million shares of common stock under our collective compensation plans, of which million were available for future grant. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 We offer an ESPP that permits employees to purchase shares of our common stock through payroll deductions of up to of their earnings. Unless otherwise determined by the administrator, the purchase price of the shares will be of the lower of the fair market value of our common stock on (i) the first day of an offering or (ii) on the date of purchase. No participant may purchase more than shares of common stock in any one offering period. Participants may end their participation at any time during an offering and will be paid their accrued contributions that have not yet been used to purchase shares. Participation ends automatically upon termination of employment with us. 
 The maximum number of shares of our common stock that may be issued under our 2020 ESPP is million shares, of which million were available for issuance as of December 31, 2022. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 billion of shares of our common stock through November 2024. Under the Share Repurchase Program, share repurchases may be made by us from time to time in privately negotiated transactions or in open market transactions. The Share Repurchase Program does not require us to purchase a minimum number of shares, and may be suspended, modified, or discontinued at any time without prior notice. In 2022, we repurchased million shares of common stock under our Share Repurchase Program in open market transactions for an aggregate purchase price of billion. As of December 31, 2022, billion remained available for future share repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program. 
 Employee 401(k) Plan 
 We have a qualified defined contribution plan under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. U.S. full-time employees qualify for participation in the plan. Contribution to the plan is under our discretion. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we contributed and expensed million, million, and million, respectively, to the plan. 
 Defined Contribution Pension Plan 
 For other operations outside the United States, we have a defined contribution pension plan. We contribute up to of total salary into the plan annually when employees contribute to the plan. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we contributed and expensed million, million, and million, respectively, to the plan. 
 
 12. 
 Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 Unrecognized compensation expense is as follows (in thousands, except for weighted-average remaining vesting period): 
 December 31, 2022 Unrecognized Compensation Expense Weighted-Average Remaining Vesting Period (In Years) Outstanding stock options Unvested RSUs and PVUs 2020 ESPP 
 In future periods, stock-based compensation expense may increase as we issue additional equity-based awards to continue to attract and retain employees. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited, cancelled, or expired ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited, cancelled, or expired ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 (1) Includes assumed equity awards from the ironSource Merger. 
 Weighted-average grant-date fair value of stock options granted Fair value of stock options vested 
 
 (1) The intrinsic value is the difference between the estimated fair value of our common stock on the date of exercise and the exercise price for in-the-money options. 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected volatility - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected term (in years) Fair value of underlying common stock - 
 - 
 - 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested as of December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested as of December 31, 2022 
 (1) Includes assumed equity awards from the ironSource Merger. 
 The total fair value of RSUs vested as of the vesting dates during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. PVUs have vested during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Price-Vested Units 
 In October 2022, our board of directors granted to certain of our executive officers a total of PVUs for which vesting is subject to the fulfillment of both a service period that extends up to and the achievement of a stock price hurdle during the relevant performance period that extends up to . The fair value of each PVU award is estimated using a Monte Carlo stimulation that uses assumptions determined on the date of grant. 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility Expected dividend yield 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 Expected volatility - 
 Expected term (in years) Estimated fair value - 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Weighted-average price per share issued 
 shares were issued under the ESPP during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 13.) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 ) State Foreign Total current tax expense (benefit) Deferred: Federal ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Total tax provision 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. ) ) Changes in income taxes resulting from: State tax expense, net of federal benefit ) ) ) Foreign income taxed at different rates ) ) ) Federal research and development credits ) ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) Tax effects of restructuring Base-erosion and anti-abuse tax Change in valuation allowance Other ) Total tax provision 
 Our income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily driven by the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, which are taxed at rates that differ from the U.S. statutory rate, losses that cannot be benefited due to the valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets of our United States, Denmark, U.K., and China entities, base-erosion and anti-abuse tax ("BEAT") mainly arising as a result of the U.S. mandatory research and development capitalization rules. F ollowing our acquisition of ironSource, the Company undertook certain tax restructuring efforts as part of the integration of the acquired business. As a result of the restructuring, we recognized million of US federal and state deferred tax liabilities, which reduce our need for a valuation allowance in the U.S., except for timing differences that resulted in million of income tax expense. 
 Our income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily driven by the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, which are taxed at rates that differ from the U.S. statutory rate, losses that cannot be benefited due to the valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets of our United States, Denmark, and U.K. entities, gain recognized from an intercompany transaction with our subsidiary in Israel, and an income tax benefit recognized as a result of a partial release of our valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets in connection with business combinations. 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Tax credits Stock-based compensation Capitalized R D expenditures Operating lease liabilities Other Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible Asset ) ) Operating lease ROU assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets ) ) 
 (1) Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation. 
 In the tax year ended December 31, 2022, we capitalized certain research and development costs incurred by our U.S. and foreign subsidiaries, which resulted in a deferred tax asset of million. This deferred tax asset associated with capitalized research and development costs is offset by a valuation allowance and future taxable temporary differences. 
 The realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character in future periods. We regularly assess the ability to realize our deferred tax assets and establish a valuation allowance if it is more-likely-than-not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. We weigh all available positive and negative evidence, including our earnings history and results of recent operations, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies. Due to the weight of objectively verifiable negative evidence, including our history of losses, we believe that it is more likely than not that our U.S. federal, state, and certain foreign deferred tax assets will not be realized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and as such, we have maintained a full valuation allowance against such deferred tax assets. 
 In the event we determine that we will be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax assets in the future, the valuation allowance against deferred tax assets will be reversed in the period in which we make such determination. The release of a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets may cause greater volatility in the effective tax rate in the periods in which the valuation allowance is released. The valuation allowance against our U.S. federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets increased by million and million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in the valuation allowance in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was primarily related to deferred tax assets for which insufficient positive evidence exists to support their realizability, including NOL carryforwards, capitalized research and development expenses, and credits for research and development. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 million, million, and billion, respectively, with most of our foreign NOL carryforward balances arising from Denmark and the U.K. jurisdictions. The NOL carryforwards, if not utilized, will begin to expire in 2032, 2024, and 2039, respectively. Our U.S. federal, state, and foreign research and development credit carryforwards were million, million and million, respectively. The U.S. federal credit carryforwards, if not utilized, will begin to expire in 2032, while the California credit carryforwards have no expiration. The foreign credit carryforwards, if not utilized, will begin to expire in 2041. 
 Federal and state tax laws impose restrictions on the utilization of NOL and research and development credit carryforwards in the event of a change in ownership of our business as defined by the Internal Revenue Code, Sections 382 and 383. Under Section 382 and 383 of the Code, substantial changes in our ownership may limit the amount of NOL and research and development credit carryforwards that are available to offset taxable income. The annual limitation would not automatically result in the loss of NOL or research and development credit carryforwards but may limit the amount available in any given future period. 
 We are maintaining our reinvestment assertion with respect to foreign earnings for the period ended December 31, 2022, which is that all earnings are permanently reinvested for all jurisdictions. Based on our reinvestment assertion and losses from our foreign entities, we have not recorded a liability for the period ended December 31, 2022. 
 Gross increases for tax positions taken in prior years Gross decreases for tax positions taken in prior years ) ) ) Gross increases for tax positions taken in current year Acquired tax positions Reductions resulting from lapses of statues of limitations ) ) ) Foreign exchange gains and losses ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits, ending balance 
 (1) Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had unrecognized tax benefits of million and million, respectively, of which million and million would affect the effective tax rate if recognized. We recognize interest and penalties related to our unrecognized tax benefits within our provision for income taxes. The amount of interest and penalties accrued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million. 
 We are subject to taxation in the United States and various other state and foreign jurisdictions. The material jurisdictions in which we are subject to potential examination include the United States, Denmark, and Israel. Our 2012 and subsequent tax years remain open to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. Our 2018 and subsequent tax years remain open to examination in Israel and Denmark. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

14. 
 Stock options Unvested RSUs and PVUs 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None . 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act"), as of December 31, 2022. 
 Based on our evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 In November 2022, we completed the acquisition of ironSource. In accordance with the guidance issued by the SEC, companies are permitted to exclude acquisitions from their final assessment of internal control over financial reporting during the year of acquisition. As of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, ironSource s business constituted approximately 7 of our consolidated assets and 9 of our consolidated revenues. As part of our ongoing integration activities, we are in the process of incorporating internal controls over significant processes specific to ironSource that management believes are appropriate and necessary to consolidate and report the company's financial results. We expect to complete the integration activities related to internal control over financial reporting for ironSource during fiscal year 2023 and as a result, have not included ironSource within our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report, which appears in this Item under the heading "Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm." 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Except as described above with respect to ironSource, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, despite the fact that the majority of our employees are continuing to work remotely due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 (d) Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, recognizes that any control and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Unity Software Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Unity Software Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Unity Software Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 As indicated in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of ironSource Ltd., which is included in the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted 7 of total assets as of December 31, 2022 and 9 of revenue for the year then ended. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of ironSource Ltd. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 San Jose, California 
 February 27, 2023 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 PART III 
 Certain information required by Part III is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the year ended December 31, 2022 (the "Proxy Statement"). 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 We maintain a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that incorporates our code of ethics applicable to all employees, including all directors and executive officers. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is published on our Investor Relations website at investors.unity.com under "Governance." We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendments to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by posting such information on the website address and location specified above. 
 The remaining information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to information contained in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to information contained in the Proxy Statement, including "Equity Compensation Plan Information" and "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management." 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to information contained in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to information contained in the Proxy Statement. 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules. 
 Schedules not listed above have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown in the financial statements or notes herein. 
 (3) Exhibits. 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 13, 2022, by and among Unity, Merger Sub and ironSource. 
 8-K 001-39497 2.1 July 15, 2022 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 8-K 001-39497 3.1 September 22, 2020 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant 
 S-1/A 333-248255 3.4 September 9, 2020 4.1 Specimen common stock certificate of the Registrant 
 S-1/A 333-248255 4.1 September 9, 2020 4.2 Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement by and among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders, dated May 7, 2019 
 S-1 333-248255 4.2 August 24, 2020 4.3 Description of the Registrant's Securities 
 10-K 011-39497 4.3 March 5, 2021 4.4 Indenture, dated as of November 19, 2021, by and between Unity Software Inc. And U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee 
 8-K 001-39497 4.1 November 19, 2021 4.5 Form of Global Note, representing Unity Software Inc. s 0 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1) 
 8-K 011-39497 4.2 November 19, 2021 4.6 Indenture, dated as of November 8, 2022, between Unity and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee 
 8-K 011-39497 4.1 November 8, 2022 4.7 Form of 2.0 Convertible Senior Note due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.6) 
 8-K 011-39497 4.1 November 8, 2022 10.1 Unity Software Inc. 2009 Stock Plan and related form agreements 
 10-Q 001-39497 10.1 November 13, 2020 10.2 Unity Software Inc. 2019 Stock Plan and related form agreements 
 10-Q 001-39497 10.2 November 13, 2020 10.3 Unity Software Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan and related form agreements 
 10.4 Unity Software Inc. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 S-1/A 333-248255 
 10.5 September 9, 2020 10.5 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and each of its directors and executive officers 
 S-1/A 333-248255 10.1 September 9, 2020 10.6 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy 
 8-K 011-39497 99.1 March 22, 2022 10.7 Form of Confirmatory Offer Letter between Unity Technologies SF and each of Clive Downie, Ralph Hauwert, Ruth Ann Keene, Ingrid Lestiyo 
 S-1 333-248255 10.12 August 24, 2020 10.8 Unity Software Inc. Cash Incentive Bonus Plan 
 S-1 333-248255 10.16 August 24, 2020 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date 10.9 Office Lease, dated November 25, 2015, by and between 26 Third Street (SF) Owner, LLC, and Unity Technologies SF, as amended by (i) the First Amendment to Office Lease, dated January 23, 2017, by and between 26 Third Street (SF) Owner, LLC, and Unity Technologies SF, and (ii) the Second Amendment to Office Lease, dated August 1, 2018, by and between 26 Third Street (SF) Owner, LLC, and Unity Technologies SF 
 S-1 333-248255 10.7 August 24, 2020 10.10 Commercial Lease Agreement, dated September 1, 2015, by and between PFA Ejendomme A/S and Unity Technologies ApS 
 S-1 333-248255 10.8 August 24, 2020 10.11 Form of Capped Call Transactions 
 8-K 001-39497 10.1 November 19, 2021 10.12 Offer Letter Agreement, dated October 21, 2014, by and between Unity Software Inc. and John Riccitiello 
 S-1 333-248255 10.10 August 24, 2020 10.13 Unity Software Inc. G A Executive Severance Plan 
 S-1 333-248255 10.14 August 24, 2020 10.14 Unity Software Inc. Senior Executive Severance Plan 
 S-1 333-248255 10.15 August 24, 2020 10.15 Offer letter and addendum, dated January 8, 2021, by and between Unity Technologies SF and Marc Whitten 
 10-Q 001-39497 10.1 May 12, 2021 10.16 Offer Letter, dated March 15, 2021, by and between Unity Technologies SF and Luis Felipe Visoso 
 8-K 001-39497 10.1 March 17, 2021 10.17 Offer Letter, dated February 22, 2022, by and between Unity Technologies SF and Carol Carpenter 
 10.18 Offer Letter, dated November 23, 2022, by and between Unity Technologies SF and Anirma Gupta 
 10.19 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 7, 2022, by and among Unity and the holders listed thereto 
 8-K 001-39497 10.1 November 7, 2022 10.20 Investment Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2022, by and between Unity, Silver Lake Alpine II, L.P., Silver Lake Partners VI, L.P. and Sequoia Capital Fund, L.P. 
 8-K 001-39497 10.3 July 15, 2022 10.21 Unity Software Inc. IronSource Share Incentive Plan and related form agreements 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (incorporated by reference to the signatures page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 
 31.1 Section 302 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 31.2 Section 302 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 32.1 # Section 906 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit Form File Number Exhibit Filing Date 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith. Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. # The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be deemed filed by the Registrant for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any of the Registrant s filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in any such filing. 
 (b) Exhibits. 
 See Exhibit Index included in Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules. 
 All schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 UNITY SOFTWARE INC. Date: February 27, 2023 By: /s/ Luis Visoso Luis Visoso Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 Unity Software Inc. 

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints John Riccitiello, Luis Visoso, and Nora Go, and each one of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in their name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ John Riccitiello 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, and Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 February 27, 2023 John Riccitiello (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Luis Visoso 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 February 27, 2023 Luis Visoso (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Mark Barrysmith 
 Chief Accounting Officer February 27, 2023 Mark Barrysmith 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Tomer Bar-Zeev Director February 27, 2023 Tomer Bar-Zeev /s/ Roelof Botha 
 Director February 27, 2023 Roelof Botha /s/ Mary Schmidt Campbell 
 Director February 27, 2023 Mary Schmidt Campbell, Ph.D. /s/ Shlomo Dovrat Director February 27, 2023 Shlomo Dovrat /s/ Egon Durban 
 Director February 27, 2023 Egon Durban /s/ David Helgason 
 Director February 27, 2023 David Helgason /s/ David Kostman Director February 27, 2023 David Kostman /s/ Michelle Lee Director February 27, 2023 Michelle Lee /s/ Barry Schuler 
 Director February 27, 2023 Barry Schuler /s/ Robynne Sisco 
 Director February 27, 2023 Robynne Sisco /s/ Keisha Smith-Jeremie 
 Director February 27, 2023 Keisha Smith-Jeremie 
 
 110 

<EX-10.3>
 2
 ex-1032020equityincentivep.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 

Exhibit 10.3 
 Unity Software Inc. 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Adopted by the Board of Directors August 14, 2020 
 Approved by the Stockholders September 5, 2020 
 1. GENERAL. 
 (a) Successor to and Continuation of Prior Plans. The Plan is the successor to and continuation of the Prior Plans. As of the Effective Time, (i) no additional awards may be granted under the Prior Plans (ii) the Prior Plans Available Reserve (plus any Returning Shares) will become available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under this Plan and (iii) all outstanding awards granted under the Prior Plans will remain subject to the terms of the Prior Plans (except to the extent such outstanding awards result in Returning Shares that become available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under this Plan). All Awards granted under this Plan will be subject to the terms of this Plan. 
 (b) Plan Purpose. The Company, by means of the Plan, seeks to secure and retain the services of Employees, Directors and Consultants, to provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and any Affiliate and to provide a means by which such persons may be given an opportunity to benefit from increases in value of the Common Stock through the granting of Awards. 
 (c) Available Awards. The Plan provides for the grant of the following Awards (i) Incentive Stock Options (ii) Nonstatutory Stock Options (iii) SARs (iv) Restricted Stock Awards (v) RSU Awards (vi) Performance Awards and (vii) Other Awards. 
 (d) Adoption Date Effective Time. The Plan will come into existence on the Adoption Date, but no Award may be granted prior to the Effective Time. 
 2. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN. 
 (a) Share Reserve . Subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 2(c) and any adjustments as necessary to implement any Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Awards will not exceed 83,624,892 shares, which number is the sum of (i) 26,440,457 new shares, plus (ii) a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Prior Plans Available Reserve, plus (iii) a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Returning Shares, if any, as such shares become available from time to time. In addition, subject to any adjustments as necessary to implement any Capitalization Adjustments, such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock will automatically increase on January 1 of each year for a period of ten years commencing on January 1, 2021 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2030, in an amount equal to 5 of the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding year provided, however, that the Board may act prior to January 1st of a given year to provide that the increase for such year will be a lesser number of shares of Common Stock. 
 (b) Aggregate Incentive Stock Option Limit . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2(a) and subject to any adjustments as necessary to implement any Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options is 250,874,676 shares. 
 1 

(c) Share Reserve Operation . 
 (i) Limit Applies to Common Stock Issued Pursuant to Awards. For clarity, the Share Reserve is a limit on the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Awards and does not limit the granting of Awards, except that the Company will keep available at all times the number of shares of Common Stock reasonably required to satisfy its obligations to issue shares pursuant to such Awards. Shares may be issued in connection with a merger or acquisition as permitted by, as applicable, Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c), NYSE Listed Company Manual Section 303A.08, NYSE American Company Guide Section 711 or other applicable rule, and such issuance will not reduce the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan. 
 (ii) Actions that Do Not Constitute Issuance of Common Stock and Do Not Reduce Share Reserve. The following actions do not result in an issuance of shares under the Plan and accordingly do not reduce the number of shares subject to the Share Reserve and available for issuance under the Plan (1) the expiration or termination of any portion of an Award without the shares covered by such portion of the Award having been issued, (2) the settlement of any portion of an Award in cash (i.e., the Participant receives cash rather than Common Stock), (3) the withholding of shares that would otherwise be issued by the Company to satisfy the exercise, strike or purchase price of an Award or (4) the withholding of shares that would otherwise be issued by the Company to satisfy a tax withholding obligation in connection with an Award. 
 (iii) Reversion of Previously Issued Shares of Common Stock to Share Reserve. The following shares of Common Stock previously issued pursuant to an Award and accordingly initially deducted from the Share Reserve will be added back to the Share Reserve and again become available for issuance under the Plan (1) any shares that are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of a failure to meet a contingency or condition required for the vesting of such shares (2) any shares that are reacquired by the Company to satisfy the exercise, strike or purchase price of an Award and (3) any shares that are reacquired by the Company to satisfy a tax withholding obligation in connection with an Award. 
 3. ELIGIBILITY AND LIMITATIONS. 
 (a) Eligible Award Recipients. Subject to the terms of the Plan, Employees, Directors and Consultants are eligible to receive Awards. 
 (b) Specific Award Limitations. 
 (i) Limitations on Incentive Stock Option Recipients. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees of the Company or a parent corporation or subsidiary corporation thereof (as such terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and (f) of the Code). 
 (ii) Incentive Stock Option 100,000 Limitation. To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Optionholder during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Affiliates) exceeds 100,000 (or such other limit established in the Code) or otherwise does not comply with the rules governing Incentive Stock Options, the Options or portions thereof that exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) or otherwise do not comply with such rules will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the applicable Option Agreement(s). 
 (iii) Limitations on Incentive Stock Options Granted to Ten Percent Stockholders. A Ten Percent Stockholder may not be granted an Incentive Stock Option unless (i) the exercise price of such Option is at least 110 of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant of such Option and (ii) the Option is not exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date of grant of such Option. 
 2 

(iv) Limitations on Nonstatutory Stock Options and SARs. Nonstatutory Stock Options and SARs may not be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants who are providing Continuous Service only to any parent of the Company (as such term is defined in Rule 405) unless the stock underlying such Awards is treated as service recipient stock under Section 409A because the Awards are granted pursuant to a corporate transaction (such as a spin off transaction) or unless such Awards otherwise comply with the distribution requirements of Section 409A. 
 (c) Aggregate Incentive Stock Option Limit. The aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options is the number of shares specified in Section 2(b). 
 (d) Non-Employee Director Compensation Limit. The aggregate value of all compensation granted or paid, as applicable, to any individual for service as a Non-Employee Director with respect to any calendar year, including Awards granted and cash fees paid by the Company to such Non-Employee Director, will not exceed (i) 750,000 in total value or (ii) in the event such Non-Employee Director is first appointed or elected to the Board during such calendar year, 1,000,000 in total value, in each case calculating the value of any equity awards based on the grant date fair value of such equity awards for financial reporting purposes. For avoidance of doubt, compensation will count towards this limit for the calendar year in which it was granted or earned, and not later when distributed, in the event it is deferred. 
 4. OPTIONS AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS. 
 Each Option and SAR will have such terms and conditions as determined by the Board. Each Option will be designated in writing as an Incentive Stock Option or Nonstatutory Stock Option at the time of grant provided, however, that if an Option is not so designated, then such Option will be a Nonstatutory Stock Option, and the shares purchased upon exercise of each type of Option will be separately accounted for. Each SAR will be denominated in shares of Common Stock equivalents. The terms and conditions of separate Options and SARs need not be identical provided, however, that each Option Agreement and SAR Agreement will conform (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the Award Agreement or otherwise) to the substance of each of the following provisions 
 (a) Term. Subject to Section 3(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, no Option or SAR will be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the date of grant of such Award or such shorter period specified in the Award Agreement. 
 (b) Exercise or Strike Price. Subject to Section 3(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, the exercise or strike price of each Option or SAR will not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant of such Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option or SAR may be granted with an exercise or strike price lower than 100 of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant of such Award if such Award is granted pursuant to an assumption of or substitution for another option or stock appreciation right pursuant to a Corporate Transaction and in a manner consistent with the provisions of Sections 409A and, if applicable, 424(a) of the Code. 
 (c) Exercise Procedure and Payment of Exercise Price for Options. In order to exercise an Option, the Participant must provide notice of exercise to the Plan Administrator in accordance with the procedures specified in the Option Agreement or otherwise provided by the Company. The Board has the authority to grant Options that do not permit all of the following methods of payment (or otherwise restrict the ability to use certain methods) and to grant Options that require the consent of the Company to utilize a particular method of payment. The exercise price of an Option may be paid, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law and as determined by the Board, by one or more of the following methods of payment to the extent set forth in the Option Agreement 
 (i) by cash or check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company 
 (ii) pursuant to a cashless exercise program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of the Common Stock subject to the Option, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds 
 3 

(iii) by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of shares of Common Stock that are already owned by the Participant free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, with a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise that does not exceed the exercise price, provided that (1) at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, (2) any remaining balance of the exercise price not satisfied by such delivery is paid by the Participant in cash or other permitted form of payment, (3) such delivery would not violate any Applicable Law or agreement restricting the redemption of the Common Stock, (4) any certificated shares are endorsed or accompanied by an executed assignment separate from certificate, and (5) such shares have been held by the Participant for any minimum period necessary to avoid adverse accounting treatment as a result of such delivery 
 (iv) if the Option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise that does not exceed the exercise price, provided that (1) such shares used to pay the exercise price will not be exercisable thereafter and (2) any remaining balance of the exercise price not satisfied by such net exercise is paid by the Participant in cash or other permitted form of payment or 
 (v) in any other form of consideration that may be acceptable to the Board and permissible under Applicable Law. 
 (d) Exercise Procedure and Payment of Appreciation Distribution for SARs. In order to exercise any SAR, the Participant must provide notice of exercise to the Plan Administrator in accordance with the SAR Agreement. The appreciation distribution payable to a Participant upon the exercise of a SAR will not be greater than an amount equal to the excess of (i) the aggregate Fair Market Value on the date of exercise of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Common Stock equivalents that are vested and being exercised under such SAR, over (ii) the strike price of such SAR. Such appreciation distribution may be paid to the Participant in the form of Common Stock or cash (or any combination of Common Stock and cash) or in any other form of payment, as determined by the Board and specified in the SAR Agreement. 
 (e) Transferability. Options and SARs may not be transferred to third party financial institutions for value. The Board may impose such additional limitations on the transferability of an Option or SAR as it determines. In the absence of any such determination by the Board, the following restrictions on the transferability of Options and SARs will apply, provided that except as explicitly provided herein, neither an Option nor a SAR may be transferred for consideration and provided, further, that if an Option is an Incentive Stock Option, such Option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer 
 (i) Restrictions on Transfer. An Option or SAR will not be transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and will be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant provided, however, that the Board may permit transfer of an Option or SAR in a manner that is not prohibited by applicable tax and securities laws upon the Participant s request, including to a trust if the Participant is considered to be the sole beneficial owner of such trust (as determined under Section 671 of the Code and applicable U.S. state law) while such Option or SAR is held in such trust, provided that the Participant and the trustee enter into a transfer and other agreements required by the Company. 
 (ii) Domestic Relations Orders . Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to the execution of transfer documentation in a format acceptable to the Company and subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, an Option or SAR may be transferred pursuant to a domestic relations order. 
 (f) Vesting. The Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting and or exercisability of an Option or SAR as determined by the Board. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company, vesting of Options and SARs will cease upon termination of the Participant s Continuous Service. 
 4 

(g) Termination of Continuous Service for Cause . Except as explicitly otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the Participant s Options and SARs will terminate and be forfeited immediately upon such termination of Continuous Service, and the Participant will be prohibited from exercising any portion (including any vested portion) of such Awards on and after the date of such termination of Continuous Service and the Participant will have no further right, title or interest in such forfeited Award, the shares of Common Stock subject to the forfeited Award, or any consideration in respect of the forfeited Award. 
 (h) Post-Termination Exercise Period Following Termination of Continuous Service for Reasons Other than Cause . Subject to Section 4(i), if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than for Cause, the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR to the extent vested, but only within the following period of time or, if applicable, such other period of time provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company provided, however, that in no event may such Award be exercised after the expiration of its maximum term (as set forth in Section 4(a)) 
 (i) three months following the date of such termination if such termination is a termination without Cause (other than any termination due to the Participant s Disability or death) 
 (ii) 12 months following the date of such termination if such termination is due to the Participant s Disability 
 (iii) 12 months following the date of such termination if such termination is due to the Participant s death or 
 (iv) 12 months following the date of the Participant s death if such death occurs following the date of such termination but during the period such Award is otherwise exercisable (as provided in (i) or (ii) above). 
 Following the date of such termination, to the extent the Participant does not exercise such Award within the applicable Post-Termination Exercise Period (or, if earlier, prior to the expiration of the maximum term of such Award), such unexercised portion of the Award will terminate, and the Participant will have no further right, title or interest in terminated Award, the shares of Common Stock subject to the terminated Award, or any consideration in respect of the terminated Award. 
 (i) Restrictions on Exercise Extension of Exercisability. A Participant may not exercise an Option or SAR at any time that the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon such exercise would violate Applicable Law. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than for Cause and, at any time during the last thirty days of the applicable Post-Termination Exercise Period (i) the exercise of the Participant s Option or SAR would be prohibited solely because the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon such exercise would violate Applicable Law, or (ii) the immediate sale of any shares of Common Stock issued upon such exercise would violate the Company s Trading Policy, then the applicable Post-Termination Exercise Period will be extended to the last day of the calendar month that commences following the date the Award would otherwise expire, with an additional extension of the exercise period to the last day of the next calendar month to apply if any of the foregoing restrictions apply at any time during such extended exercise period, generally without limitation as to the maximum permitted number of extensions provided, however, that in no event may such Award be exercised after the expiration of its maximum term (as set forth in Section 4(a)). 
 (j) Whole Shares . Options and SARs may be exercised only with respect to whole shares of Common Stock or their equivalents. 
 5 

5. AWARDS OTHER THAN OPTIONS AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS. 
 (a) Restricted Stock Awards and RSU Awards. Each Restricted Stock Award and RSU Award will have such terms and conditions as determined by the Board provided, however, that each Restricted Stock Award Agreement and RSU Award Agreement will conform (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the Award Agreement or otherwise) to the substance of each of the following provisions 
 (i) Form of Award. 
 (1) BRSAs To the extent consistent with the Company s Bylaws, at the Board s election, shares of Common Stock subject to a Restricted Stock Award may be (i) held in book entry form subject to the Company s instructions until such shares become vested or any other restrictions lapse, or (ii) evidenced by a certificate, which certificate will be held in such form and manner as determined by the Board. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, a Participant will have voting and other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to any shares subject to a Restricted Stock Award. 
 (2) RSUs A RSU Award represents a Participant s right to be issued on a future date the number of shares of Common Stock that is equal to the number of restricted stock units subject to the RSU Award. As a holder of a RSU Award, a Participant is an unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to the Company's unfunded obligation, if any, to issue shares of Common Stock in settlement of such Award and nothing contained in the Plan or any RSU Agreement, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, will create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate or any other person. A Participant will not have voting or any other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to any RSU Award (unless and until shares are actually issued in settlement of a vested RSU Award). 
 (ii) Consideration. 
 (1) RSA A Restricted Stock Award may be granted in consideration for (A) cash or check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company, (B) past services to the Company or an Affiliate, or (C) any other form of consideration as the Board may determine and permissible under Applicable Law. 
 (2) RSU Unless otherwise determined by the Board at the time of grant, a RSU Award will be granted in consideration for the Participant s services to the Company or an Affiliate, such that the Participant will not be required to make any payment to the Company (other than such services) with respect to the grant or vesting of the RSU Award, or the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the RSU Award. If, at the time of grant, the Board determines that any consideration must be paid by the Participant (in a form other than the Participant s services to the Company or an Affiliate) upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock in settlement of the RSU Award, such consideration may be paid in any form of consideration as the Board may determine and permissible under Applicable Law. 
 (iii) Vesting. The Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting of a Restricted Stock Award or RSU Award as determined by the Board. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, vesting of Restricted Stock Awards and RSU Awards will cease upon termination of the Participant s Continuous Service. 
 6 

(iv) Termination of Continuous Service. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates for any reason, (i) the Company may receive through a forfeiture condition or a repurchase right any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant under his or her Restricted Stock Award that have not vested as of the date of such termination as set forth in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement and (ii) any portion of his or her RSU Award that has not vested will be forfeited upon such termination and the Participant will have no further right, title or interest in the RSU Award, the shares of Comm on Stock issuable pursuant to the RSU Award, or any consideration in respect of the RSU Award. 
 (v) Dividends and Dividend Equivalents. Dividends or dividend equivalents may be paid or credited, as applicable, with respect to any shares of Common Stock subject to a Restricted Stock Award or RSU Award, as determined by the Board and specified in the Award Agreement). 
 (vi) Settlement of RSU Awards. A RSU Award may be settled by the issuance of shares of Common Stock or cash (or any combination thereof) or in any other form of payment, as determined by the Board and specified in the RSU Award Agreement. At the time of grant, the Board may determine to impose such restrictions or conditions that delay such delivery to a date following the vesting of the RSU Award. 
 (b) Performance Awards. With respect to any Performance Award, the length of any Performance Period, the Performance Goals to be achieved during the Performance Period, the other terms and conditions of such Award, and the measure of whether and to what degree such Performance Goals have been attained will be determined by the Board. 
 (c) Other Awards. Other Awards may be granted either alone or in addition to Awards provided for under Section 4 and the preceding provisions of this Section 5. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Board will have sole and complete discretion to determine the persons to whom and the time or times at which such Other Awards will be granted, the number of shares of Common Stock (or the cash equivalent thereof) to be granted pursuant to such Other Awards and all other terms and conditions of such Other Awards. 
 6. ADJUSTMENTS UPON CHANGES IN COMMON STOCK OTHER CORPORATE EVENTS. 
 (a) Capitalization Adjustments . In the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board shall appropriately and proportionately adjust (i) the class(es) and maximum number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Plan and the maximum number of shares by which the Share Reserve may annually increase pursuant to Section 2(a), (ii) the class(es) and maximum number of shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options pursuant to Section 2(b), and (iii) the class(es) and number of securities and exercise price, strike price or purchase price of Common Stock subject to outstanding Awards. The Board shall make such adjustments, and its determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no fractional shares or rights for fractional shares of Common Stock shall be created in order to implement any Capitalization Adjustment. The Board shall determine an equivalent benefit for any fractional shares or fractional shares that might be created by the adjustments referred to in the preceding provisions of this Section. 
 (b) Dissolution or Liquidation . Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, in the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Company, all outstanding Awards (other than Awards consisting of vested and outstanding shares of Common Stock not subject to a forfeiture condition or the Company s right of repurchase) will terminate immediately prior to the completion of such dissolution or liquidation, and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Company s repurchase rights or subject to a forfeiture condition may be repurchased or reacquired by the Company notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Award is providing Continuous Service, provided, however, that the Board may determine to cause some or all Awards to become fully vested, exercisable and or no longer subject to repurchase or forfeiture (to the extent such Awards have not previously expired or terminated) before the dissolution or liquidation is completed but contingent on its completion. 
 7 

(c) Corporate Transaction. The following provisions will apply to Awards in the event of a Corporate Transaction except as set forth in Section 11, and unless otherwise provided in the instrument evidencing the Award or any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant or unless otherwise expressly provided by the Board at the time of grant of an Award. 
 (i) Awards May Be Assumed. In the event of a Corporate Transaction, any surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company) may assume or continue any or all Awards outstanding under the Plan or may substitute similar awards for Awards outstanding under the Plan (including but not limited to, awards to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the Corporate Transaction), and any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company in respect of Common Stock issued pursuant to Awards may be assigned by the Company to the successor of the Company (or the successor s parent company, if any), in connection with such Corporate Transaction. A surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or its parent) may choose to assume or continue only a portion of an Award or substitute a similar award for only a portion of an Award, or may choose to assume or continue the Awards held by some, but not all Participants. The terms of any assumption, continuation or substitution will be set by the Board. 
 (ii) Awards Held by Current Participants. In the event of a Corporate Transaction in which the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or its parent company) does not assume or continue such outstanding Awards or substitute similar awards for such outstanding Awards, then with respect to Awards that have not been assumed, continued or substituted and that are held by Participants whose Continuous Service has not terminated prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction (referred to as the Current Participants ), the vesting of such Awards (and, with respect to Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, the time when such Awards may be exercised) will be accelerated in full to a date prior to the effective time of such Corporate Transaction (contingent upon the effectiveness of the Corporate Transaction) as the Board determines (or, if the Board does not determine such a date, to the date that is five days prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction), and such Awards will terminate if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, and any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to such Awards will lapse (contingent upon the effectiveness of the Corporate Transaction). With respect to the vesting of Performance Awards that will accelerate upon the occurrence of a Corporate Transaction pursuant to this subsection (ii) and that have multiple vesting levels depending on the level of performance, unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, the vesting of such Performance Awards will accelerate at 100 of the target level upon the occurrence of the Corporate Transaction. With respect to the vesting of Awards that will accelerate upon the occurrence of a Corporate Transaction pursuant to this subsection (ii) and are settled in the form of a cash payment, such cash payment will be made no later than 30 days following the occurrence of the Corporate Transaction. 
 (iii) Awards Held by Persons other than Current Participants. In the event of a Corporate Transaction in which the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or its parent company) does not assume or continue such outstanding Awards or substitute similar awards for such outstanding Awards, then with respect to Awards that have not been assumed, continued or substituted and that are held by persons other than Current Participants, such Awards will terminate if not exercised (if applicable) prior to the occurrence of the Corporate Transaction provided, however, that any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to such Awards will not terminate and may continue to be exercised notwithstanding the Corporate Transaction. 
 (iv) Payment for Awards in Lieu of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event an Award will terminate if not exercised prior to the effective time of a Corporate Transaction, the Board may provide, in its sole discretion, that the holder of such Award may not exercise such Award but will receive a payment, in such form as may be determined by the Board, equal in value, at the effective time, to the excess, if any, of (1) the value of the property the Participant would have received upon the exercise of the Award (including, at the discretion of the Board, any unvested portion of such Award), over (2) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with such exercise. 
 8 

(d) Appointment of Stockholder Representative . As a condition to the receipt of an Award under this Plan, a Participant will be deemed to have agreed that the Award will be subject to the terms of any agreement governing a Corporate Transaction involving the Company, including, without limitation, a provision for the appointment of a stockholder representative that is authorized to act on the Participant s behalf with respect to any escrow, indemnities and any contingent consideration. 
 (e) No Restriction on Right to Undertake Transactions . The grant of any Award under the Plan and the issuance of shares pursuant to any Award does not affect or restrict in any way the right or power of the Company or the stockholders of the Company to make or authorize any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the Company s capital structure or its business, any merger or consolidation of the Company, any issue of stock or of options, rights or options to purchase stock or of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stocks whose rights are superior to or affect the Common Stock or the rights thereof or which are convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock, or the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise. 
 7. ADMINISTRATION. 
 (a) Administration by Board. The Board will administer the Plan unless and until the Board delegates administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees, as provided in subsection (c) below. 
 (b) Powers of Board. The Board will have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan 
 (i) To determine from time to time (1) which of the persons eligible under the Plan will be granted Awards (2) when and how each Award will be granted (3) what type or combination of types of Award will be granted (4) the provisions of each Award granted (which need not be identical), including the time or times when a person will be permitted to receive an issuance of Common Stock or other payment pursuant to an Award (5) the number of shares of Common Stock or cash equivalent with respect to which an Award will be granted to each such person (6) the Fair Market Value applicable to an Award and (7) the terms of any Performance Award that is not valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, the Common Stock, including the amount of cash payment or other property that may be earned and the timing of payment. 
 (ii) To construe and interpret the Plan and Awards granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for its administration. The Board, in the exercise of this power, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award Agreement, in a manner and to the extent it deems necessary or expedient to make the Plan or Award fully effective. 
 (iii) To settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Awards granted under it. 
 (iv) To accelerate the time at which an Award may first be exercised or the time during which an Award or any part thereof will vest, notwithstanding the provisions in the Award Agreement stating the time at which it may first be exercised or the time during which it will vest. 
 (v) To prohibit the exercise of any Option, SAR or other exercisable Award during a period of up to 30 days prior to the consummation of any pending stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares, merger, consolidation or other distribution (other than normal cash dividends) of Company assets to stockholders, or any other change affecting the shares of Common Stock or the share price of the Common Stock including any Corporate Transaction, for reasons of administrative convenience. 
 (vi) To suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Suspension or termination of the Plan will not Materially Impair rights and obligations under any Award granted while the Plan is in effect except with the written consent of the affected Participant. 
 9 

(vii) To amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable provided, however, that stockholder approval will be required for any amendment to the extent required by Applicable Law. Except as provided above, rights under any Award granted before amendment of the Plan will not be Materially Impaired by any amendment of the Plan unless (1) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (2) such Participant consents in writing. 
 (viii) To submit any amendment to the Plan for stockholder approval. 
 (ix) To approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan and to amend the terms of any one or more Awards, including, but not limited to, amendments to provide terms more favorable to the Participant than previously provided in the Award Agreement, subject to any specified limits in the Plan that are not subject to Board discretion provided however, that, a Participant s rights under any Award will not be Materially Impaired by any such amendment unless (1) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (2) such Participant consents in writing. 
 (x) Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan or Awards. 
 (xi) To adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit and facilitate participation in the Plan by, or take advantage of specific tax treatment for Awards granted to, Employees, Directors or Consultants who are non-U.S. nationals or employed outside the United States (provided that Board approval will not be necessary for immaterial modifications to the Plan or any Award Agreement to ensure or facilitate compliance with the laws of the relevant non-U.S. jurisdiction). 
 (xii) To effect, at any time and from time to time, subject to the consent of any Participant whose Award is Materially Impaired by such action, (1) the reduction of the exercise price (or strike price) of any outstanding Option or SAR (2) the cancellation of any outstanding Option or SAR and the grant in substitution therefor of (A) a new Option, SAR, Restricted Stock Award, RSU Award or Other Award, under the Plan or another equity plan of the Company, covering the same or a different number of shares of Common Stock, (B) cash and or (C) other valuable consideration (as determined by the Board) or (3) any other action that is treated as a repricing under generally accepted accounting principles. 
 (c) Delegation to Committee. 
 (i) General. The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees. If administration of the Plan is delegated to a Committee, the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have been delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to another Committee or a subcommittee of the Committee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board will thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee), subject, however, to such resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as may be adopted from time to time by the Board. Each Committee may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with the Committee or subcommittee to which it has delegated its authority hereunder and may, at any time, revest in such Committee some or all of the powers previously delegated. The Board may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with any Committee and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated. 
 (ii) Rule 16b-3 Compliance . To the extent an Award is intended to qualify for the exemption from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act that is available under Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act, the Award will be granted by the Board or a Committee that consists solely of two or more Non-Employee Directors, as determined under Rule 16b-3(b)(3) of the Exchange Act and thereafter any action establishing or modifying the terms of the Award will be approved by the Board or a Committee meeting such requirements to the extent necessary for such exemption to remain available. 
 10 

(d) Effect of Board s Decision. All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board or any Committee in good faith will not be subject to review by any person and will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons. 
 (e) Delegation to an Officer . The Board or any Committee may delegate to one or more Officers the authority to do one or both of the following (i) designate Employees who are not Officers to be recipients of Options and SARs (and, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, other types of Awards) and, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the terms thereof, and (ii) determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be subject to such Awards granted to such Employees provided, however, that the resolutions or charter adopted by the Board or any Committee evidencing such delegation will specify the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be subject to the Awards granted by such Officer and that such Officer may not grant an Award to himself or herself. Any such Awards will be granted on the applicable form of Award Agreement most recently approved for use by the Board or the Committee, unless otherwise provided in the resolutions approving the delegation authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, neither the Board nor any Committee may delegate to an Officer who is acting solely in the capacity of an Officer (and not also as a Director) the authority to determine the Fair Market Value. 
 8. TAX WITHHOLDING. 
 (a) Withholding Authorization. As a condition to acceptance of any Award under the Plan, a Participant authorizes withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to such Participant, and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for (including), any sums required to satisfy any U.S. and or non-U.S. federal, state, or local tax or social insurance contribution withholding obligations of the Company or an Affiliate, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise, vesting or settlement of such Award, as applicable. Accordingly, a Participant may not be able to exercise an Award even though the Award is vested, and the Company shall have no obligation to issue shares of Common Stock subject to an Award, unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
 (b) Satisfaction of Withholding Obligation . To the extent permitted by the terms of an Award Agreement, the Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy any U.S. and or non-U.S. federal, state, or local tax or social insurance withholding obligation relating to an Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means (i) causing the Participant to tender a cash payment (ii) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to the Participant in connection with the Award (iii) withholding cash from an Award settled in cash (iv) withholding payment from any amounts otherwise payable to the Participant (v) by allowing a Participant to effectuate a cashless exercise pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board, or (vi) by such other method as may be set forth in the Award Agreement. 
 11 

(c) No Obligation to Notify or Minimize Taxes No Liability to Claims . Except as required by Applicable Law, the Company has no duty or obligation to any Participant to advise such holder as to the time or manner of exercising such Award. Furthermore, the Company has no duty or obligation to warn or otherwise advise such holder of a pending termination or expiration of an Award or a possible period in which the Award may not be exercised. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of an Award to the holder of such Award and will not be liable to any holder of an Award for any adverse tax consequences to such holder in connection with an Award. As a condition to accepting an Award under the Plan, each Participant (i) agrees to not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from such Award or other Company compensation and (ii) acknowledges that such Participant was advised to consult with his or her own personal tax, financial and other legal advisors regarding the tax consequences of the Award and has either done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. Additionally, each Participant acknowledges any Option or SAR granted under the Plan is exempt from Section 409A only if the exercise or strike price is at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant as determined by the Internal Revenue Service and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation associated with the Award. Additionally, as a condition to accepting an Option or SAR granted under the Plan, each Participant agrees not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates in the event that the U.S. Internal Revenue Service asserts that such exercise price or strike price is less than the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant as subsequently determined by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
 (d) Withholding Indemnification . As a condition to accepting an Award under the Plan, in the event that the amount of the Company s and or its Affiliate s withholding obligation in connection with such Award was greater than the amount actually withheld by the Company and or its Affiliates, each Participant agrees to indemnify and hold the Company and or its Affiliates harmless from any failure by the Company and or its Affiliates to withhold the proper amount. 
 9. MISCELLANEOUS. 
 (a) Source of Shares. The stock issuable under the Plan will be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock, including shares repurchased by the Company on the open market or otherwise. 
 (b) Use of Proceeds from Sales of Common Stock . Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Awards will constitute general funds of the Company. 
 (c) Corporate Action Constituting Grant of Awards . Corporate action constituting a grant by the Company of an Award to any Participant will be deemed completed as of the date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Board, regardless of when the instrument, certificate, or letter evidencing the Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant. In the event that the corporate records (e.g., Board consents, resolutions or minutes) documenting the corporate action approving the grant contain terms (e.g., exercise price, vesting schedule or number of shares) that are inconsistent with those in the Award Agreement or related grant documents as a result of a clerical error in the Award Agreement or related grant documents, the corporate records will control and the Participant will have no legally binding right to the incorrect term in the Award Agreement or related grant documents. 
 (d) Stockholder Rights . No Participant will be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of Common Stock subject to such Award unless and until (i) such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of the Award pursuant to its terms, if applicable, and (ii) the issuance of the Common Stock subject to such Award is reflected in the records of the Company. 
 12 

(e) No Employment or Other Service Rights . Nothing in the Plan, any Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Award granted pursuant thereto will confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Award was granted or affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate at will and without regard to any future vesting opportunity that a Participant may have with respect to any Award (i) the employment of an Employee with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the service of a Consultant pursuant to the terms of such Consultant s agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, or (iii) the service of a Director pursuant to the Bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of the U.S. state or non-U.S. jurisdiction in which the Company or the Affiliate is incorporated, as the case may be. Further, nothing in the Plan, any Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Award will constitute any promise or commitment by the Company or an Affiliate regarding the fact or nature of future positions, future work assignments, future compensation or any other term or condition of employment or service or confer any right or benefit under the Award or the Plan unless such right or benefit has specifically accrued under the terms of the Award Agreement and or Plan. 
 (f) Change in Time Commitment . In the event a Participant s regular level of time commitment in the performance of his or her services for the Company and any Affiliates is reduced (for example, and without limitation, if the Participant is an Employee of the Company and the Employee has a change in status from a full-time Employee to a part-time Employee or takes an extended leave of absence) after the date of grant of any Award to the Participant, the Board may determine, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, to (i) make a corresponding reduction in the number of shares or cash amount subject to any portion of such Award that is scheduled to vest or become payable after the date of such change in time commitment, and (ii) in lieu of or in combination with such a reduction, extend the vesting or payment schedule applicable to such Award. In the event of any such reduction, the Participant will have no right with respect to any portion of the Award that is so reduced or extended. 
 (g) Execution of Additional Documents . As a condition to accepting an Award under the Plan, the Participant agrees to execute any additional documents or instruments necessary or desirable, as determined in the Plan Administrator s sole discretion, to carry out the purposes or intent of the Award, or facilitate compliance with securities and or other regulatory requirements, in each case at the Plan Administrator s request. 
 (h) Electronic Delivery and Participation . Any reference herein or in an Award Agreement to a written agreement or document will include any agreement or document delivered electronically, filed publicly at www.sec.gov (or any successor website thereto) or posted on the Company s intranet (or other shared electronic medium controlled by the Company to which the Participant has access). By accepting any Award the Participant consents to receive documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through any on-line electronic system established and maintained by the Plan Administrator or another third party selected by the Plan Administrator. The form of delivery of any Common Stock (e.g., a stock certificate or electronic entry evidencing such shares) shall be determined by the Company. 
 (i) Clawback Recovery . All Awards granted under the Plan will be subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy that the Company is required to adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other Applicable Law and any clawback policy that the Company otherwise adopts, to the extent applicable and permissible under Applicable Law. In addition, the Board may impose such other clawback, recovery or recoupment provisions in an Award Agreement as the Board determines necessary or appropriate, including but not limited to a reacquisition right in respect of previously acquired shares of Common Stock or other cash or property upon the occurrence of Cause. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a Participant s right to voluntarily terminate employment upon a resignation for good reason, or for a constructive termination or any similar term under any plan of or agreement with the Company. 
 13 

(j) Securities Law Compliance . A Participant will not be issued any shares in respect of an Award unless either (i) the shares are registered under the Securities Act or (ii) the Company has determined that such issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Award also must comply with other Applicable Law governing the Award, and a Participant will not receive such shares if the Company determines that such receipt would not be in material compliance with Applicable Law. 
 (k) Transfer or Assignment of Awards Issued Shares . Except as expressly provided in the Plan or the form of Award Agreement, Awards granted under the Plan may not be transferred or assigned by the Participant. After the vested shares subject to an Award have been issued, or in the case of Restricted Stock and similar awards, after the issued shares have vested, the holder of such shares is free to assign, hypothecate, donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any interest in such shares provided that any such actions are in compliance with the provisions herein, the terms of the Trading Policy and Applicable Law. 
 (l) Effect on Other Employee Benefit Plans . The value of any Award granted under the Plan, as determined upon grant, vesting or settlement, shall not be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms used when calculating any Participant s benefits under any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate, except as such plan otherwise expressly provides. The Company expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Company's or any Affiliate's employee benefit plans. 
 (m) Deferrals . To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Board, in its sole discretion, may determine that the delivery of Common Stock or the payment of cash, upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of all or a portion of any Award may be deferred and may also establish programs and procedures for deferral elections to be made by Participants. Deferrals will be made in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A. 
 (n) Section 409A . Unless otherwise expressly provided for in an Award Agreement, the Plan and Award Agreements will be interpreted to the greatest extent possible in a manner that makes the Plan and the Awards granted hereunder exempt from Section 409A, and, to the extent not so exempt, in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A. If the Board determines that any Award granted hereunder is not exempt from and is therefore subject to Section 409A, the Award Agreement evidencing such Award will incorporate the terms and conditions necessary to avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code, and to the extent an Award Agreement is silent on terms necessary for compliance, such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan (and unless the Award Agreement specifically provides otherwise), if the shares of Common Stock are publicly traded, and if a Participant holding an Award that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A is a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A, no distribution or payment of any amount that is due because of a separation from service (as defined in Section 409A without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) will be issued or paid before the date that is six months and one day following the date of such Participant s separation from service or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death, unless such distribution or payment can be made in a manner that complies with Section 409A, and any amounts so deferred will be paid in a lump sum on the day after such six month period elapses, with the balance paid thereafter on the original schedule. 
 (o) Choice of Law. This Plan and any controversy arising out of or relating to this Plan shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in any application of any law other than the law of the State of Delaware. 
 14 

10. COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY. 
 (a) Compliance with Law. The Company will seek to obtain from each regulatory commission or agency, as may be deemed necessary, having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be required to grant Awards and to issue and sell shares of Common Stock upon exercise or vesting of the Awards provided, however, that this undertaking will not require the Company to register under the Securities Act the Plan, any Award or any Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any such Award. If, after reasonable efforts and at a reasonable cost, the Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary or advisable for the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Plan, the Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise or vesting of such Awards unless and until such authority is obtained. A Participant is not eligible for the grant of an Award or the subsequent issuance of Common Stock pursuant to the Award if such grant or issuance would be in violation of any Applicable Law. 
 11. ADDITIONAL RULES FOR AWARDS SUBJECT TO SECTION 409A. 
 (a) Application. Unless the provisions of this Section of the Plan are expressly superseded by the provisions in the form of Award Agreement, the provisions of this Section shall apply and shall supersede anything to the contrary set forth in the Award Agreement for a Non-Exempt Award. 
 (b) Non-Exempt Awards Subject to Non-Exempt Severance Arrangements. To the extent a Non-Exempt Award is subject to Section 409A due to application of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, the following provisions of this subsection (b) apply. 
 (i) If the Non-Exempt Award vests in the ordinary course during the Participant s Continuous Service in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Award Agreement, and does not accelerate vesting under the terms of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, in no event will the shares be issued in respect of such Non-Exempt Award any later than the later of (i) December 31st of the calendar year that includes the applicable vesting date, or (ii) the 60th day that follows the applicable vesting date. 
 (ii) If vesting of the Non-Exempt Award accelerates under the terms of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement in connection with the Participant s Separation from Service, and such vesting acceleration provisions were in effect as of the date of grant of the Non-Exempt Award and, therefore, are part of the terms of such Non-Exempt Award as of the date of grant, then the shares will be earlier issued in settlement of such Non-Exempt Award upon the Participant s Separation from Service in accordance with the terms of the Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement, but in no event later than the 60th day that follows the date of the Participant s Separation from Service. However, if at the time the shares would otherwise be issued the Participant is subject to the distribution limitations contained in Section 409A applicable to specified employees, as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such shares shall not be issued before the date that is six months following the date of such Participant s Separation from Service, or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death that occurs within such six month period. 
 (iii) If vesting of a Non-Exempt Award accelerates under the terms of a Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement in connection with a Participant s Separation from Service, and such vesting acceleration provisions were not in effect as of the date of grant of the Non-Exempt Award and, therefore, are not a part of the terms of such Non-Exempt Award on the date of grant, then such acceleration of vesting of the Non-Exempt Award shall not accelerate the issuance date of the shares, but the shares shall instead be issued on the same schedule as set forth in the Grant Notice as if they had vested in the ordinary course during the Participant s Continuous Service, notwithstanding the vesting acceleration of the Non-Exempt Award. Such issuance schedule is intended to satisfy the requirements of payment on a specified date or pursuant to a fixed schedule, as provided under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(a)(4). 
 15 

(c) Treatment of Non-Exempt Awards Upon a Corporate Transaction for Employees and Consultants. The provisions of this subsection (c) shall apply and shall supersede anything to the contrary set forth in the Plan with respect to the permitted treatment of any Non-Exempt Award in connection with a Corporate Transaction if the Participant was either an Employee or Consultant upon the applicable date of grant of the Non-Exempt Award. 
 (i) Vested Non-Exempt Awards. The following provisions shall apply to any Vested Non-Exempt Award in connection with a Corporate Transaction 
 (1) If the Corporate Transaction is also a Section 409A Change in Control then the Acquiring Entity may not assume, continue or substitute the Vested Non-Exempt Award. Upon the Section 409A Change in Control the settlement of the Vested Non-Exempt Award will automatically be accelerated and the shares will be immediately issued in respect of the Vested Non-Exempt Award. Alternatively, the Company may instead provide that the Participant will receive a cash settlement equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant upon the Section 409A Change in Control. 
 (2) If the Corporate Transaction is not also a Section 409A Change in Control, then the Acquiring Entity must either assume, continue or substitute each Vested Non-Exempt Award. The shares to be issued in respect of the Vested Non-Exempt Award shall be issued to the Participant by the Acquiring Entity on the same schedule that the shares would have been issued to the Participant if the Corporate Transaction had not occurred. In the Acquiring Entity s discretion, in lieu of an issuance of shares, the Acquiring Entity may instead substitute a cash payment on each applicable issuance date, equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant on such issuance dates, with the determination of the Fair Market Value of the shares made on the date of the Corporate Transaction. 
 (ii) Unvested Non-Exempt Awards. The following provisions shall apply to any Unvested Non-Exempt Award unless otherwise determined by the Board pursuant to subsection (e) of this Section. 
 (1) In the event of a Corporate Transaction, the Acquiring Entity shall assume, continue or substitute any Unvested Non-Exempt Award. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, any Unvested Non-Exempt Award will remain subject to the same vesting and forfeiture restrictions that were applicable to the Award prior to the Corporate Transaction. The shares to be issued in respect of any Unvested Non-Exempt Award shall be issued to the Participant by the Acquiring Entity on the same schedule that the shares would have been issued to the Participant if the Corporate Transaction had not occurred. In the Acquiring Entity s discretion, in lieu of an issuance of shares, the Acquiring Entity may instead substitute a cash payment on each applicable issuance date, equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant on such issuance dates, with the determination of Fair Market Value of the shares made on the date of the Corporate Transaction. 
 (2) If the Acquiring Entity will not assume, substitute or continue any Unvested Non-Exempt Award in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then such Award shall automatically terminate and be forfeited upon the Corporate Transaction with no consideration payable to any Participant in respect of such forfeited Unvested Non-Exempt Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent permitted and in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, the Board may in its discretion determine to elect to accelerate the vesting and settlement of the Unvested Non-Exempt Award upon the Corporate Transaction, or instead substitute a cash payment equal to the Fair Market Value of such shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant, as further provided in subsection (e)(ii) below. In the absence of such discretionary election by the Board, any Unvested Non-Exempt Award shall be forfeited without payment of any consideration to the affected Participants if the Acquiring Entity will not assume, substitute or continue the Unvested Non-Exempt Awards in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
 16 

(3) The foregoing treatment shall apply with respect to all Unvested Non-Exempt Awards upon any Corporate Transaction, and regardless of whether or not such Corporate Transaction is also a Section 409A Change in Control. 
 (d) Treatment of Non-Exempt Awards Upon a Corporate Transaction for Non-Employee Directors. The following provisions of this subsection (d) shall apply and shall supersede anything to the contrary that may be set forth in the Plan with respect to the permitted treatment of a Non-Exempt Director Award in connection with a Corporate Transaction. 
 (i) If the Corporate Transaction is also a Section 409A Change in Control then the Acquiring Entity may not assume, continue or substitute the Non-Exempt Director Award. Upon the Section 409A Change in Control the vesting and settlement of any Non-Exempt Director Award will automatically be accelerated and the shares will be immediately issued to the Participant in respect of the Non-Exempt Director Award. Alternatively, the Company may provide that the Participant will instead receive a cash settlement equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant upon the Section 409A Change in Control pursuant to the preceding provision. 
 (ii) If the Corporate Transaction is not also a Section 409A Change in Control, then the Acquiring Entity must either assume, continue or substitute the Non-Exempt Director Award. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Non-Exempt Director Award will remain subject to the same vesting and forfeiture restrictions that were applicable to the Award prior to the Corporate Transaction. The shares to be issued in respect of the Non-Exempt Director Award shall be issued to the Participant by the Acquiring Entity on the same schedule that the shares would have been issued to the Participant if the Corporate Transaction had not occurred. In the Acquiring Entity s discretion, in lieu of an issuance of shares, the Acquiring Entity may instead substitute a cash payment on each applicable issuance date, equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares that would otherwise be issued to the Participant on such issuance dates, with the determination of Fair Market Value made on the date of the Corporate Transaction. 
 (e) If the RSU Award is a Non-Exempt Award, then the provisions in this Section 11(e) shall apply and supersede anything to the contrary that may be set forth in the Plan or the Award Agreement with respect to the permitted treatment of such Non-Exempt Award 
 (i) Any exercise by the Board of discretion to accelerate the vesting of a Non-Exempt Award shall not result in any acceleration of the scheduled issuance dates for the shares in respect of the Non-Exempt Award unless earlier issuance of the shares upon the applicable vesting dates would be in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A. 
 (ii) The Company explicitly reserves the right to earlier settle any Non-Exempt Award to the extent permitted and in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, including pursuant to any of the exemptions available in Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix). 
 (iii) To the extent the terms of any Non-Exempt Award provide that it will be settled upon a Change in Control or Corporate Transaction, to the extent it is required for compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, the Change in Control or Corporate Transaction event triggering settlement must also constitute a Section 409A Change in Control. To the extent the terms of a Non-Exempt Award provides that it will be settled upon a termination of employment or termination of Continuous Service, to the extent it is required for compliance with the requirements of Section 409A, the termination event triggering settlement must also constitute a Separation From Service. However, if at the time the shares would otherwise be issued to a Participant in connection with a separation from service such Participant is subject to the distribution limitations contained in Section 409A applicable to specified employees, as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such shares shall not be issued before the date that is six months following the date of the Participant s Separation From Service, or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death that occurs within such six month period. 
 17 

(iv) The provisions in this subsection (e) for delivery of the shares in respect of the settlement of a RSU Award that is a Non-Exempt Award are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that the delivery of the shares to the Participant in respect of such Non-Exempt Award will not trigger the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be so interpreted. 
 12. SEVERABILITY. 
 If all or any part of the Plan or any Award Agreement is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity shall not invalidate any portion of the Plan or such Award Agreement not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of the Plan or any Award Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 
 13. TERMINATION OF THE PLAN. 
 The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. No Incentive Stock Options may be granted after the tenth anniversary of the earlier of (i) the Adoption Date, or (ii) the date the Plan is approved by the Company s stockholders. No Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated. 
 14. DEFINITIONS. 
 As used in the Plan, the following definitions apply to the capitalized terms indicated below 
 (a) Acquiring Entity means the surviving or acquiring corporation (or its parent company) in connection with a Corporate Transaction. 
 (b) Adoption Date means the date the Plan is first approved by the Board or Compensation Committee. 
 (c) Affiliate means, at the time of determination, any parent or subsidiary of the Company as such terms are defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act. The Board may determine the time or times at which parent or subsidiary status is determined within the foregoing definition. 
 (d) Applicable Law means shall mean the Code and any applicable U.S. or non-U.S. securities, federal, state, material local or municipal or other law, statute, constitution, principle of common law, resolution, ordinance, code, edict, decree, rule, listing rule, regulation, judicial decision, ruling or requirement issued, enacted, adopted, promulgated, implemented or otherwise put into effect by or under the authority of any Governmental Body (including under the authority of any applicable self-regulating organization such as the Nasdaq Stock Market, New York Stock Exchange, or the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority). 
 (e) Award means any right to receive Common Stock, cash or other property granted under the Plan (including an Incentive Stock Option, a Nonstatutory Stock Option, a Restricted Stock Award, a RSU Award, a SAR, a Performance Award or any Other Award). 
 (f) Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of an Award. The Award Agreement generally consists of the Grant Notice and the agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the Award and which is provided to a Participant along with the Grant Notice. 
 (g) Board means the board of directors of the Company (or its designee). Any decision or determination made by the Board shall be a decision or determination that is made in the sole discretion of the Board (or its designee), and such decision or determination shall be final and binding on all Participants. 
 18 

(h) Capitalization Adjustment means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Common Stock subject to the Plan or subject to any Award after the Effective Time without the receipt of consideration by the Company through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or any similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company will not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment. 
 (i) Cause has the meaning ascribed to such term in any written agreement between the Participant and the Company defining such term and, in the absence of such agreement, such term means, with respect to a Participant, the occurrence of any of the following events (i) the Participant s theft, dishonesty, willful misconduct, breach of fiduciary duty for personal profit, or falsification of any Company or Affiliate documents or records (ii) the Participant s material failure to abide by the Company s Code of Conduct or other policies (including, without limitation, policies relating to confidentiality and reasonable workplace conduct and policies of any Affiliate, as applicable) (iii) the Participant s unauthorized use, misappropriation, destruction or diversion of any tangible or intangible asset or corporate opportunity of the Company or any of its Affiliates (including, without limitation, the Participant s improper use or disclosure of Company or Affiliate confidential or proprietary information) (iv) any intentional act by the Participant which has a material detrimental effect on the Company s or its Affiliate s reputation or business (v) the Participant s repeated failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned duties after written notice from the Company (or its Affiliate, as applicable) of, and a reasonable opportunity to cure, such failure or inability (vi) any material breach by the Participant of any employment or service agreement between the Participant and the Company (or its Affiliate, as applicable), which breach is not cured pursuant to the terms of such agreement or (vii) the Participant s conviction (including any plea of guilty or nolo contendere of any criminal act involving fraud, dishonesty, misappropriation or moral turpitude, or which impairs the Participant s ability to perform his or her duties with the Company (or its Affiliate, as applicable). The determination that a termination of the Participant s Continuous Service is either for Cause or without Cause will be made by the Board with respect to Participants who are executive officers of the Company and by the Company s Chief Executive Officer with respect to Participants who are not executive officers of the Company. Any determination by the Company that the Continuous Service of a Participant was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Awards held by such Participant will have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or such Participant for any other purpose. 
 19 

(j) Change in Control means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events provided, however, to the extent necessary to avoid adverse personal income tax consequences to the Participant in connection with an Award, also constitutes a Section 409A Change in Control 
 (i) any Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not be deemed to occur (A) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company directly from the Company, (B) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by an investor, any affiliate thereof or any other Exchange Act Person that acquires the Company s securities in a transaction or series of related transactions the primary purpose of which is to obtain financing for the Company through the issuance of equity securities, or (C) solely because the level of Ownership held by any Exchange Act Person (the Subject Person exceeds the designated percentage threshold of the outstanding voting securities as a result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting securities by the Company reducing the number of shares outstanding, provided that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result of the acquisition of voting securities by the Company, and after such share acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of any additional voting securities that, assuming the repurchase or other acquisition had not occurred, increases the percentage of the then outstanding voting securities Owned by the Subject Person over the designated percentage threshold, then a Change in Control shall be deemed to occur 
 (ii) there is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly) the Company and, immediately after the consummation of such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not Own, directly or indirectly, either (A) outstanding voting securities representing more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (B) more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the parent of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, in each case in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction 
 (iii) the stockholders of the Company approve or the Board approves a plan of complete dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or a complete dissolution or liquidation of the Company shall otherwise occur, except for a liquidation into a parent corporation 
 (iv) there is consummated a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries to an Entity, more than 50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are Owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale, lease, license or other disposition or 
 (v) individuals who, on the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, are members of the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board provided, however, that if the appointment or election (or nomination for election) of any new Board member was approved or recommended by a majority vote of the members of the Incumbent Board then still in office, such new member shall, for purposes of this Plan, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board. 
 20 

Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Plan, (A) the term Change in Control shall not include a sale of assets, merger or other transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company, and (B) the definition of Change in Control (or any analogous term) in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant shall supersede the foregoing definition with respect to Awards subject to such agreement provided, however, that if no definition of Change in Control or any analogous term is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the foregoing definition shall apply. 
 (k) Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder. 
 (l) Committee means the Compensation Committee and any other committee of one or more Directors to whom authority has been delegated by the Board or Compensation Committee in accordance with the Plan. 
 (m) Common Stock means the common stock of the Company. 
 (n) Company means Unity Software Inc., a Delaware corporation, and any successor corporation thereto. 
 (o) Compensation Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 (p) Consultant means any person, including an advisor, who is (i) engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and is compensated for such services, or (ii) serving as a member of the board of directors of an Affiliate and is compensated for such services. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such service, will not cause a Director to be considered a Consultant for purposes of the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person is treated as a Consultant under this Plan only if a Form S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities Act is available to register either the offer or the sale of the Company s securities to such person. 
 (q) Continuous Service means that the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. A change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee, Director or Consultant or a change in the Entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, will not terminate a Participant s Continuous Service provided, however, that if the Entity for which a Participant is rendering services ceases to qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board, such Participant s Continuous Service will be considered to have terminated on the date such Entity ceases to qualify as an Affiliate. For example, a change in status from an Employee of the Company to a Consultant of an Affiliate or to a Director will not constitute an interruption of Continuous Service. To the extent permitted by law, the Board or the chief executive officer of the Company, in that party s sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service will be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Board or chief executive officer, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave, or (ii) transfers between the Company, an Affiliate, or their successors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a leave of absence will be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in an Award only to such extent as may be provided in the Company s leave of absence policy, in the written terms of any leave of absence agreement or policy applicable to the Participant, or as otherwise required by law. In addition, to the extent required for exemption from or compliance with Section 409A, the determination of whether there has been a termination of Continuous Service will be made, and such term will be construed, in a manner that is consistent with the definition of separation from service as defined under U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder). 
 (r) Corporate Transaction means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events 
 (i) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board, of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries 
 21 

(ii) a sale or other disposition of at least 50 of the outstanding securities of the Company 
 (iii) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is not the surviving corporation or 
 (iv) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise. 
 (s) Director means a member of the Board. 
 (t) determine or determined means as determined by the Board or the Committee (or its designee) in its sole discretion. 
 (u) Disability means, with respect to a Participant, such Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, as provided in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, and will be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances. 
 (v) Effective Time means the IPO Time, provided this Plan is approved by the Company s stockholders prior to the IPO Time. 
 (w) Employee means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services, will not cause a Director to be considered an Employee for purposes of the Plan. 
 (x) Employer means the Company or the Affiliate that employs the Participant. 
 (y) Entity means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity. 
 (z) Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 (aa) Exchange Act Person means any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), except that Exchange Act Person will not include (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to a registered public offering of such securities, (iv) an Entity Owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of stock of the Company or (v) any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act) that, as of the Effective Time, is the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities. 
 (bb) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, unless otherwise determined by the Board, the value of the Common Stock (as determined on a per share or aggregate basis, as applicable) determined as follows 
 (i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or traded on any established market, the Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such stock as quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading in the Common Stock) on the date of determination, as reported in a source the Board deems reliable. 
 (ii) If there is no closing sales price for the Common Stock on the date of determination, then the Fair Market Value will be the closing selling price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists. 
 22 

(iii) In the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, or if otherwise determined by the Board, the Fair Market Value will be determined by the Board in good faith and in a manner that complies with Sections 409A and 422 of the Code. 
 (cc) Governmental Body means any (a) nation, state, commonwealth, province, territory, county, municipality, district or other jurisdiction of any nature (b) U.S. or non-U.S. federal, state, local, municipal, or other government (c) governmental or regulatory body, or quasi-governmental body of any nature (including any governmental division, department, administrative agency or bureau, commission, authority, instrumentality, official, ministry, fund, foundation, center, organization, unit, body or Entity and any court or other tribunal, and for the avoidance of doubt, any Tax authority) or other body exercising similar powers or authority or (d) self-regulatory organization (including the Nasdaq Stock Market, New York Stock Exchange, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority). 
 (dd) Grant Notice means the notice provided to a Participant that he or she has been granted an Award under the Plan and which includes the name of the Participant, the type of Award, the date of grant of the Award, number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Award or potential cash payment right, (if any), the vesting schedule for the Award (if any) and other key terms applicable to the Award. 
 (ee) Incentive Stock Option means an option granted pursuant to Section 4 of the Plan that is intended to be, and qualifies as, an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. 
 (ff) IPO Time means the time of execution of the underwriting agreement between the Company and the underwriter(s) managing the initial public offering of the Common Stock, pursuant to which the Common Stock is priced for the initial public offering. 
 (gg) Materially Impair means any amendment to the terms of the Award that materially adversely affects the Participant s rights under the Award. A Participant's rights under an Award will not be deemed to have been Materially Impaired by any such amendment if the Board, in its sole discretion, determines that the amendment, taken as a whole, does not materially impair the Participant s rights. For example, the following types of amendments to the terms of an Award do not Materially Impair the Participant s rights under the Award (i) imposition of reasonable restrictions on the minimum number of shares subject to an Option that may be exercised, (ii) to maintain the qualified status of the Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code (iii) to change the terms of an Incentive Stock Option in a manner that disqualifies, impairs or otherwise affects the qualified status of the Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code (iv) to clarify the manner of exemption from, or to bring the Award into compliance with or qualify it for an exemption from, Section 409A or (v) to comply with other Applicable Laws. 
 (hh) Non-Employee Director means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee or officer of the Company or an Affiliate, does not receive compensation, either directly or indirectly, from the Company or an Affiliate for services rendered as a consultant or in any capacity other than as a Director (except for an amount as to which disclosure would not be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act Regulation S-K )), does not possess an interest in any other transaction for which disclosure would be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, and is not engaged in a business relationship for which disclosure would be required pursuant to Item 404(b) of Regulation S-K or (ii) is otherwise considered a non-employee director for purposes of Rule 16b-3. 
 (ii) Non-Exempt Award means any Award that is subject to, and not exempt from, Section 409A, including as the result of (i) a deferral of the issuance of the shares subject to the Award which is elected by the Participant or imposed by the Company or (ii) the terms of any Non-Exempt Severance Agreement. 
 (jj) Non-Exempt Director Award means a Non-Exempt Award granted to a Participant who was a Director but not an Employee on the applicable grant date. 
 23 

(kk) Non-Exempt Severance Arrangement means a severance arrangement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company that provides for acceleration of vesting of an Award and issuance of the shares in respect of such Award upon the Participant s termination of employment or separation from service (as such term is defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code (and without regard to any alternative definition thereunder) Separation from Service and such severance benefit does not satisfy the requirements for an exemption from application of Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), 1.409A-1(b)(9) or otherwise. 
 (ll) Nonstatutory Stock Option means any option granted pursuant to Section 4 of the Plan that does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 
 (mm) Officer means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 (nn) Option means an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the Plan. 
 (oo) Option Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and the Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of the Option grant. The Option Agreement includes the Grant Notice for the Option and the agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the Option and which is provided to a Participant along with the Grant Notice. Each Option Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (pp) Optionholder means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Option. 
 (qq) Other Award means an award valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, Common Stock, including the appreciation in value thereof (e.g., options or stock rights with an exercise price or strike price less than 100 of the Fair Market Value at the time of grant) that is not an Incentive Stock Options, Nonstatutory Stock Option, SAR, Restricted Stock Award, RSU Award or Performance Award. 
 (rr) Other Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of an Other Award evidencing the terms and conditions of an Other Award grant. Each Other Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (ss) Own , Owned , Owner , Ownership means that a person or Entity will be deemed to Own, to have Owned, to be the Owner of, or to have acquired Ownership of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities. 
 (tt) Participant means an Employee, Director or Consultant to whom an Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Award. 
 (uu) Performance Award means an Award that may vest or may be exercised or a cash award that may vest or become earned and paid contingent upon the attainment during a Performance Period of certain Performance Goals and which is granted under the terms and conditions of Section 5(b) pursuant to such terms as are approved by the Board. In addition, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law and set forth in the applicable Award Agreement, the Board may determine that cash or other property may be used in payment of Performance Awards. Performance Awards that are settled in cash or other property are not required to be valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, the Common Stock. 
 24 

(vv) Performance Criteria means the one or more criteria that the Board will select for purposes of establishing the Performance Goals for a Performance Period. The Performance Criteria that will be used to establish such Performance Goals may be based on any one of, or combination of, the following as determined by the Board earnings (including earnings per share and net earnings) earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization total stockholder return return on equity or average stockholder s equity return on assets, investment, or capital employed stock price margin (including gross margin) income (before or after taxes) operating income measures operating income after taxes pre-tax profit operating cash flow sales or revenue targets increases in revenue or product revenue expenses and cost reduction goals improvement in or attainment of working capital levels economic value added (or an equivalent metric) market share cash flow cash flow per share share price performance debt reduction bookings measures customer satisfaction stockholders equity capital expenditures debt levels operating profit or net operating profit workforce diversity growth of net income or operating income billings financing regulatory milestones stockholder liquidity corporate governance and compliance intellectual property personnel matters progress of internal research progress of partnered programs partner satisfaction budget management partner or collaborator achievements internal controls, including those related to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 investor relations, analysts and communication implementation or completion of projects or processes employee retention number of users, including unique users strategic partnerships or transactions (including in-licensing and out-licensing of intellectual property) establishing relationships with respect to the marketing, distribution and sale of the Company s products supply chain achievements co-development, co-marketing, profit sharing, joint venture or other similar arrangements individual performance goals corporate development and planning goals and other measures of performance selected by the Board or Committee. 
 (ww) Performance Goals means, for a Performance Period, the one or more goals established by the Board for the Performance Period based upon the Performance Criteria. Performance Goals may be based on a Company-wide basis, with respect to one or more business units, divisions, Affiliates, or business segments, and in either absolute terms or relative to the performance of one or more comparable companies or the performance of one or more relevant indices. Unless specified otherwise by the Board (i) in the Award Agreement at the time the Award is granted or (ii) in such other document setting forth the Performance Goals at the time the Performance Goals are established, the Board will appropriately make adjustments in the method of calculating the attainment of Performance Goals for a Performance Period as follows (1) to exclude restructuring and or other nonrecurring charges (2) to exclude exchange rate effects (3) to exclude the effects of changes to generally accepted accounting principles (4) to exclude the effects of any statutory adjustments to corporate tax rates (5) to exclude the effects of items that are unusual in nature or occur infrequently as determined under generally accepted accounting principles (6) to exclude the dilutive effects of acquisitions or joint ventures (7) to assume that any business divested by the Company achieved performance objectives at targeted levels during the balance of a Performance Period following such divestiture (8) to exclude the effect of any change in the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company by reason of any stock dividend or split, stock repurchase, reorganization, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination or exchange of shares or other similar corporate change, or any distributions to common stockholders other than regular cash dividends (9) to exclude the effects of stock based compensation and the award of bonuses under the Company s bonus plans (10) to exclude costs incurred in connection with potential acquisitions or divestitures that are required to expensed under generally accepted accounting principles and (11) to exclude the goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges that are required to be recorded under generally accepted accounting principles. In addition, the Board retains the discretion to reduce or eliminate the compensation or economic benefit due upon attainment of Performance Goals and to define the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for such Performance Period. Partial achievement of the specified criteria may result in the payment or vesting corresponding to the degree of achievement as specified in the Award Agreement or the written terms of a Performance Cash Award. 
 25 

(xx) Performance Period means the period of time selected by the Board over which the attainment of one or more Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose of determining a Participant s right to vesting or exercise of an Award. Performance Periods may be of varying and overlapping duration, at the sole discretion of the Board. 
 (yy) Plan means this Unity Software Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time. 
 (zz) Plan Administrator means the person, persons, and or third-party administrator designated by the Company to administer the day to day operations of the Plan and the Company s other equity incentive programs. 
 (aaa) Post-Termination Exercise Period means the period following termination of a Participant s Continuous Service within which an Option or SAR is exercisable, as specified in Section 4(h). 
 (bbb) Prior Plans Available Reserve means the number of shares available for the grant of new awards under the Prior Plans as of immediately prior to the Effective Time. 
 (ccc) Prior Plans means the Company s 2009 Stock Plan and 2019 Stock Plan. 
 (ddd) Prospectus means the document containing the Plan information specified in Section 10(a) of the Securities Act. 
 (eee) Restricted Stock Award or RSA means an Award of shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5(a). 
 (fff) Restricted Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Award grant. The Restricted Stock Award Agreement includes the Grant Notice for the Restricted Stock Award and the agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the Restricted Stock Award and which is provided to a Participant along with the Grant Notice. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (ggg) Returning Shares means shares subject to outstanding stock awards granted under the Prior Plans and that following the Effective Time (A) are not issued because such stock award or any portion thereof expires or otherwise terminates without all of the shares covered by such stock award having been issued (B) are not issued because such stock award or any portion thereof is settled in cash (C) are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required for the vesting of such shares (D) are withheld or reacquired to satisfy the exercise, strike or purchase price or (E) are withheld or reacquired to satisfy a tax withholding obligation provided, however, that any such shares that are shares of Common Stock shall instead be added to the Share Reserve as shares of Common Stock as described in Section 2(a). 
 (hhh) RSU Award or RSU means an Award of restricted stock units representing the right to receive an issuance of shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5(a). 
 (iii) RSU Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a RSU Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a RSU Award. The RSU Award Agreement includes the Grant Notice for the RSU Award and the agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the RSU Award and which is provided to a Participant along with the Grant Notice. Each RSU Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (jjj) Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect from time to time. 
 (kkk) Rule 405 means Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act. 
 (lll) Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and other guidance thereunder. 
 26 

(mmm) Section 409A Change in Control means a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets, as provided in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder). 
 (nnn) Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 (ooo) Share Reserve means the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan as set forth in Section 2(a). 
 (ppp) Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means a right to receive the appreciation on Common Stock that is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 4. 
 (qqq) SAR Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a SAR evidencing the terms and conditions of a SAR grant. The SAR Agreement includes the Grant Notice for the SAR and the agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the SAR and which is provided to a Participant along with the Grant Notice. Each SAR Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (rrr) Subsidiary means, with respect to the Company, (i) any corporation of which more than 50 of the outstanding Common Stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, stock of any other class or classes of such corporation will have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, Owned by the Company, and (ii) any partnership, limited liability company or other entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than 50 . 
 (sss) Ten Percent Stockholder means a person who Owns (or is deemed to Own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock possessing more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Affiliate. 
 (ttt) Trading Policy means the Company s policy permitting certain individuals to sell Company shares only during certain window periods and or otherwise restricts the ability of certain individuals to transfer or encumber Company shares, as in effect from time to time. 
 (uuu) Unvested Non-Exempt Award means the portion of any Non-Exempt Award that had not vested in accordance with its terms upon or prior to the date of any Corporate Transaction. 
 (vvv) Vested Non-Exempt Award means the portion of any Non-Exempt Award that had vested in accordance with its terms upon or prior to the date of a Corporate Transaction. 

27 

Unity Software Inc. 
 Stock Option Grant Notice 
 (2020 Equity Incentive Plan) 
 Unity Software Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to its 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), has granted to you Optionholder an option to purchase the number of shares of the Common Stock set forth below (the Option ). Your Option is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein and in the Plan and the Global Stock Option Agreement, including any country-specific appendices thereto (the Appendix ), all of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined herein but defined in the Plan or the Global Stock Option Agreement (including the Appendix) shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or the Global Stock Option Agreement, as applicable. 
 Optionholder Date of Grant Vesting Commencement Date Number of Shares of Common Stock Subject to Option Exercise Price (Per Share) Expiration Date 
 Type of Grant Incentive Stock Option OR Nonstatutory Stock Option Exercise and Vesting Schedule Subject to the Optionholder s Continuous Service through each applicable vesting date, the Option will vest as follows __________ If the Optionholder s Continuous Service terminates because of the Optionholder s death (i) within the first year of Optionholder s Continuous Service, then 50 of the Number of Shares of Common Stock Subject to Option as set forth above shall vest effective as of immediately prior to the effective time of such termination or (ii) on or following the first year of Optionholder s Continuous Service, then 100 of the Number of Shares of Common Stock Subject to Option set forth above shall vest effective as of immediately prior to the effective time of such termination. 
 Optionholder Acknowledgements By your signature below or by electronic acceptance or authentication in a form authorized by the Company, you understand and agree that 
 The Option is governed by this Stock Option Grant Notice, and the provisions of the Plan and the Global Stock Option Agreement (including the Appendix), all of which are made a part of this document. This Grant Notice, the Global Stock Option Agreement and the Appendix (collectively, the Agreement may not be modified, amended or revised except in a writing signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company, unless otherwise provided in the Plan. 
 If the Option is an Incentive Stock Option, it (plus other outstanding Incentive Stock Options granted to you) cannot be first exercisable for more than 100,000 in value (measured by exercise price) in any calendar year. Any excess over 100,000 is a Nonstatutory Stock Option. 
 You consent to receive the Agreement, the Plan, the Prospectus and any other Plan-related documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 You have read and are familiar with the provisions of the Plan, the Agreement and the Prospectus. In the event of any conflict between the provisions in this Agreement (including the Grant Notice, the Global Option Agreement and the Appendix) or the Prospectus and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control. 
 1 

This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding the acquisition of Common Stock and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements, promises and or representations on that subject with the exception of other equity awards previously granted to you and any written employment agreement, offer letter, severance agreement, written severance plan or policy, or other written agreement between the Company and you in each case that specifies the terms that should govern this Option. 
 Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or other applicable law) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered will be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 
 UNITY SOFTWARE INC. OPTIONHOLDER By 
 John Riccitiello Signature Title President & CEO Date Date (Grant Date) 
 
 2 

Unity Software Inc. 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Global Stock Option Agreement 
 As reflected by your Stock Option Grant Notice Grant Notice Unity Software Inc. (the Company has granted you an option under its 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan to purchase a number of shares of Common Stock at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice (the Option ). Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Global Stock Option Agreement but defined in the Grant Notice or the Plan shall have the meanings set forth in the Grant Notice or Plan, as applicable. The terms of your Option as specified in the Grant Notice and this Global Stock Option Agreement, including the Appendix, as defined below, constitute your Agreement (the Grant Notice, Global Stock Option Agreement and Appendix, collectively, are referred to as the Agreement ). 
 The general terms and conditions applicable to your Option are as follows 
 1. GOVERNING PLAN DOCUMENT. Your Option is subject to all the provisions of the Plan. Your Option is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the Option Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. 
 2. EXERCISE. 
 (a) You may generally exercise the vested portion of your Option for whole shares of Common Stock at any time during its term by delivery of payment of the exercise price and applicable withholding taxes and other required documentation to the Plan Administrator in accordance with the exercise procedures established by the Plan Administrator, which may include an electronic submission. Please review the Plan, which may restrict or prohibit your ability to exercise your Option during certain periods. 
 (b) To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, you may pay your Option exercise price as follows 
 (i) cash, check, bank draft or money order 
 (ii) subject to Company and or Committee consent at the time of exercise, pursuant to a cashless exercise program as further described in the Plan if at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded 
 (iii) subject to Company and or Committee consent at the time of exercise, by delivery of previously owned shares of Common Stock as further described in the Plan or 
 (iv) subject to Company and or Committee consent at the time of exercise, if the Option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, by a net exercise arrangement as further described in the Plan. 
 3. TERM. You may not exercise your Option before the commencement of its term or after its term expires. The term of your option commences on the Date of Grant and expires upon the earliest of the following 
 (a) immediately upon the termination of your Continuous Service for Cause 
 (b) three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason other than Cause, Disability or death 
 (c) 12 months after the termination of your Continuous Service due to your Disability 
 (d) 12 months after your death if you die during your Continuous Service 
 3 

(e) immediately upon a Corporate Transaction if the Board has determined that the Option will terminate in connection with a Corporate Transaction, 
 (f) the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice or 
 (g) the day before the 10th anniversary of the Date of Grant. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you die during the period provided in Section 3(b), the term of your Option shall not expire until the earlier of (i) 12 months after your death, (ii) upon any termination of the Option in connection with a Corporate Transaction, (iii) the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice, or (iv) the day before the tenth anniversary of the Date of Grant. Additionally, the Post-Termination Exercise Period of your Option may be extended as provided in the Plan. 
 To obtain the U.S. federal income tax advantages associated with an Incentive Stock Option, the Code requires that at all times beginning on the date of grant of your Option and ending on the day three months before the date of your Option s exercise, you must be an employee of the Company or an Affiliate, except in the event of your death or Disability. If the Company provides for the extended exercisability of your Option under certain circumstances for your benefit, your Option will not necessarily be treated as an Incentive Stock Option if you exercise your Option more than three months after the date your employment terminates. 
 4. WITHHOLDING OBLIGATIONS. Regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the Affiliate to which you provide Continuous Service (the Service Recipient with respect to any income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items associated with the grant or exercise of the Option or sale of the underlying Common Stock or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you (the Tax Liability ), you hereby acknowledge and agree that the Tax Liability is your ultimate responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Service Recipient. You further acknowledge that the Company and the Service Recipient (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding any Tax Liability in connection with any aspect of this Option, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option, the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to such exercise, the subsequent sale of shares of Common Stock, and the payment of any dividends on the Shares and (b) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate your Tax Liability or achieve a particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to Tax Liability in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Service Recipient (or former service recipient, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Liability in more than one jurisdiction. 
 4 

As further provided in the Plan, you may not exercise your Option unless the applicable withholding obligations with respect to the Tax Liability are satisfied, and at the time you exercise your Option, in whole or in part, or at the time of any other applicable tax withholding event with respect to your Option, you hereby authorize the Company and any applicable Service Recipient to satisfy any applicable withholding obligations with regard to the Tax Liability by one or a combination of the following methods (i) withholding from your payroll and any other amounts payable to you, in accordance with Applicable Laws (ii) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of the Option (including by means of a cashless exercise pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company, or by means of the Company acting as your agent to sell sufficient shares of Common Stock for the proceeds to settle such withholding requirements, on your behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent) (iii) withholding shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to you upon the exercise of the Option, provided that to the extent necessary to qualify for an exemption from application of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, if applicable, such share withholding procedure will be subject to the express prior approval of the Board or the Company s Compensation Committee or (iv) any other method determined by the Company to be in compliance with Applicable Law. Furthermore, you agree to pay the Company or the Service Recipient any amount the Company or the Service Recipient may be required to withhold, collect or pay as a result of your participation in the Plan or that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. In the event that the amount of the Company s or applicable Service Recipient s withholding obligation in connection with your Option was greater than the amount actually withheld by the Company, you agree to indemnify and hold the Company and the applicable Service Recipient harmless from any failure by the Company or the applicable Service Recipient to withhold the proper amount. 
 The Company may withhold or account for your Tax Liability by considering statutory withholding amounts or other withholding rates applicable in your jurisdiction(s), including (1) maximum applicable rates, in which case you may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash (whether from applicable tax authorities or the Company) and will have no entitlement to the equivalent amount in Common Stock or (2) minimum or such other applicable rates, in which case you may be solely responsible for paying any additional Tax Liability to the applicable tax authorities. If the Tax Liability withholding obligation is satisfied by withholding shares of Common Stock, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Common Stock subject to the exercised portion of the Option, notwithstanding that a number of the shares of Common Stock is held back solely for the purpose of paying such Tax Liability. 
 You may not be able to exercise your Option even though the Option is vested, and the Company shall have no obligation to issue shares of Common Stock subject to your Option, unless and until such Tax Liability withholding obligations are satisfied, as determined by the Company. 
 5. INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION DISPOSITION REQUIREMENT. If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, you must notify the Company in writing within 15 days after the date of any disposition of any of the shares of the Common Stock issued upon exercise of your option that occurs within two years after the date of your option grant or within one year after such shares of Common Stock are transferred upon exercise of your option. 
 6. TRANSFERABILITY. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, your Option is not transferable, except by will or by the applicable laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during your life only by you. 
 7. CORPORATE TRANSACTION. Your Option is subject to the terms of any agreement governing a Corporate Transaction involving the Company, including, without limitation, a provision for the appointment of a stockholder representative that is authorized to act on your behalf with respect to any escrow, indemnities and any contingent consideration. 
 5 

8. NO LIABILITY FOR TAXES. As a condition to accepting the Option, you hereby (a) agree to not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to any Tax Liability arising from the Option or any other compensation from the Company or the Service Recipient and (b) acknowledge that you were advised to consult with your own personal tax, financial and other legal advisors regarding the tax consequences of the Option and have either done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. Additionally, you acknowledge that the Option is exempt from Section 409A only if the exercise price is at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant as determined by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation associated with the Option. Additionally, as a condition to accepting the Option, you agree not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates in the event that the U.S. Internal Revenue Service asserts that such exercise is less than the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant as subsequently determined by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
 9. SEVERABILITY. If any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of this Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid will, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 
 10. OTHER DOCUMENTS. You hereby acknowledge receipt of or the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Prospectus. In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company s Trading Policy. 
 11. QUESTIONS. If you have questions regarding these or any other terms and conditions applicable to your Option, including a summary of the applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences, please see the Prospectus. 
 12. LOCK-UP. By accepting the Option, you agree that you will not sell, dispose of, transfer, make any short sale of, grant any option for the purchase of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a sale with respect to any shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company held by you, for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days following the effective date of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act or such longer period as the underwriters or the Company will request to facilitate compliance with FINRA Rule 2241 or any successor or similar rules or regulation (the Lock-Up Period provided, however, that nothing contained in this section will prevent the exercise of a repurchase option, if any, in favor of the Company during the Lock-Up Period. You further agree to execute and deliver such other agreements as may be reasonably requested by the Company or the underwriters that are consistent with the foregoing or that are necessary to give further effect thereto. In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to your shares of Common Stock until the end of such period. You also agree that any transferee of any shares of Common Stock (or other securities) of the Company held by you will be bound by this Section 12. The underwriters of the Company s stock are intended third party beneficiaries of this Section 12 and will have the right, power and authority to enforce the provisions hereof as though they were a party hereto. 
 13. VENUE. For purposes of any action, lawsuit, or other proceedings brought to enforce this Agreement, relating to it, or arising from it, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of California, or the federal courts for Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this grant is made and or to be performed. 
 14. WAIVER. You acknowledge that a waiver by the Company of any provision, or breach thereof, of this Agreement on any occasion shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of such provision on any other occasion or as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other Participant. 
 6 

15. APPENDIX. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Option grant shall be subject to any additional or different terms and conditions set forth in the Appendix to this Global Stock Option Agreement for your country (the Appendix set forth as Exhibit A to this Global Stock Option Agreement. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the additional or different terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendix constitutes part of this Global Stock Option Agreement. 
 
 7 

EXHIBIT A 
 Unity Software Inc. 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Appendix to Global Stock Option Agreement 
 Terms and Conditions 
 This Appendix includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Option granted to you under the Plan if you reside and or work outside of the United States. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan and or the Global Stock Option Agreement to which this Appendix is attached. 
 If you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently working and or residing, transfer to another country after the Date of Grant, or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the Company shall, in its discretion, determine the extent to which the terms and conditions contained herein shall be applicable to you. 
 Notifications 
 This Appendix also includes information regarding securities, exchange controls, tax, and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to your participation in the Plan. The information is provided solely for your convenience and is based on the securities, exchange control, tax, and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of July 2020. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information noted herein as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date by the time you vest in or exercises this Option or sell any shares of Common Stock. 
 In addition, the information contained in this Appendix is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure you of any particular result. Accordingly, you should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the Applicable Laws in your country may apply to your situation. 
 Finally, you understand that if you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently residing and or working, transfer to another country after the Date of Grant, or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the notifications contained herein may not be applicable to you in the same manner. 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO NON-U.S. PARTICIPANTS 
 In accepting this Option, you acknowledge, understand and agree to the following 
 1. Data Privacy Information . The Company is located at 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States, and grants Awards to employees of the Company and its Affiliates, at the Company s sole discretion. If you would like to participate in the Plan, please review the following information about the Company s data processing practices. 
 The following provision applies to Participants who work and or reside outside the European Union European Economic Area. 
 Data Collection and Usage. You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in the Grant Notice and the Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Company, the Service Recipient and other Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 8 

Data Processing. You understands that the Company and the Service Recipient may hold certain personal information about you, including, without limitation, your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality and citizenship, job title, any shares of Common Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Awards or other entitlements to shares of Common Stock, granted, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data ), for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
 Stock Plan Administration, Data Transfer, Retention and Data Subject Rights . You understand that the Data will be transferred to Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (including its affiliated companies) Schwab and or Equity Plan Solutions EPS ), which are assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in your country of work and or residence, or elsewhere, and that any recipient s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country of work and or residence. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorizes the Company, Schwab, EPS and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your Continuous Service will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you the Option or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusal or withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 The following provision applies to Participants who work and or reside inside the European Union European Economic Area (including the United Kingdom). 
 Data Collection and Usage . The Company, the Service Recipient, and other Affiliates collect, process, transfer and use personal data about you that is necessary for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. This personal data may include your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality and citizenship, job title, any shares of Common Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Awards or other entitlements to shares of Common Stock, granted, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data ), which the Company receives from you or the Service Recipient. 
 Purposes and Legal Bases of Processing . The Company processes the Data for the purpose of performing its contractual obligations under the Agreement, granting Options, implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. The legal basis for the processing of the Data by the Company and the third party service providers described below is the necessity of the data processing for the Company to perform its contractual obligations under the Agreement and for the Company s legitimate business interests of managing the Plan and generally administering employee equity awards. 
 9 

Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Company transfers Data to Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (including its affiliated companies) Schwab and or Equity Plan Solutions EPS ), independent service providers with operations, relevant to the Company, in Canada and the United States, which assist the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. In the future, the Company may select a different service provider and share your Data with another service provider that serves in a similar manner. The Company s service provider may open an account for you to receive and trade shares of Common Stock. The processing of your Data will take place through both electronic and non-electronic means. You may be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with Schwab or EPS, with such agreement being a condition of the ability to participate in the Plan. 
 International Data Transfers . You understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country e.g ., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any then-current recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. When transferring Data to its affiliates, Schwab and EPS, the Company provides appropriate safeguards described in the Company s applicable policy on data privacy. 
 Data Retention . The Company will use your Data only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including under tax, exchange control, securities, and labor laws. When the Company no longer needs your Data, the Company will remove it from its systems. The Company may keep some of your Data longer to satisfy legal or regulatory obligations and the Company s legal basis for such use would be necessity to comply with legal obligations. 
 Contractual Requirement . Your provision of Data and its processing as described above is a contractual requirement and a condition to your ability to participate in the Plan. You understands that, as a consequence of your refusing to provide Data, the Company may not be able to allow you to participate in the Plan, grant Options to you or administer or maintain such Options. However, your participation in the Plan and your acceptance of the Option Agreement are purely voluntary. While you will not receive Options if you decide against participating in the Plan or providing Data as described above, your career and salary will not be affected in any way. 
 Data Subject Rights . You have a number of rights under data privacy laws in your country. Depending on where you are based, your rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of your Data the Company processes, (ii) rectify incorrect Data and or delete your Data, (iii) restrict processing of your Data, (iv) portability of your Data, (v) lodge complaints with the competent data protection authorities in your country and or (vi) obtain a list with the names and addresses of any recipients of your Data. To receive clarification regarding your rights or to exercise your rights please contact the Company at Unity Software Inc., stockadmin unity3d.com, Attn Stock Administrator. 
 2. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . You acknowledge that, depending on your country, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws in applicable jurisdictions, which may affect your ability to directly or indirectly, accept, acquire, sell or attempt to sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Common Stock or rights to the shares of Common Stock, or rights linked to the value of Common Stock during such times as you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the Applicable Laws). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders placed by you before possessing the inside information. Furthermore, you may be prohibited from (i) disclosing inside information to any third party, including fellow employees (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them to otherwise buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and you should speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 
 10 

3. Language . You acknowledge that you are sufficiently proficient in English, or have consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English, so as to allow you to understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Furthermore, if you have received this Agreement, or any other document related to the Option and or the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 4. Foreign Asset Account Reporting Requirements . You acknowledge that there may be certain foreign asset and or account, exchange control and or tax reporting requirements which may affect your ability to acquire or hold shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including any proceeds arising from the sale of shares of Common Stock or the payment of any cash dividends on the Common Stock) in a bank or brokerage account outside your country. Applicable Laws may require that you report such accounts, assets, the balances therein, the value thereof and or the transactions related thereto to the applicable authorities in such country. You also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of participating in the Plan to your country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. It is your responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and you should speak with your personal advisor on this matter. 
 5. Additional Acknowledgments and Agreements . In accepting this Option, you also acknowledge, understand and agree that 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature, and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 (b) the grant of the Option is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of options, or benefits in lieu of options, even if options have been granted in the past 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future option or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (d) the Option grant and your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company, the Service Recipient, or any Affiliate, and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Service Recipient or any Affiliate, as applicable, to terminate your employment or service relationship at any time 
 (e) You are voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 (f) the Option and any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 (g) The Option and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Option, and the income from and value of same, are an extraordinary item of compensation outside the scope of your employment or service contract, if any, and is not to be considered part of your normal or expected compensation for any purpose, including calculating severance, resignation, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, holiday pay, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments. 
 (h) the future value of the Common Stock underlying the Option is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (i) if the underlying shares of Common Stock do not increase in value, the Option will have no value 
 (j) if you exercise the Option and acquire shares of Common Stock, the value of such Common Stock may increase or decrease in value, even below the Exercise Price 
 (k) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the Option and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Option, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, service you may provide as a director of an Affiliate 
 11 

(l) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Option resulting from the termination of your Continuous Service (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of Applicable Laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) 
 (m) for purposes of the Option, your Continuous Service will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing service (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of Applicable Laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing service or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), and unless otherwise determined by the Company or provided in the Agreement, your right to vest in the Option and the period (if any) during which you may exercise the Option after such termination of your Continuous Service will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period e.g. , your period of Continuous Service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under Applicable Laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing service or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing service for purposes of your Option grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing service while on a leave of absence) 
 (n) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Option and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Option or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the shares of the Company 
 (o) the Option and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Option are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose and 
 (p) neither the Company, the Service Recipient nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Option or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise. 
 AUSTRALIA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Australian Offer Document . The Company is providing you with an offer to participate in the Plan. This offer sets out information regarding the Option to Australian resident employees. This information is provided by the Company to ensure compliance of the Plan with Australian Securities and Investments Commission ASIC Class Order 14 1000 and relevant provisions of the Corporations Act 2001. 
 In addition to the information set out in the Agreement, you are also being provided with copies of the following documents 
 (a) the Plan 
 (b) the Plan prospectus and 
 (c) Employee Information Supplement (collectively, the Additional Documents ). 
 The Additional Documents provide further information to help you make an informed investment decision about participating in the Plan. Neither the Plan nor the Plan prospectus is a prospectus for the purposes of the Corporations Act 2001. 
 You should not rely upon any oral statements made in relation to this offer. You should rely only upon the statements contained in the Agreement and the Additional Documents when considering participation in the Plan. 
 12 

Notifications 
 Nature of Plan . The Plan is a plan to which Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) applies (subject to the conditions in that Act). 
 Securities Law Information . Investment in shares of Common Stock involves a degree of risk. Eligible Employees who elect to participate in the Plan should monitor their participation and consider all risk factors relevant to the acquisition of shares of Common Stock under the Plan as set forth below and in the Additional Documents. 
 The information herein is general information only. It is not advice or information that takes into account your objectives, financial situation and needs. You should consider obtaining your own financial product advice from a person who is licensed by ASIC to give such advice. 
 Additional Risk Factors for Australian Residents . You should have regard to risk factors relevant to investment in securities generally and, in particular, to holding shares of Common Stock. For example, the price at which an individual share of Common Stock is quoted on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE may increase or decrease due to a number of factors. There is no guarantee that the price of the Common Stock will increase. Factors that may affect the price of the Common Stock include fluctuations in the domestic and international market for listed stocks, general economic conditions, including interest rates, inflation rates, commodity and oil prices, changes to government fiscal, monetary or regulatory policies, legislation or regulation, the nature of the markets in which the Company operates and general operational and business risks. 
 More information about potential factors that could affect the Company s business and financial results will be included in the Company s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Copies of these reports are available at www.sec.gov, on the Company s investor s page at https investors.unity.com overview default.aspx , and upon request to the Company. 
 In addition, you should be aware that the Australian dollar AUD value of any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan will be affected by the USD AUD exchange rate. Participation in the Plan involves certain risks related to fluctuations in this rate of exchange. 
 Common Stock in a U.S. Corporation . Common stock of a U.S. corporation is analogous to ordinary shares of an Australian corporation. Each holder of a share of Common Stock is entitled to one vote. Dividends may be paid on the shares of Common Stock out of any funds of the Company legally available for dividends at the discretion of the Board. Further, the Common Stock is not liable to any further calls for payment of capital or for other assessment by the Company and have no sinking fund provisions, pre-emptive rights, conversion rights or redemption provisions. 
 Ascertaining the Market Price of Shares . You may ascertain the current market price of the Common Stock as traded on the NYSE under the symbol U at https www.nyse.com quote XNYS U . The AUD equivalent of that price can be obtained at www.rba.gov.au statistics frequency exchange-rates.html. Please note that this is not a prediction of what the market price of the Common Stock will be on any applicable vesting date or when shares of Common Stock are issued to you (or at any other time), or of the applicable exchange rate at such time. 
 Exchange Control Obligations . If you are an Australian resident, exchange control reporting is required for cash transactions exceeding AUD 10,000 and for international fund transfers. If an Australian bank is assisting with the transaction, the bank will file the report on your behalf. If there is no Australian bank involved with the transfer, you will be required to file the report. 
 13 

BELGIUM 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . Belgian residents are required to report any security or bank accounts (including brokerage accounts) opened and maintained outside Belgium on their annual tax return. In a separate report, they must provide the National Bank of Belgium with certain details regarding such foreign accounts (including the account number, bank name and country in which such account was opened). The forms to complete this report are available on the website of the National Bank of Belgium. 
 Tax Notification . Affirmatively accepting stock options in writing within 60 days after the date of the Option offer i.e. , the date on which you are first notified in writing of the material terms and conditions of the Option grant), will result in taxation of the Option on the 60th day after the offer date. If the Option is accepted more than 60 days after the Option offer, the Option will be taxed at exercise. You should consult with your personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with applicable tax obligations. 
 CANADA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Method of Payment . The following provision supplements and modifies Section 2(b) of the Global Stock Option Agreement 
 For avoidance of doubt, you are prohibited from surrendering shares of Common Stock that you already own to pay the Exercise Price or any Tax Liability in connection with the exercise of the Option. The Company reserves the right to permit this method of payment depending upon the development of local law. 
 Termination of Service . The following provision replaces Section 5(m) of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants set forth above 
 For purposes of the Option, your Continuous Service will be considered terminated as of the date that is the earliest of (i) the date of termination of your Continuous Service, (ii) the date you receive notice of termination from the Service Recipient, and (iii) the date you are no longer actively providing service (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of Canadian labor laws or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), and unless otherwise determined by the Company or provided in the Agreement, your right to vest in the Option and the period (if any) during which you may exercise the Option after such termination of your Continuous Service will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period e.g. , your period of Continuous Service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under Canadian employment laws or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of your Option grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if applicable employment standards legislation explicitly requires continued entitlement to vesting during a statutory notice period, your right to vest in the Option under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the last day of the your minimum statutory notice period, but you will not earn or be entitled to pro-rated vesting if the vesting date falls after the end of the your statutory notice period, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting 
 The following provisions will apply if you are a resident of Quebec 
 Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information . The following provision supplements Section 1 of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants set forth above 
 14 

You hereby authorize the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. You further authorize the Company and or any Affiliate to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. You further authorizes the Company and any Affiliate to record such information and to keep such information in your employee file. 
 French Language Provision . The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
 Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig la r daction en anglais de la Convention, ainsi que de tous documents, avis et proc dures judiciaires, ex cut s, donn s ou intent s en vertu de, ou li s directement ou indirectement , la pr sente convention. 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . The sale or other disposal of the shares of Common Stock acquired at exercise of the Option may not take place within Canada. You will be permitted to sell or dispose of any shares of Common Stock under the Plan only if such sale or disposal takes place outside Canada on the facilities on which such shares are traded i.e. , the New York Stock Exchange). 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . You are required to report any foreign specified property on form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total value of the foreign specified property exceeds C 100,000 at any time in the year. Foreign specified property includes shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, and may include the Option. The Option must be reported (generally at a nil cost) if the 100,000 cost threshold is exceeded because of other foreign specified property you hold. If shares of Common Stock are acquired, their cost generally is the adjusted cost base ACB of the Shares. The ACB ordinarily would equal the fair market value of the Common Stock at the time of acquisition, but if you own other Shares, this ACB may have to be averaged with the ACB of the other shares of Common Stock. The form must be filed by April 30 of the following year. You should consult with your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting obligations. 
 CHINA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 The following provisions apply to you if you are a People s Republic of China PRC national 
 Exercise of Option . The following provision supplements and modifies Sections 2 and 3 of the Global Stock Option Agreement. 
 Due to legal restrictions, the Option shall become exercisable by you only at such time as the shares of Common Stock are not subject to a market stand-off or lock-up agreement and all necessary exchange control and other approvals from the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange or its local counterpart SAFE have been received for Options granted under the Plan, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion (the Liquidity Date ). Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, to exercise the Option, you must pay the Exercise Price by a Cashless Exercise as described in Section 2(b)(ii) of the Global Stock Option Agreement, and the net cash proceeds from such exercise will be remitted to you in accordance with applicable exchange control law. In the event shares of Common Stock are issued upon exercise of the Option, the Company has discretion to arrange for the sale of the shares of Common Stock issued, either immediately upon exercise or at any time thereafter and the Company may require you to hold such shares of Common Stock in a designated brokerage account. 
 15 

In the event your Continuous Service terminates after the Liquidity Date, all unvested Options will be forfeited and you must exercise any vested Options within such time as required by the Company s SAFE approval (but in no event beyond the applicable time limit set forth in the Grant Notice and Global Stock Option Agreement). However, if your Continuous Service with terminates prior to the Liquidity Date for any reason other than Cause, and you are unable to exercise the Option within the applicable time period specified in Section 3 of the Global Stock Option Agreement due to the legal restrictions described above, the Option, to the extent vested and unexercised on the date on which your Continuous Service terminated, may be exercised by you at any time prior to the expiration of twenty-four (24) months after the date on which your Continuous Service terminated or within such shorter period as required by the Company s SAFE approval, but in any event no later than the Expiration Date. 
 If or to the extent the Company is unable to obtain or maintain SAFE approval, the Option may not be exercised and no shares of Common Stock subject to the Options shall be issued. 
 Exchange Control Obligations . You understand and agree that you will be required to immediately repatriate to China the proceeds from the sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan and any cash dividends paid on such shares of Common Stock. You further understand that such repatriation of proceeds may need to be effected through a special bank account established by the Company (or an Affiliate), and you hereby consent and agree that any sale proceeds and cash dividends may be transferred to such special account by the Company (or an Affiliate) on your behalf prior to being delivered to you and that no interest shall be paid with respect to funds held in such account. 
 The proceeds may be paid to you in U.S. dollars or local currency at the Company s discretion. If the proceeds are paid to you in U.S. dollars, you understands that a U.S. dollar bank account in China must be established and maintained so that the proceeds may be deposited into such account. If the proceeds are paid to you in local currency, you acknowledge that the Company (or an Affiliate) is under no obligation to secure any particular exchange conversion rate and that the Company (or an Affiliate) may face delays in converting the proceeds to local currency due to exchange control restrictions. You agree to bear any currency fluctuation risk between the time the shares of Common Stock are sold and the net proceeds are converted into local currency and distributed to you. You further agree to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company (or an Affiliate) in the future in order to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements in China. 
 COLOMBIA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Nature of Grant . Pursuant to article 127 of the Colombian Labor Code, neither the Option nor any proceeds or other funds you may receive pursuant to the Option will be considered a salary payment for any legal purpose, including, but not limited to, determining vacation pay, termination indemnities, payroll taxes or social insurance contributions. In consequence, the Option and any proceeds or other funds you may receive pursuant to the Option will be considered as non-salary payments as per Article 128 of the Colombian Labor Code (as amended by Article 15 of Law 50 of 1990) and Article 17 of Law 344 of 1996. 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . The shares of Common Stock are not and will not be registered in the Colombian registry of publicly traded securities Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores and, therefore, the shares of Common Stock may not be offered to the public in Colombia. Nothing in the Grant Notice, the Agreement, the Plan or any other document related to the Option shall be construed as the making of a public offer of securities in Colombia. 
 16 

Exchange Control Information . You are responsible for complying with any and all Colombian foreign exchange requirements in connection with the Option, any shares of Common Stock acquired and funds remitted out of or into Colombia in connection with the Plan. This may include, among others, reporting obligations to the Central Bank Banco de la Rep blica and, in certain circumstances, repatriation requirements. You are responsible for ensuring your compliance with any applicable requirements and should speak to your personal legal advisor on this matter. 
 Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . You must file an annual return providing details of assets held abroad to the Colombian Tax Office Direcci n de Impuestos y Aduanas Nacionales ). If the individual value of these assets exceeds a certain threshold (currently 3,580 UVT or approximately COP 118,698,000) , you must identify and characterize each asset, specify the jurisdiction in which it is located, and provide its value. 
 You should consult with your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable requirements. 
 CZECH REPUBLIC 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . Czech residents may be required to fulfill certain notification duties in relation to the Options and the opening and maintenance of a foreign account. Such notification will be required if the aggregate value of your foreign direct investments is CZK 2,500,000 or more, you have CZK 200,000,000 or more in foreign financial assets, or you are specifically requested to do so by the Czech National Bank. However, because exchange control regulations may change without notice, you should consult your personal legal advisor prior to the exercise of the Options to ensure compliance with current regulations. It is your responsibility to comply with applicable Czech exchange control laws. 
 DENMARK 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Stock Option Act Notification . You acknowledge you have been provided with an Employer statement translated into Danish, which is being provided to comply with the Danish Stock Option Act. The Employer statement is attached hereto as Exhibit B. 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . If you establish an account holding shares of Common Stock or cash outside Denmark, you must report the account to the Danish Tax Administration. The form which should be used in this respect can be obtained from a local bank. 
 FINLAND 
 There are no country-specific terms. 
 FRANCE 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Option Type . The Option is not intended to qualify for specific tax or social security treatment in France. 
 Language Consent . By accepting the Option, you confirm having read and understood the documents relating to this grant (the Plan and the Agreement), which were provided in English language. You accepts the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 17 

En acceptant l attribution, vous confirmez ainsi avoir lu et compris les documents relatifs cette attribution (le Plan et ce Contrat) qui ont t communiqu s en langue anglaise. Vous acceptez les termes en connaissance de cause. 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Notification . French residents holding cash or securities (including shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan) outside France must declare such accounts to the French Tax Authorities when filing their annual tax returns. 
 GERMANY 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Notification . Cross-border payments in excess of 12,500 (including transactions made in connection with the sale of securities) must be reported monthly to the German Federal Bank Bundesbank ). If you make or receive a payment in excess of this amount in connection with your participation in the Plan, you must report the payment to Bundesbank electronically using the General Statistics Reporting Portal Allgemeines Meldeportal Statistik available via Bundesbank s website www.bundesbank.de ). 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Notification . If your acquisition of shares of Common Stock under the Plan leads to a qualified participation at any point during the calendar year, you will need to report the acquisition when you file your tax return for the relevant year. A qualified participation is attained if (i) the value of the shares of Common Stock acquired exceeds EUR 150,000 or (ii) in the unlikely event you hold shares of Common Stock exceeding 10 of the total Common Stock. However, if the shares of Common Stock are listed on a recognized U.S. stock exchange and you own less than 1 of the Company, this requirement will not apply to you. 
 INDIA 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . You must repatriate any funds recognized in connection with the Option to India within certain prescribed time periods (e.g., proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock must be repatriated within 180 days of receipt or within such other period of time as may be required under applicable regulations). You should obtain a foreign inward remittance certificate FIRC from the bank where you deposit the foreign currency and maintain the FIRC as evidence of the repatriation of funds in the event the Reserve Bank of India, the Company, or the Service Recipient requests proof of repatriation. 
 Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . Indian residents are required to declare any foreign bank accounts and any foreign financial assets (including shares of Common Stock held outside India) in their annual tax return. 
 IRELAND 
 Notifications 
 Director Notification Obligation . Directors, shadow directors or secretaries of an Irish Affiliate must notify the Irish Affiliate in writing within five business days of receiving or disposing of an interest in the Company e.g ., Options granted under the Plan, shares of Common Stock, etc.), or within five business days of becoming aware of the event giving rise to the notification requirement or within five business days of becoming a director or secretary if such an interest exists at the time, but only to the extent such individuals own 1 or more of the total Common Stock. If applicable, this notification requirement also applies with respect to the interests of the spouse or children under the age of 18 of the director, shadow director or secretary (whose interests will be attributed to the director, shadow director or secretary). 
 18 

ISRAEL 
 Terms and Conditions 
 The following provisions apply if you were an Israeli tax resident at the time of grant of the Options 
 Trust Arrangement . You understand and agree that the Options awarded under the Agreement are awarded subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Israeli Subplan (the Sub-Plan ), the Agreement, the Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement ), between the Company and the Company s trustee, IBI Capital Trust Ltd. (the Trustee ), appointed by the Company or a Participating Company, or any successor trustee. In the event of any inconsistencies between the Sub-Plan, the Agreement and or the Plan, the Sub-Plan will govern. 
 Type of Grant . The Options are intended to qualify for favorable tax treatment in Israel as a Trustee 102 Award (as defined in the Sub-Plan) subject to the terms and conditions of Section 102(b)(2) of the Income Tax Ordinance (New Version) 1961 Section 102 and the rules promulgated thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, by accepting the Options, you acknowledge that the Company cannot guarantee or represent that the favorable tax treatment under the 102 Capital Gains Track will apply to the Options. 
 By accepting the Options, you (a) acknowledge receipt of and represent that you have read and are familiar with the terms and provisions of Section 102, the Plan, the Sub-Plan, and the Agreement (b) accept the Options subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the Plan, the Sub-Plan and Section 102 and the rules promulgated thereunder and (c) agree that the Options and or any shares of Common Stock issued in connection therewith, will be registered for your benefit in the name of the Trustee as required to qualify under Section 102. 
 You hereby undertake to release the Trustee from any liability in respect of any action or decision duly taken and bona fide executed in relation to the Plan, or any Options or shares of Common Stock granted thereunder. You agree to execute any and all documents which the Company or the Trustee may reasonably determine to be necessary in order to comply with Section 102 and the Income Tax Ordinance (New Version) 1961 ITO ). 
 Electronic Delivery . To the extent required pursuant to Israeli tax law and or by the Trustee, you consent and agree to deliver hard-copy written notices and or actual copies of any notices or confirmations provided by you related to you participation in the Plan. If you reside in Israel and have not already signed an Israeli consent in connection with grants made under the Plan, then you must print, sign and deliver the signed copy of the Israeli consent provided by the Company within 60 days back to the Company (c o Unity Stock Admin). If the Company or its Subsidiary Corporation in Israel do not receive the signed Israeli consent within 60 days, the Company may cancel the Options in which case, the Options will become null and void. 
 The following provisions apply if you were not an Israeli tax resident at the time of grant of the Options or if the Options do not qualify as a 102 Capital Gains Track Grant 
 Immediate Sale Restriction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the Agreement, you may be required to immediately sell all shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise the Options. Pursuant to this requirement, you authorize the Company to instruct its designated broker to assist with the mandatory sale of the shares of Common Stock (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent) and you expressly authorize such broker to complete the sale of such shares of Common Stock. You acknowledge that the Company s designated broker is under no obligation to arrange for the sale of the shares of Common Stock at any particular price. Upon the sale of the shares of Common Stock, the Company agrees to pay to you the cash proceeds from the sale, less any brokerage fees or commissions and any Tax Liability. 
 19 

JAPAN 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Notification . If you pay more than 30,000,000 in a single transaction for the purchase of shares of Common Stock when you exercise the Option, you must file a Payment Report with the Ministry of Finance through the Bank of Japan by the 20th day of the month following the month in which the payment was made. The precise reporting requirements vary depending on whether the relevant payment is made through a bank in Japan. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . You will be required to report details of any assets held outside Japan as of December 31st to the extent such assets have a total net fair market value exceeding 50,000,000. Such report will be due by March 15th each year. You should consult with your personal tax advisor as to whether the reporting obligation applies to you and whether the requirement extends to any outstanding Options, shares of Common Stock and or cash acquired under the Plan. 
 Please note that a Payment Report is required independently from a Securities Acquisition Report. Therefore, you must file both a Payment Report and a Securities Acquisition Report if the total amount you pay in a single transaction for exercising the Option and purchasing shares of Common Stock exceeds 50,000,000. 
 LITHUANIA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Language Consent . By accepting the Option, you unambiguously and irrevocably confirm having read and understood the documents relating to the option right (the Plan and the Agreement), which were prepared and provided in English language. You confirm and declare fully and wholly accepting the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 Priimdamas Opcion , Dalyvis nedviprasmi kai ir neat aukiamai patvirtina, jog, perskait ir suprato dokumentus susijusius su opciono teise (Plan ir Sutart ), kurie yra parengti ir pateikti angl kalba. Atitinkamai, Dalyvis patvirtina ir parei kia, jog pilvai ir visi kai sutinka su iuose dokumentuose i d stytomis s lygomis . 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . Lithuanian residents holding shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan outside Lithuania (in the securities accounts open with the non-Lithuanian brokers, credit institutions or similar) have to declare their foreign accounts where such securities are held to State Tax Inspectorate of the Republic of Lithuania STI ). 
 Tax Reporting Requirements . You must file an annual tax return providing details of income received from abroad (including income in kind the shares of Common Stock once they are obtained under the title of ownership) to the STI. 
 NETHERLANDS 
 There are no country-specific terms. 
 20 

NEW ZEALAND 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . WARNING This is an offer of Options to purchase shares of Common Stock. You understand that shares of Common Stock give you a stake in the ownership of the Company. You may receive a return if dividends are paid. The shares of Common Stock are quoted on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ). This means you may be able to sell them on the NYSE if there are interested buyers. You may get less than you invested. The price will depend on the demand for the shares of Common Stock. 
 If the Company runs into financial difficulties and is wound up, you will be paid, if at all, only after all creditors have been paid. You may lose some or all of your investment. 
 New Zealand law normally requires people who offer financial products to give information to investors before they invest. This information is designed to help investors make an informed decision. The usual rules do not apply to this offer because it is made under an employee share scheme. As a result, you may not be given all the information usually required. You will also have fewer other legal protections for this investment. 
 For information on risk factors impacting the Company s business that may affect the value of the shares of Common Stock, you should refer to the risk factors discussion in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and are available online at www.sec.gov, as well as on the Company s Investor Relations website at h ttp investors.unity.com . 
 You should ask questions, read all documents carefully, and seek independent financial advice before committing yourself. 
 PORTUGAL 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Language Consent . You expressly declare that you have full knowledge of the English language and have read, understood and fully accept and agree with the terms and conditions established in the Plan and the Agreement. 
 Conhecimento da Lingua. Pelo presente instrumento, voc declara expressamente que tem pleno conhecimento da l ngua Inglesa e que leu, compreendeu e livremente aceitou e concordou dos termos e condi es estabelecidas no Plano e no Acordo de Inscri o. 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . If you acquire shares of Common Stock under the Plan, the acquisition of the shares should be reported to the Banco de Portugal for statistical purposes. If the shares of Common Stock are deposited with a commercial bank or financial intermediary in Portugal, such bank or financial intermediary will submit the report on your behalf. If the shares of Common Stock are not deposited with a commercial bank or financial intermediary in Portugal, you are responsible for submitting the report to the Banco de Portugal. 
 21 

SINGAPORE 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Restriction on Sale of Shares . The Option is subject to section 257 of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA and you will not be able to make any subsequent offer to sell or sale of the shares of Common Stock in Singapore, unless such offer or sale is made (1) after six (6) months from the Date of Grant or (2) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA. 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Notice . The offer of the Plan, the grant of the Option, and the value of the underlying shares of Common Stock on exercise are being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the SFA. The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
 Director Notification . You understand and acknowledge that if you are a director, associate director or shadow director of a Singapore Affiliate, you are subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act, regardless of whether you are a Singapore resident or employed in Singapore. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Singapore Affiliate in writing when you receive an interest (e.g., Options or shares of Common Stock) in the Company. In addition, you must notify the Singapore Affiliate when you sell shares of Common Stock (including when you sell shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan). These notifications must be made within two days of acquiring or disposing of any interest in the Company. In addition, a notification must be made of your interests in the Company within two days of becoming a director, associate director or shadow director. 
 SOUTH KOREA 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . Korean residents must declare all foreign financial accounts e.g. , non-Korean bank accounts, brokerage accounts) to the Korean tax authority and file a report with respect to such accounts if the value of such accounts exceeds KRW 500 million (or an equivalent amount in foreign currency). You should consult with your personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable requirements. 
 SPAIN 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Nature of Grant . The following provision supplements Section 5 of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants set forth above 
 In accepting the Option, you acknowledge that you consent to participation in the Plan and have received a copy of the Plan. 
 22 

You understand that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously, and in its sole discretion decided to grant Options under the Plan to Employees, Consultants, and Directors throughout the world. The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any grant will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any Affiliate on an ongoing basis. Consequently, you understand that the Option is granted on the assumption and condition that the Option and any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan are not part of any employment contract (either with the Company or any other Affiliate) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purposes (including severance compensation), or any other right whatsoever. In addition, you understand that this grant would not be made but for the assumptions and conditions referred to above thus, you acknowledge and freely accept that, should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, then any grant of or right to the Option shall be null and void. 
 You understand and agree that, as a condition of the grant of the Option, unless otherwise provided in the Agreement, the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason (including the reasons listed below) will automatically result in the loss of the Option to the extent the Option has not vested and become exercisable as of the date you are no longer actively providing service. In particular, unless otherwise provided in the Agreement, you understand and agree that any unvested portion of the Option as of the date you are no longer actively providing service and any vested portion of the Option not exercised within the post-termination exercise period set out in this Agreement will be forfeited without entitlement to the underlying shares of Common Stock or to any amount of indemnification in the event of a termination of your Continuous Service by reason of, but not limited to, resignation, retirement, disciplinary dismissal adjudged to be with cause, disciplinary dismissal adjudged or recognized to be without good cause i.e., subject to a despido improcedente ), individual or collective dismissal on objective grounds, whether adjudged or recognized to be with or without cause, material modification of the terms of employment under Article 41 of the Workers Statute, relocation under Article 40 of the Workers Statute, Article 50 of the Workers Statute, unilateral withdrawal by the Service Recipient and under Article 10.3 of the Royal Decree 1382 1985. You acknowledge that you have read and specifically accept the conditions referred to in the Global Stock Option Agreement as well as Section 5 of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants (as supplemented by this provision). 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . No offer of securities to the public, within the meaning of Spanish law, has taken place or will take place in the Spanish territory in connection with the Option. The Plan, the Agreement and any other documents evidencing the grant of the Option have not been, nor will they be, registered with the Comisi n Nacional del Mercado de Valores (the Spanish securities regulator), and none of those documents constitutes a public offering prospectus. 
 Exchange Control Information . The acquisition, ownership and disposition of stock in a foreign company (including shares of Common Stock) must be declared for statistical purposes to the Spanish Direcci n General de Comercio e Inversiones (the DGCI ), the Bureau for Commerce and Investments, which is a department of the Ministry of Economy and Competitiveness. Generally, the declaration must be made in January for shares of Common Stock acquired or disposed of during the prior year and or for shares of Common Stock owned as of December 31 of the prior year however, if the value of the Common Stock acquired or sold exceeds 1,502,530 (or you holds 10 or more of the share capital of the Company or such other amount that would entitle you to join the Board), the declaration must be filed within one month of the acquisition or disposition, as applicable. 
 In addition, you may be required to declare electronically to the Bank of Spain any foreign accounts (including brokerage accounts held abroad), any foreign instruments (including any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan) and any transactions with non-Spanish residents (including any payments of shares of Common Stock made to you by the Company) depending on the value of such accounts and instruments and the amount of the transactions during the relevant year as of December 31 of the relevant year. 
 23 

Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . You are required to report rights or assets deposited or held outside of Spain (including shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan or cash proceeds from the sale of such shares of Common Stock) as of December 31 of each year, if the value of such rights or assets exceeds 50,000 per type of right or asset. After such rights and or assets are initially reported, the reporting obligation will apply for subsequent years only if the value of any previously-reported rights or assets increases by more than 20,000 or if the ownership of the assets is transferred or relinquished during the year. 
 The exchange control and foreign asset account reporting requirements in Spain are complex. You should consult your personal legal and tax advisors to ensure compliance with the applicable requirements. 
 SWEDEN 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Authorization to Withhold . The following provision supplements Section 4 of the Global Stock Option Agreement 
 Without limiting the Company s or the Service Recipient s authority to satisfy their withholding obligations for any Tax Liability as set forth in Section 4 of the Global Stock Option Agreement, in accepting the Option, you authorize the Company and or the Service Recipient to withhold or sell shares of Common Stock otherwise deliverable to you upon exercise to satisfy any Tax Liability, regardless of whether the Company or the Service Recipient has a withholding obligation on any such Tax Liability. 
 SWITZERLAND 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the Plan (i) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA (ii) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an Employee or (iii) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority, including the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA). 
 TAIWAN 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Securities Law Information . The offer of participation in the Plan is available only for Employees and Consultants. The offer of participation in the Plan is not a public offer of securities by a Taiwanese company. 
 Data Privacy . The following provision supplements Section 1 of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants set forth above 
 You hereby acknowledge having read and understood Section 1 of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants set forth above and, by participating in the Plan, agree to such terms. In this regard, upon request of the Company or an Affiliate, you agree to provide any executed data privacy consent form (or any other agreements or consents that may be required by the Company or an Affiliate) that the Company and or an Affiliate may deem necessary under applicable data privacy laws, either now or in the future. You understand that you will not be able to participate in the Plan if you fail to execute any such consent or agreement. 
 24 

Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . Taiwanese residents may acquire and remit foreign currency (including proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock) into and out of Taiwan up to a certain amount per year. You understand that if you are a Taiwanese resident, and the transaction amount exceeds US 500,000 in a single transaction, you may need to submit a foreign exchange transaction form and provide supporting documentation to the satisfaction of the remitting bank. 
 UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . Participation in the Plan is being offered only to eligible Employees, Consultants, and Directors and is in the nature of providing equity incentives. Any documents related to participation in the Plan, including the Plan, the Agreement and any other grant documents Option Documents ), are intended for distribution only to such eligible Employees, Consultants, and Directors and must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. 
 The United Arab Emirates securities or financial economic authorities have no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any Option Documents and have not approved the Option Documents nor taken steps to verify the information set out in them, and thus, are not responsible for their content. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered should conduct their own due diligence on the securities. You acknowledge that if you do not understand the contents of the Option Documents, you should consult an authorized financial advisor. 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Tax Responsibility and Satisfaction . The following provision supplements Section 4 of the Global Stock Option Agreement 
 Income tax and national insurance contributions may arise on exercise of (or any other dealing in) the Option, and you agree as a condition of exercise of the Option to meet any such Tax Liability, including your primary Class 1 and the Service Recipient s secondary Class 1 national insurance contributions NICs arising on exercise of the Option for which the Service Recipient is required to account to Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs HMRC ). It is a condition of exercise of the Option that, if required by the Company or any Affiliate, you enter into such arrangements as the Company or any Affiliate may require for satisfaction of those Tax Liabilities. You acknowledge that you may be required as a condition of exercise of the Option to enter into a joint election whereby the Service Recipient s liability for NICs is transferred to you on terms set out in the election and approved by HMRC. 
 Without limitation to Section 4 of the Global Stock Option Agreement, you agree that you are responsible for all Tax Liability and hereby covenant to pay all such Tax Liability, as and when requested by the Company or an Affiliate or by HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). You also agree to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and its Affiliates against any Tax Liability they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority) on your behalf. 
 25 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a director or executive officer (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act), you understand that you may not be able to indemnify the Company for the amount of any withholding obligation for Tax Liability not collected from or paid by you, in case the indemnification could be considered to be a loan. In this case, the Tax Liability not collected or paid within 90 days of the end of the U.K. tax year in which the taxable event occurs may constitute a benefit to you on which additional income tax and NICs may be payable. You understand that you will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for paying to the Company and or an Affiliate (as appropriate) the amount of any employee NICs due on this additional benefit, which may also be recovered from you by any of the means referred to in Section 4 of the Global Stock Option Agreement. 
 Participant Date 
 26 

EXHIBIT B 
 Unity Software Inc. 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Denmark - Employer Statement 
 AFTALE OM TILDELING AF AKTIEOPTIONER, HERUNDER ERKL RING I HENHOLD TIL AKTIEOPTIONSLOVEN AGREEMENT CONCERNING GRANTING OF OPTIONS, INCLUDING STATEMENT PURSUANT TO THE DANISH STOCK OPTION ACT Unity Technologies ApS Loevstraede 5, DK-1152 K benhavn K Danmark (det Danske Selskab Unity Technologies ApS Loevstraede 5, DK-1152 Copenhagen K Denmark (the Danish Company og and Den i Tildelingsmeddelelsen anf rte Optionsindehaver Medarbejderen The Optionholder named in the Grant Notice (the Employee and Unity Software Inc. 
 30 3 rd Street 
 San Francisco, California 94103 
 USA 
 Selskabet 
 Unity Software Inc. 
 30 3 rd Street 
 San Francisco, California 94103 
 USA 
 (the Company 
 indg et denne aftale (den Danske Aftale i relation til de aktieoptioner Optioner ), som Selskabet har tildelt Medarbejderen. Den Danske Aftale udg r endvidere en erkl ring til Medarbejderen i henhold til lov om brug af k beret eller tegningsret til aktier m.v. i ans ttelsesforhold Aktieoptionsloven 3, stk. 1. have entered into this agreement (the Danish Agreement concerning the stock options (the Options granted by the Company to the Employee. The Danish Agreement also constitutes a statement to the Employee pursuant to section 3 (1) of the Danish Act on the exercise of stock acquisition rights or stock subscription rights in employment relationships, etc. (the Stock Option Act ). I tilf lde af uoverensstemmelser mellem den Danske Aftale og Medarbejderens ans ttelsesaftale med det Danske Selskab har den Danske Aftale forrang. In the event of any discrepancies between the Danish Agreement and the Employee s contract of employment with the Danish Company, this Danish Agreement shall prevail. 
 27 

Selskabet har vedtaget et aktieoptionsprogram, der omfatter medarbejdere i Selskabet og dettes tilknyttede virksomheder, herunder det Danske Selskabs medarbejdere. Vilk rene for aktieoptionsprogrammet, der ogs omfatter de Optioner, der tildeles i medf r af den Danske Aftale, er fastsat i Unity Software Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan Planen og Unity Software Inc. Global Stock Option Agreement and Stock Option Grant Notice Aktieoptionsaftalen (Planen og Aktieoptionsaftalen ben vnes herefter samlet Aktieoptionsprogrammet ). Denne Danske Aftale er betinget af Medarbejderens indg else af Aktieoptionsaftalen. The Company has adopted a stock option program covering the employees of the Company and its affiliates, including the employees of the Danish Company. The terms of the stock option program, which also include the Options granted under the Danish Agreement, are set forth in the Unity Software Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Unity Software Inc. Global Stock Option Agreement and Stock Option Grant Notice (the Stock Option Agreement ), (the Plan and Stock Option Agreement are hereinafter referred to as the Stock Option Program ). This Danish Agreement is contingent on the Employee s concurrent execution of the Stock Option Agreement. Vilk rene i Aktieoptionsprogrammet finder anvendelse p Medarbejderens Optioner, medmindre den Danske Aftale fasts tter vilk r, der fraviger vilk rene i Aktieoptionsprogrammet. I s danne tilf lde har den Danske Aftales vilk r forrang. The terms of the Stock Option Program apply to the Employee s Options, unless the Danish Agreement stipulates terms that deviate from the terms of the Stock Option Program. In such situations, the terms of the Danish Agreement shall prevail. Definitioner anvendt i den Danske Aftale skal have samme betydning som i Aktieoptionsprogrammet, medmindre andet f lger af den Danske Aftale. The definitions of the Danish Agreement shall have the same meaning as the definitions of the Stock Option Program, unless otherwise provided by the Danish Agreement. 
 1 OPTIONER OG VEDERLAG 1 OPTIONS AND CONSIDERATION 1.1 Medarbejderen tildeles l bende efter Selskabets Bestyrelses Bestyrelsen diskretion re beslutning Optioner, der giver ret til at k be aktier Aktier i Selskabet. Optionerne tildeles vederlagsfrit. 1.1 The Employee is granted Options on a current basis at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board entitling the Employee to purchase shares of common stock Shares in the Company. The Options are granted free of charge. 1.2 K bsprisen pr. Aktie K bsprisen ), der betales ved udnyttelse af en Option, svarer til Markedsprisen pr. aktie for Selskabets aktier p Optionens tildelingsdag som fastsat af Bestyrelsen og i Planens punkt 4(b). 1.2 The exercise price per Share (the Exercise Price at which an Option may be exercised shall be equivalent to the Fair Market Value per share of the Company s common stock on the effective date of the grant of the Option as determined by the Board and as further specified in Section 4(b) of the Plan. 2 KRITERIER ELLER BETINGELSER FOR TILDELINGEN 2 CRITERIA OR CONDITIONS FOR THE GRANT 
 28 

2.1 Medarbejdere, konsulenter og bestyrelsesmedlemmer i Selskabet eller en tilknyttet virksomhed, der er udpeget af L nudvalget p Optionens tildelingsdag, er berettigede til at deltage i Aktieoptionsprogrammet 2.1 Employees, consultants and directors of the Company or an affiliate of the Company designated by the Committee on the effective date of the grant may be eligible to participate. 3 VRIGE VILK R 3 OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS 3.1 Optionerne tildeles i overensstemmelse med Aktieoptionsprogrammet. 3.1 The Options are granted under the Stock Option Program. 3.2 Optionerne tildeles efter L nudvalgets sk n i Aktieprogrammets l betid. 3.2 The Options are granted at the discretion of the Committee during the term of the Stock Option Program. 3.3 Optionerne optjenes efter f lgende i Tildelingsmeddelelsen anf rte skema. 3.3 The Options shall vest according to the schedule set forth in the Grant Notice. 3.4 Modningen er betinget af, at Medarbejderen er ansat i det Danske Selskab eller en anden med Selskabet koncernforbundet enhed, og der tildeles ikke Optioner og Optioner modnes ikke efter ans ttelsesforholdets oph r, uanset rsag hertil, jf. dog nedenfor. Modningen af Optioner p virkes ikke af lovreguleret orlov. 3.4 The vesting of Options is conditional on the Employee being employed with the Danish Company or another entity in the Company group and no Options are granted or shall vest after the termination of such employment, regardless of the reason for such termination, cf. however below. The vesting of Options is not influenced by statutory leave. 4 UDNYTTELSE 4 EXERCISE 4.1 Modnede Optioner kan udnyttes som fastsat i punkt 3.3. 4.1 Outstanding Options may be exercised once vested as stated in clause 3.3. 4.2 Ikke-modnede Optioner kan ikke udnyttes medmindre Bestyrelsen tr ffer anden beslutning herom. 4.2 Unvested Options cannot be exercised, unless determined otherwise specified by the Board. 4.3 Optionerne bortfalder p ti- rsdagen for tildeling. 4.3 Options expire no later than 10 years after the date of grant. 5 OPSIGELSE 5 TERMINATION 
 29 

5.1 I tilf lde af, at Medarbejderens ans ttelsesforhold oph rer p grund af Medarbejderens handicap, kan Optionen, i det omfang denne ikke er udnyttet og kan udnyttes for modnede aktier p tidspunktet, hvor Medarbejderens ans ttelse oph rer, til enhver tid udnyttes af Medarbejderen (eller Medarbejderens v rge eller juridiske repr sentant) inden udl bet af en periode p tolv (12) m neder efter fratr delsesdatoen, men under ingen omst ndigheder senere end Optionens Udl bsdato. 5.1 If the Employee s employment terminates because of the disability of the Employee, the Option, to the extent unexercised and exercisable for vested shares on the date on which the Employee s employment terminated, may be exercised by the Employee (or the Employee s guardian or legal representative) at any time prior to the expiration of twelve (12) months after the employment terminates, but in any event no later than the Option Expiration Date. 5.2 I tilf lde af, at Medarbejderens ans ttelsesforhold oph rer p grund af Medarbejderens d d, kan Optionen, i det omfang denne ikke er udnyttet og kan udnyttes for modnede aktier p tidspunktet, hvor Medarbejderens ans ttelse oph rer, til enhver tid udnyttes af Medarbejderens juridiske repr sentant eller anden person, som har opn et ret til at udnytte Optionen som f lge af Medarbejderens d d, inden udl bet af en periode p tolv (12) m neder efter fratr delsesdatoen, men under ingen omst ndigheder senere end Optionens Udl bsdato. Medarbejderens ans ttelse anses for oph rt p grund af d d, hvis Medarbejderen d r inden for tre (3) m neder efter fratr delsesdatoen. Endvidere kan, i det i Tildelingsmeddelelsen anf rte omfang, modningen af ikke-modnede Optioner accelereres efter fratr den p grund af d d. 5.2 If the Employee s employment terminates because of the death of the Employee, the Option, to the extent unexercised and exercisable for vested shares on the date on which the Employee s employment terminated, may be exercised by the Employee s legal representative or other person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by reason of the Employee s death at any time prior to the expiration of twelve (12) months after the employment terminates, but in any event no later than the Option Expiration Date. The Employee s employment shall be deemed to have terminated on account of death if the Participant dies within three (3) months after the employment terminates. Further, to the extent set forth in the Grant Notice, the vesting of unvested Options may be accelerated upon termination due to death. 5.3 I tilf lde af det Danske Selskabs opsigelse bortvisning som f lge af Medarbejderens misligholdelse af ans ttelsesaftalen bortfalder Medarbejderens ikke- udnyttede Optioner uden kompensation pr. ans ttelsesforholdets oph r. 5.3 If the Danish Company terminates summarily dismisses the Employee due the Employee s breach of the employment agreement, all Options, which have not been exercised at the time of termination, will lapse without further notice or compensation as of the date the employment terminates. 
 30 

5.4 I tilf lde af det Danske Selskabs opsigelse af Medarbejderen af andre rsager, bortset fra handicap, d d eller misligholdelse af ans ttelsesaftalen, kan Optionen, i det omfang denne ikke er udnyttet og kan udnyttes for modnede aktier p tidspunktet, hvor Medarbejderens ans ttelse oph rer, til enhver tid udnyttes af Medarbejderen inden udl bet af en periode p tre (3) m neder efter fratr delsesdatoen, men under ingen omst ndigheder senere end Optionens Udl bsdato. 5.4 If the Danish Company terminates dismisses the Employee for any other reason, except Disability, death or breach of the employment agreement, the Option, to the extent unexercised and exercisable for vested shares by the Employee on the date on which the Employee s employment is terminated, may be exercised by the Employee at any time prior to the expiration of three (3) months after the employment terminates, but in any event no later than the Option Expiration Date. 6 REGULERING AF OPTIONER 6 ADJUSTMENT OF THE OPTIONS 6.1 Regulering ved kapital ndringer 6.1 Adjustment in connection with capital changes Ved en ndring i antallet af udest ende Ordin re Aktier som f lge af en ndring i Selskabets kapitalstruktur uden vederlag s som aktieudbytte, rekapitalisering, aktiesplit, omvendt aktiesplit, opdeling og omklassificering, kan der, som yderligere reguleret i Aktieoptionsprogrammet, gennemf res justeringer, der kan p virke Aktieoptionsprogrammet, herunder en justering af antallet af samt klassen af de Ordin re Aktier, der kan opn s i henhold til Programmet, af K bsprisen pr. aktie og af det antal Ordin re Aktier for hver option i henhold til Programmet, der endnu ikke er udnyttet. As further set out in the Stock Option Program, if the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is changed by a modification in the capital structure of the Company without consideration such as a stock dividend, recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, subdivision or reclassification then adjustments may be made that may impact the Stock Option Program including adjusting of the number and class of Common Stock that may be delivered under the Stock Option Program, the Exercise Price per share and the number of shares of Common Stock covered by each option under the Stock Option Program which has not yet been exercised. 6.2 Andre ndringer 6.2 Other changes S fremt der sker ndring i Selskabets ejerforhold, kan der ske andre ndringer i Aktieoptionsprogrammet, som beskrevet deri. If there is a change in control of the Company adjustments may be made to the Stock Option Program as further set out therein. 6.3 L nudvalgets regulering af Optioner 6.3 Committee s regulation of Options L nudvalgets bemyndigelse til at regulere Optionerne i de i punkt 6 omhandlede situationer er underlagt punkt 6 i Planen og punkt 7 i Aktieoptionsaftalen. The Committee s authority to regulate the Options in the situations comprised by this section 6 shall be governed by section 6 of the Plan and section 7 of the Stock Option Agreement. 7 KONOMISKE ASPEKTER VED DELTAGELSE I ORDNINGEN 7 THE FINANCIAL ASPECTS OF PARTICIPATING IN THE SCHEME 
 31 

7.1 Optionerne er risikobetonede v rdipapirer, der er afh ngige af aktiemarkedet og Selskabets resultater. Som f lge heraf er der ingen garanti for, at udnyttelsen af Optionerne udl ser en fortjeneste. Optionerne skal ikke medregnes ved opg relsen af feriepenge, fratr delsesgodtg relse, godtg relse eller kompensation fastsat ved lov, pension og lignende. 7.1 The Options are risky securities influenced by the capital market and the Company s results. Consequently, there is no guarantee that the exercise of the Options will trigger a profit. The Options are not to be included in the calculation of holiday allowance, severance pay, statutory allowance and compensation, pension and similar payments. 8 SKATTEM SSIGE FORHOLD 8 TAX MATTERS 8.1 De skattem ssige konsekvenser for Medarbejderen som f lge af tildelingen af Optionerne og den efterf lgende udnyttelse heraf er det Danske Selskab og Selskabet uvedkommende. Det Danske Selskab opfordrer Medarbejderen til selvst ndigt at indhente r dgivning om den skattem ssige behandling af tildeling og udnyttelse af Optionerne. 8.1 Any tax consequences for the Employee arising out of the Options and the exercise thereof are of no concern to the Danish Company or the Company. The Danish Company encourages the Employee to obtain individual tax advice in relation to the effect of grant and exercise of the Options. 9 OVERDRAGELSE OG PANTS TNING AF WARRANTS MV. 9 TRANSFER AND PLEDGING OF OPTIONS, ETC. 9.1 Optionerne er personlige og kan hverken s lges, bortgives, pants ttes eller p anden m de overdrages til tredjemand, frivilligt eller ved udl g. 9.1 The Options are personal instruments that cannot be sold, given away, pledged or otherwise transferred to a third party, whether voluntarily or by execution. 9.2 Udover at udg re en selvst ndig erkl ring i henhold til Aktieoptionsloven 3, stk. 1, udg r Aftalen en integreret del af Medarbejderens ans ttelsesaftale med det Danske Selskab og er undergivet dansk lovgivning. 9.2 In addition to constituting a statement in accordance with section 3 (1) of the Danish Stock Option Act, this Agreement constitutes an integral part of the Employee s contract of employment with the Danish Company and is subject to Danish law. 

32 

Unity Software Inc. 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 
 RSU Award Grant Notice 
 Unity Software Inc. (the Company has awarded to you (the Participant the number of restricted stock units specified and on the terms set forth below (the RSU Award ). Your RSU Award is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein and in the Company s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, including any country-specific appendices thereto (the Appendix ), which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined herein but defined in the Plan or the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or the Agreement. 
 Participant Date of Grant Vesting Commencement Date Number of Restricted Stock Units 
 Vesting Schedule ___________________________________________________ . Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as set forth below, vesting shall terminate upon the Participant s termination of Continuous Service. If the Participant s Continuous Service terminates because of the Participant s death (i) within the first year of the Participant s Continuous Service, then 50 of the Number of Restricted Stock Units as set forth above shall vest effective as of immediately prior to the effective time of such termination or (ii) on or following the first year of the Participant s Continuous Service, then 100 of the Number of Restricted Stock Units set forth above shall vest effective as of immediately prior to the effective time of such termination. Issuance Schedule One share of Common Stock shall be issued for each restricted stock unit which vests at the time set forth in Section 5 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 Participant Acknowledgements By your signature below or by electronic acceptance or authentication in a form authorized by the Company, you understand and agree that 
 The RSU Award is governed by this RSU Award Grant Notice (the Grant Notice ), and the provisions of the Plan and the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (including the Appendix), all of which are made a part of this document. This Grant Notice, the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and the Appendix (collectively, the Agreement may not be modified, amended or revised except in a writing signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company, unless otherwise provided in the Plan. 
 You have read and are familiar with the provisions of the Plan, the Agreement and the Prospectus. In the event of any conflict between the provisions in this Agreement (including the Grant Notice, the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and the Appendix) or the Prospectus and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control. 
 The Agreement sets forth the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding the acquisition of Common Stock and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements, promises and or representations on that subject with the exception of (i) other equity awards previously granted to you, and (ii) any written employment agreement, offer letter, severance agreement, written severance plan or policy, or other written agreement between the Company and you in each case that specifies the terms that should govern this RSU Award. 
 1 

You consent to receive the Agreement, the Plan, the Prospectus and any other Plan-related documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or other applicable law) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered will be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 
 UNITY SOFTWARE INC. PARTICIPANT By 
 John Riccitiello Signature Title President & CEO Date Date 
 2 

Unity Software Inc. 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (RSU Award) 
 As reflected by your RSU Award Grant Notice Grant Notice Unity Software Inc. (the Company has granted you a RSU Award under its 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan for the number of restricted stock units as indicated in your Grant Notice (the RSU Award ). The terms of your RSU Award as specified in this Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for your RSU Award, including the Appendix as defined below and the Grant Notice constitute your Agreement (the Grant Notice, Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and Appendix, collectively, are referred to as the Agreement ). Defined terms not explicitly defined in this Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement but defined in the Grant Notice or the Plan shall have the same definitions as in the Grant Notice or Plan, as applicable 
 The general terms applicable to your RSU Award are as follows 
 1. Governing Plan Document. Your RSU Award is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, including but not limited to the provisions in 
 (a) Section 6 of the Plan regarding the impact of a Capitalization Adjustment, dissolution, liquidation, or Corporate Transaction on your RSU Award 
 (b) Section 9(e) of the Plan regarding the Company s retained rights to terminate your Continuous Service notwithstanding the grant of the RSU Award and 
 (c) Section 8(c) of the Plan regarding the tax consequences of your RSU Award. 
 Your RSU Award is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the RSU Award Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. 
 2. GRANT OF THE RSU AWARD. This RSU Award represents your right to be issued on a future date the number of shares of Common Stock that is equal to the Number of Restricted Stock Units indicated in the Grant Notice as modified to reflect any Capitalization Adjustment and subject to your satisfaction of the vesting conditions set forth therein (the Restricted Stock Units ). Any additional Restricted Stock Units that become subject to the RSU Award pursuant to Capitalization Adjustments as set forth in the Plan, if any, shall be subject, in a manner determined by the Board, to the same forfeiture restrictions, restrictions on transferability, and time and manner of delivery as applicable to the other Restricted Stock Units covered by your RSU Award. 
 3. DIVIDENDS. You shall receive no benefit or adjustment to your RSU Award with respect to any cash dividend, stock dividend or other distribution that does not result from a Capitalization Adjustment as provided in the Plan provided, however, that this sentence shall not apply with respect to any shares of Common Stock that are delivered to you in connection with your RSU Award after such shares have been delivered to you. 
 3 

4. WITHHOLDING OBLIGATIONS. 
 (a) Regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the Affiliate to which you provide Continuous Service (the Service Recipient with respect to any income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items associated with the grant or vesting of the RSU Award or sale of the underlying Common Stock or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you (the Tax Liability ), you hereby acknowledge and agree that the Tax Liability is your ultimate responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Service Recipient. You further acknowledge that the Company and the Service Recipient (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding any Tax Liability in connection with any aspect of this RSU Award, including, but not limited to, the grant or vesting of the RSU Award, the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to such vesting, the subsequent sale of shares of Common Stock, and the payment of any dividends on the Common Stock and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the RSU Award to reduce or eliminate your Tax Liability or achieve a particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to Tax Liability in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Service Recipient (or former service recipient, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Liability in more than one jurisdiction. As further provided in Section 8 of the Plan, you hereby authorize the Company and any applicable Service Recipient to satisfy any applicable withholding obligations with regard to the Tax Liability by any of the following means or by a combination of such means (1) causing you to pay any portion of the Tax Liability in cash (2) withholding from any compensation otherwise payable to you by the Company or the Service Recipient (3) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to you in connection with the Award provided , however, that to the extent necessary to qualify for an exemption from application of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, if applicable, such share withholding procedure will be subject to the express prior approval of the Board or the Company s Compensation Committee and or (iv) permitting or requiring you to enter into a same day sale commitment, if applicable, with a broker-dealer that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (a FINRA Dealer ), pursuant to this authorization and without further consent, whereby you irrevocably elect to sell a portion of the shares of Common Stock to be delivered in connection with your Restricted Stock Units to satisfy the Tax Liability and whereby the FINRA Dealer irrevocably commits to forward the proceeds necessary to satisfy the Tax Liability directly to the Company or the Service Recipient. Furthermore, you agree to pay the Company or the Service Recipient any amount the Company or the Service Recipient may be required to withhold, collect or pay as a result of your participation in the Plan or that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. In the event the obligation of the Company or applicable Service Recipient with respect to the Tax Liability arises prior to the delivery to you of Common Stock or it is determined after the delivery of Common Stock to you that the amount of the Tax Liability was greater than the amount withheld by the Company and or the Service Recipient (as applicable), you agree to indemnify and hold the Company and or the Service Recipient (as applicable) harmless from any failure by the Company or the applicable Service Recipient to withhold the proper amount. 
 (b) The Company may withhold or account for your Tax Liability by considering statutory withholding amounts or other withholding rates applicable in your jurisdiction(s), including (i) maximum applicable rates, in which case you may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash (whether from applicable tax authorities or the Company) and will have no entitlement to the equivalent amount in Common Stock or (ii) minimum or such other applicable rates, in which case you may be solely responsible for paying any additional Tax Liability to the applicable tax authorities. If the Tax Liability is satisfied by withholding shares of Common Stock, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Common Stock subject to the vested portion of the RSU Award, notwithstanding that a number of the shares of Common Stock is held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax Liability. 
 4 

(c) You acknowledge that you may not participate in the Plan and the Company shall have no obligation to deliver shares of Common Stock until you have fully satisfied the Tax Liability, as determined by the Company. Unless any withholding obligation for the Tax Liability is satisfied, the Company shall have no obligation to deliver to you any Common Stock in respect of the RSU Award. 
 5. DATE OF ISSUANCE. 
 (a) The issuance of shares in respect of the Restricted Stock Units is intended to comply with U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(a) and will be construed and administered in such a manner. Subject to the satisfaction of the Tax Liability withholding obligation, if any, in the event one or more Restricted Stock Units vests, the Company shall issue to you one (1) share of Common Stock for each vested Restricted Stock Unit. Each issuance date determined by this paragraph is referred to as an Original Issuance Date . 
 (b) If the Original Issuance Date falls on a date that is not a business day, delivery shall instead occur on the next following business day. In addition, if 
 (i) the Original Issuance Date does not occur (1) during an open window period applicable to you, as determined by the Company in accordance with the Company s then-effective policy on trading in Company securities, or (2) on a date when you are otherwise permitted to sell shares of Common Stock on an established stock exchange or stock market (including but not limited to under a previously established written trading plan that meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act and was entered into in compliance with the Company s policies (a 10b5-1 Arrangement )), and 
 (ii) either (1) a Tax Liability withholding obligation does not apply, or (2) the Company decides, prior to the Original Issuance Date, (A) not to satisfy the Tax Liability withholding obligation by withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares otherwise due, on the Original Issuance Date, to you under this Award, and (B) not to permit you to enter into a same day sale commitment with a broker-dealer (including but not limited to a commitment under a 10b5-1 Arrangement) and (C) not to permit you to pay your Tax Liability in cash, 
 then the shares that would otherwise be issued to you on the Original Issuance Date will not be delivered on such Original Issuance Date and will instead be delivered on the first business day when you are not prohibited from selling shares of the Common Stock in the open public market, but in no event later than December 31 of the calendar year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs (that is, the last day of your taxable year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs), or, if and only if permitted in a manner that complies with U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), no later than the date that is the 15th day of the third calendar month of the applicable year following the year in which the shares of Common Stock under this Award are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(d). 
 6. TRANSFERABILITY. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, your RSU Award is not transferable, except by will or by the applicable laws of descent and distribution 
 7. CORPORATE TRANSACTION. Your RSU Award is subject to the terms of any agreement governing a Corporate Transaction involving the Company, including, without limitation, a provision for the appointment of a stockholder representative that is authorized to act on your behalf with respect to any escrow, indemnities and any contingent consideration. 
 8. NO LIABILITY FOR TAXES . As a condition to accepting the RSU Award, you hereby (a) agree to not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to Tax Liability arising from the RSU Award or other compensation from the Company or the Service Recipient and (b) acknowledge that you were advised to consult with your own personal tax, financial and other legal advisors regarding the tax consequences of the RSU Award and have either done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. 
 5 

9. SEVERABILITY . If any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of this Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid will, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 
 10. OTHER DOCUMENTS. You hereby acknowledge receipt of or the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Prospectus. In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company s Trading Policy. 
 11. QUESTIONS. If you have questions regarding these or any other terms and conditions applicable to your RSU Award, including a summary of the applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences, please see the Prospectus. 
 12. LOCK-UP. By accepting this RSU Award, you agree that you will not sell, dispose of, transfer, make any short sale of, grant any option for the purchase of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a sale with respect to any shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company held by you, for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days following the effective date of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act or such longer period as the underwriters or the Company will request to facilitate compliance with FINRA Rule 2241 or any successor or similar rules or regulation (the Lock-Up Period provided, however , that nothing contained in this section will prevent the exercise of a repurchase option, if any, in favor of the Company during the Lock-Up Period. You further agree to execute and deliver such other agreements as may be reasonably requested by the Company or the underwriters that are consistent with the foregoing or that are necessary to give further effect thereto. In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to your shares of Common Stock until the end of such period. You also agree that any transferee of any shares of Common Stock (or other securities) of the Company held by you will be bound by this Section 12. The underwriters of the Company s stock are intended third party beneficiaries of this Section 12 and will have the right, power and authority to enforce the provisions hereof as though they were a party hereto. 
 13. VENUE . For purposes of any action, lawsuit, or other proceedings brought to enforce this Agreement, relating to it, or arising from it, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of California, or the federal courts for Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this grant is made and or to be performed. 
 14. WAIVER. You acknowledge that a waiver by the Company of any provision, or breach thereof, of this Agreement on any occasion shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of such provision on any other occasion or as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other Participant. 
 15. APPENDIX . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the RSU Award shall be subject to any additional or different terms and conditions set forth in the Appendix to this Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for your country (the Appendix set forth as Exhibit A to this Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the additional or different terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendix constitutes part of this Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 
 6 

EXHIBIT A 
 Unity Software Inc. 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Appendix to Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 Terms and Conditions 
 This Appendix includes additional terms and conditions that govern the RSU Award granted to you under the Plan if you reside and or work outside of the United States. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan and or the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement to which this Appendix is attached. 
 If you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently working and or residing, transfer to another country after the Date of Grant, or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the Company shall, in its discretion, determine the extent to which the terms and conditions contained herein shall be applicable to you. 
 Notifications 
 This Appendix also includes information regarding securities, exchange controls, tax, and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to your participation in the Plan. The information is provided solely for the convenience of you and is based on the securities, exchange control, tax, and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of July 2020. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information noted herein as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date by the time you vest in the RSU Award or sell any shares of Common Stock acquired at vesting of the RSU Award. 
 In addition, the information contained in this Appendix is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure you of any particular result. Accordingly, you should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the applicable laws in your country may apply to your situation. 
 Finally, you understand that if you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently residing and or working, transfer to another country after the Date of Grant, or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the notifications contained herein may not be applicable to you in the same manner. 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO NON-U.S. PARTICIPANTS 
 In accepting the RSU Award, you acknowledge, understand and agree to the following 
 1. Data Privacy Information . The Company is located at 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States, and grants Awards to employees of the Company and its Affiliates, at the Company s sole discretion. If you would like to participate in the Plan, please review the following information about the Company s data processing practices. 
 The following provision applies to Participants who work and or reside outside the European Union European Economic Area. 
 Data Collection and Usage. You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in the Grant Notice and the Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Company, the Service Recipient and other Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 7 

Data Processing. You understand that the Company and the Service Recipient may hold certain personal information about you, including, without limitation, your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality and citizenship, job title, any shares of Common Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Awards or other entitlements to shares of Common Stock, granted, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data ), for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
 Stock Plan Administration, Data Transfer, Retention and Data Subject Rights . You understand that the Data will be transferred to the Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (including its affiliated companies) Schwab ), Equity Plan Solutions EPS ), and or such other stock plan service provider as the Company may select to assist the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in your country of work and or residence, or elsewhere, and that any recipient s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country of work and or residence. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the Company, Schwab, EPS and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your Continuous Service will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you the RSU Award or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusal or withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 The following provision applies to Participants who work and or reside inside the European Union European Economic Area (including the United Kingdom). 
 Data Collection and Usage . The Company, the Service Recipient, and other Affiliates collect, process, transfer and use personal data about you that is necessary for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. This personal data may include your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality and citizenship, job title, any shares of Common Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Awards or other entitlements to shares of Common Stock, granted, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data ), which the Company receives from you or the Service Recipient. 
 Purposes and Legal Bases of Processing . The Company processes the Data for the purpose of performing its contractual obligations under the Agreement, granting RSU Award, implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. The legal basis for the processing of the Data by the Company and the third party service providers described below is the necessity of the data processing for the Company to perform its contractual obligations under the Agreement and for the Company s legitimate business interests of managing the Plan and generally administering employee equity awards. 
 8 

Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Company transfers Data to Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (including its affiliated companies) Schwab ), Equity Plan Solutions EPS ), independent service providers with operations, relevant to the Company, in Canada and the United States, and or such other stock plan service provider as the Company may select to assist the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. In the future, the Company may select a different service provider and share your Data with another service provider that serves in a similar manner. The Company s service provider may open an account for you to receive and trade shares of Common Stock. The processing of your Data will take place through both electronic and non-electronic means. You may be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with Schwab, EPS, or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company, with such agreement being a condition of the ability to participate in the Plan. 
 International Data Transfers . You understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country e.g ., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any then-current recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. When transferring Data to its affiliates, Schwab, EPS, or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company, the Company provides appropriate safeguards described in the Company s applicable policy on data privacy. 
 Data Retention . The Company will use your Data only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including under tax, exchange control, securities, and labor laws. When the Company no longer needs your Data, the Company will remove it from its systems. The Company may keep some of your Data longer to satisfy legal or regulatory obligations and the Company s legal basis for such use would be necessary to comply with legal obligations. 
 Contractual Requirement . Your provision of Data and its processing as described above is a contractual requirement and a condition to your ability to participate in the Plan. You understand that, as a consequence of your refusing to provide Data, the Company may not be able to allow you to participate in the Plan, grant RSU Awards to you or administer or maintain such RSU Awards. However, your participation in the Plan and your acceptance of the Agreement are purely voluntary. While you will not receive the RSU Award if you decide against participating in the Plan or providing Data as described above, your career and salary will not be affected in any way. 
 Data Subject Rights . You have a number of rights under data privacy laws in your country. Depending on where you are based, your rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of your Data the Company processes, (ii) rectify incorrect Data and or delete your Data, (iii) restrict processing of your Data, (iv) portability of your Data, (v) lodge complaints with the competent data protection authorities in your country and or (vi) obtain a list with the names and addresses of any recipients of your Data. To receive clarification regarding your rights or to exercise your rights please contact the Company at Unity Software Inc., stockadmin unity3d.com, Attn Stock Administrator. 
 2. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . You acknowledge that, depending on your country, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws in applicable jurisdictions, which may affect your ability to directly or indirectly accept, acquire, sell or attempt to sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Common Stock or rights to the shares of Common Stock, or rights linked to the value of Common Stock during such times as you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the Applicable Laws). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders placed by you before possessing the inside information. Furthermore, you may be prohibited from (i) disclosing inside information to any third party, including fellow employees (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them to otherwise buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and you should speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 
 9 

3. Language . You acknowledge that you are sufficiently proficient in English, or have consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English, so as to allow you to understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Furthermore, if you have received this Agreement, or any other document related to the RSU Award and or the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 4. Foreign Asset Account Reporting Requirements . You acknowledge that there may be certain foreign asset and or account, exchange control and or tax reporting requirements which may affect your ability to acquire or hold shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including any proceeds arising from the sale of shares of Common Stock or the payment of any cash dividends on the Common Stock) in a bank or brokerage account outside your country. The applicable laws of your country may require that you report such accounts, assets, the balances therein, the value thereof and or the transactions related thereto to the applicable authorities in such country. You also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of participating in the Plan to your country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. It is your responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and you should speak with your personal advisor on this matter. 
 5. Additional Acknowledgments and Agreements . In accepting the RSU Award, you also acknowledge, understand and agree that 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature, and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 (b) the grant of the RSU Award is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of restricted stock units, or benefits in lieu of restricted stock units, even if restricted stock units have been granted in the past 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future RSU Awards or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (d) the RSU Award and your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company, the Service Recipient, or any other Affiliate, and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Service Recipient or any other Affiliate, as applicable, to terminate your employment or service relationship at any time 
 (e) You are voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 (f) the RSU Award and any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 (g) the RSU Award and the shares of Common Stock subject to the RSU Award, and the income from and value of same, are an extraordinary item of compensation outside the scope of your employment or service contract, if any, and are not to be considered part of your normal or expected compensation for any purpose, including calculating severance, resignation, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, holiday pay, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments. 
 (h) the future value of the shares of Common Stock underlying the RSU Award is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (i) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the RSU Award and the shares of Common Stock underlying the RSU Award, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, service you may provide as a director of an Affiliate 
 10 

(j) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the RSU Award resulting from the termination of your Continuous Service (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of labor laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing service or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) 
 (k) for purposes of the RSU Award, your Continuous Service will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing service (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of Applicable Laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing service or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), and unless otherwise determined by the Company or provided in the Agreement, your right to vest in the RSU Award will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period e.g. , your period of Continuous Service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under Applicable Laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing service or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing service for purposes of the RSU Award (including whether you may still be considered to be providing service while on a leave of absence) 
 (l) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the RSU Award and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the RSU Award or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the shares of the Company 
 (m) the RSU Award and the shares of Common Stock subject to the RSU Award are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose and 
 (n) neither the Company, the Service Recipient nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the RSU Award or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the vesting of the RSU Award or the subsequent sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired upon vesting. 
 AUSTRALIA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Australian Offer Document . The Company is providing you with an offer to participate in the Plan. This offer sets out information regarding the RSU Award to Australian resident employees. This information is provided by the Company to ensure compliance of the Plan with Australian Securities and Investments Commission ASIC Class Order 14 1000 and relevant provisions of the Corporations Act 2001. 
 In addition to the information set out in the Agreement, you are also being provided with copies of the following documents 
 (a) the Plan 
 (b) the Plan prospectus and 
 (c) Employee Information Supplement (collectively, the Additional Documents ). 
 The Additional Documents provide further information to help you make an informed investment decision about participating in the Plan. Neither the Plan nor the Plan prospectus is a prospectus for the purposes of the Corporations Act 2001. 
 You should not rely upon any oral statements made in relation to this offer. You should rely only upon the statements contained in the Agreement and the Additional Documents when considering participation in the Plan. 
 Notifications 
 Nature of Plan . The Plan is a plan to which Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) applies (subject to the conditions in that Act). 
 11 

Securities Law Information . Investment in shares of Common Stock involves a degree of risk. Eligible Employees who elect to participate in the Plan should monitor their participation and consider all risk factors relevant to the acquisition of shares of Common Stock under the Plan as set forth below and in the Additional Documents. 
 The information herein is general information only. It is not advice or information that takes into account your objectives, financial situation and needs. You should consider obtaining your own financial product advice from a person who is licensed by ASIC to give such advice. 
 Additional Risk Factors for Australian Residents . You should have regard to risk factors relevant to investment in securities generally and, in particular, to holding shares of Common Stock. For example, the price at which an individual share of Common Stock is quoted on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE may increase or decrease due to a number of factors. There is no guarantee that the price of the Common Stock will increase. Factors that may affect the price of the Common Stock include fluctuations in the domestic and international market for listed stocks, general economic conditions, including interest rates, inflation rates, commodity and oil prices, changes to government fiscal, monetary or regulatory policies, legislation or regulation, the nature of the markets in which the Company operates and general operational and business risks. 
 More information about potential factors that could affect the Company s business and financial results will be included in the Company s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Copies of these reports are available at www.sec.gov, on the Company s investor s page at https investors.unity.com overview default.aspx , and upon request to the Company. 
 In addition, you should be aware that the Australian dollar AUD value of any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan will be affected by the USD AUD exchange rate. Participation in the Plan involves certain risks related to fluctuations in this rate of exchange. 
 Common Stock in a U.S. Corporation . Common stock of a U.S. corporation is analogous to ordinary shares of an Australian corporation. Each holder of a share of Common Stock is entitled to one vote. Dividends may be paid on the shares of Common Stock out of any funds of the Company legally available for dividends at the discretion of the Board. Further, the Common Stock is not liable to any further calls for payment of capital or for other assessment by the Company and have no sinking fund provisions, pre-emptive rights, conversion rights or redemption provisions. 
 Ascertaining the Market Price of Shares . You may ascertain the current market price of the Common Stock as traded on the NYSE under the symbol U at https www.nyse.com quote XNYS U . The AUD equivalent of that price can be obtained at www.rba.gov.au statistics frequency exchange-rates.htm l . Please note that this is not a prediction of what the market price of the Common Stock will be on any applicable vesting date or when shares of Common Stock are issued to you (or at any other time), or of the applicable exchange rate at such time. 
 Exchange Control Obligations . If you are an Australian resident, exchange control reporting is required for cash transactions exceeding AUD 10,000 and for international fund transfers. If an Australian bank is assisting with the transaction, the bank will file the report on your behalf. If there is no Australian bank involved with the transfer, you will be required to file the report. 
 BELGIUM 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . Belgian residents are required to report any security or bank accounts (including brokerage accounts) opened and maintained outside Belgium on their annual tax return. In a separate report, they must provide the National Bank of Belgium with certain details regarding such foreign accounts (including the account number, bank name and country in which such account was opened). The forms to complete this report are available on the website of the National Bank of Belgium. 
 12 

CANADA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Settlement . The following provision supplements Section 5 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 Notwithstanding any discretion in the Plan or anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the RSU Award shall be settled only in shares of Common Stock. This provision is without prejudice to the application of Section 4 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 Termination of Service . The following provision replaces Section 5(k) of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants set forth above 
 For purposes of the RSU Award, your Continuous Service will be considered terminated as of the date that is the earliest of (i) the date of termination of your Continuous Service, (ii) the date you receive notice of termination from the Service Recipient, and (iii) the date you are no longer actively providing service (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of Canadian employment laws or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), and unless otherwise determined by the Company or provided in the Agreement, your right to vest in the RSU Award will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period e.g. , your period of Continuous Service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under Canadian employment laws or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing service for purposes of your RSU Award (including whether you may still be considered to be providing service while on a leave of absence). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if applicable employment standards legislation explicitly requires continued entitlement to vesting during a statutory notice period, your right to vest in the RSU Award under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the last day of the your minimum statutory notice period, but you will not earn or be entitled to pro-rated vesting if the vesting date falls after the end of the your statutory notice period, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting 
 The following provisions will apply if you are a resident of Quebec 
 Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information . The following provision supplements Section 1 of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants set forth above 
 You hereby authorize the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. You further authorize the Company and or any Affiliate to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. You further authorize the Company and any Affiliate to record such information and to keep such information in your employee file. 
 French Language Provision . The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
 Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig la r daction en anglais de la Convention, ainsi que de tous documents, avis et proc dures judiciaires, ex cut s, donn s ou intent s en vertu de, ou li s directement ou indirectement , la pr sente convention. 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . The sale or other disposal of the Shares acquired at vesting of the RSU may not take place within Canada. You will be permitted to sell or dispose of any shares of Common Stock under the Plan only if such sale or disposal takes place outside Canada on the facilities on which such shares are traded i.e. , the New York Stock Exchange). 
 13 

Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . You are required to report any foreign specified property on form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total value of the foreign specified property exceeds C 100,000 at any time in the year. Foreign specified property includes shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, and may include the RSU Award. The RSU Award must be reported (generally at a nil cost) if the 100,000 cost threshold is exceeded because of other foreign property you hold. If shares of Common Stock are acquired, their cost generally is the adjusted cost base ACB of the shares of Common Stock. The ACB ordinarily would equal the fair market value of the Common Stock at the time of acquisition, but if you own other shares of Common Stock, this ACB may have to be averaged with the ACB of the other shares of Common Stock. The form must be filed by April 30 of the following year. You should consult with your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting obligations. 
 CHINA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 The following provisions apply to you if you are a People s Republic of China PRC national 
 Vesting of RSU Award . The following provision supplements Section 5 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 In addition to the vesting schedule set forth in the Grant Notice, the vesting of the RSU Award is conditioned on the Company s completion of a registration of the Plan with the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or its local counterpart SAFE and on the continued effectiveness of such registration (the SAFE Registration Requirement ). In the event that the SAFE Registration Requirement has not been met prior to any date(s) on which the RSU Award is otherwise scheduled to vest, the vesting date for any such RSU Award shall instead occur once the SAFE Registration Requirement is met, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion (the Actual Vesting Date ). 
 If or to the extent the Company is unable to complete or maintain the SAFE registration, no shares of Common Stock subject to the RSU Award for which a SAFE registration cannot be completed or maintained shall be issued. 
 Forced Sale of Shares . The Company has discretion to arrange for the sale of the shares of Common Stock issued upon settlement of the RSU Award, either immediately upon settlement or at any time thereafter. In any event, if your Continuous Service is terminated, you will be required to sell all shares of Common Stock acquired upon settlement of the RSU Award within such time period as required by the Company in accordance with SAFE requirements. Any shares of Common Stock remaining in your brokerage account at the end of this period shall be sold by the broker (on your behalf and you hereby authorize such sale). You agree to sign any additional agreements, forms and or consents that reasonably may be requested by the Company (or the Company s designated broker) to effectuate the sale of shares of Common Stock (including, without limitation, as to the transfer of the sale proceeds and other exchange control matters noted below) and shall otherwise cooperate with the Company with respect to such matters. You acknowledge that neither the Company nor the designated broker is under any obligation to arrange for the sale of shares of Common Stock at any particular price (it being understood that the sale will occur in the market) and that broker s fees and similar expenses may be incurred in any such sale. In any event, when the shares of Common Stock are sold, the sale proceeds, less any withholding of Tax Liability, broker s fees or commissions, and any similar expenses of the sale will be remitted to you in accordance with applicable exchange control laws and regulations. 
 Due to fluctuations in the price of the Common Stock and or the U.S. Dollar exchange rate between the settlement date and (if later) the date on which the shares of Common Stock are sold, the sale proceeds may be more or less than the fair market value of the shares of Common Stock on the vesting date (which is the amount relevant to determining your Tax Liability). You understand and agrees that the Company is not responsible for the amount of any loss you may incur and that the Company assumes no liability for any fluctuation in the price of Common Stock and or U.S. Dollar exchange rate. 
 14 

Shares Must Remain With Company s Designated Broker . You agree to hold any shares of Common Stock received upon settlement of the RSU Award with the Company s designated broker until the shares of Common Stock are sold. The limitation shall apply to all shares of Common Stock issued to you under the Plan, whether or not you remain in Continuous Service. 
 Exchange Control Obligations . You understand and agree that you will be required to immediately repatriate to China the proceeds from the sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan and any cash dividends paid on such shares of Common Stock. You further understand that such repatriation of proceeds may need to be effected through a special bank account established by the Company (or an Affiliate), and you hereby consent and agree that any sale proceeds and cash dividends may be transferred to such special account by the Company (or an Affiliate) on your behalf prior to being delivered to you and that no interest shall be paid with respect to funds held in such account. 
 The proceeds may be paid to you in U.S. dollars or local currency at the Company s discretion. If the proceeds are paid to you in U.S. dollars, you understand that a U.S. dollar bank account in China must be established and maintained so that the proceeds may be deposited into such account. If the proceeds are paid to you in local currency, you acknowledge that the Company (and its Affiliates) are under no obligation to secure any particular exchange conversion rate and that the Company (and its Affiliates) may face delays in converting the proceeds to local currency due to exchange control restrictions. You agree to bear any currency fluctuation risk between the time the shares of Common Stock are sold and the net proceeds are converted into local currency and distributed to you. You further agree to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company (or its Affiliates) in the future in order to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements in China. 
 COLOMBIA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Nature of Grant . Pursuant to article 127 of the Colombian Labor Code, neither the RSU Award nor any proceeds or other funds you may receive pursuant to the RSU Award will be considered a salary payment for any legal purpose, including, but not limited to, determining vacation pay, termination indemnities, payroll taxes or social insurance contributions. In consequence, the RSU Award and any proceeds or other funds you may receive pursuant to the RSU Award will be considered as non-salary payments as per Article 128 of the Colombian Labor Code (as amended by Article 15 of Law 50 of 1990) and Article 17 of Law 344 of 1996. 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . The Shares are not and will not be registered in the Colombian registry of publicly traded securities Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores and, therefore, the Shares may not be offered to the public in Colombia. Nothing in the Grant Notice, the Agreement, the Plan or any other document related to the RSU Award shall be construed as the making of a public offer of securities in Colombia. 
 Exchange Control Information . You are responsible for complying with any and all Colombian foreign exchange requirements in connection with the RSU Award, any shares of Common Stock acquired and funds remitted into Colombia in connection with the Plan. This may include, among others, reporting obligations to the Central Bank Banco de la Rep blica and, in certain circumstances, repatriation requirements. You are responsible for ensuring your compliance with any applicable requirements and should speak to your personal legal advisor on this matter. 
 15 

Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . You must file an annual return providing details of assets held abroad to the Colombian Tax Office Direcci n de Impuestos y Aduanas Nacionales ). If the individual value of these assets exceeds a certain threshold (currently 3,580 UVT or approximately COP 118,698,000) , you must identify and characterize each asset, specify the jurisdiction in which it is located, and provide its value. 
 You should consult with your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable requirements. 
 CZECH REPUBLIC 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . Czech residents may be required to fulfill certain notification duties in relation to the RSU Award and the opening and maintenance of a foreign account. Such notification will be required if the aggregate value of your foreign direct investments is CZK 2,500,000 or more, you have CZK 200,000,000 or more in foreign financial assets, or you are specifically requested to do so by the Czech National Bank. However, because exchange control regulations may change without notice, you should consult your personal legal advisor prior to the settlement of the RSU Award to ensure compliance with current regulations. It is your responsibility to comply with applicable Czech exchange control laws. 
 DENMARK 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Stock Option Act Notification . You acknowledge you have been provided with an Employer statement translated into Danish, which is being provided to comply with the Danish Stock Option Act. The Employer statement is attached hereto as Exhibit B. 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . If you establish an account holding shares of Common Stock or cash outside Denmark, you must report the account to the Danish Tax Administration. The form which should be used in this respect can be obtained from a local bank. 
 FINLAND 
 There are no country-specific terms. 
 FRANCE 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Type of RSU Award . The RSU Award is not intended to qualify for specific tax or social security treatment in France. 
 Language Consent . By accepting the RSU Award, you confirm having read and understood the documents relating to this grant (the Plan and the Agreement), which were provided in English language. You accept the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 En acceptant l attribution, vous confirmez ainsi avoir lu et compris les documents relatifs cette attribution (le Plan et ce Contrat) qui ont t communiqu s en langue anglaise. Vous acceptez les termes en connaissance de cause. 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Notification . French residents holding cash or securities (including shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan) outside France must declare such accounts to the French Tax Authorities when filing their annual tax returns. 
 16 

GERMANY 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Notification . Cross-border payments in excess of 12,500 (including transactions made in connection with the sale of securities) must be reported monthly to the German Federal Bank Bundesbank ). If you make or receive a payment in excess of this amount in connection with your participation in the Plan, you must report the payment to Bundesbank electronically using the General Statistics Reporting Portal Allgemeines Meldeportal Statistik available via Bundesbank s website www.bundesbank.de ). 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Notification . If your acquisition of shares of Common Stock under the Plan leads to a qualified participation at any point during the calendar year, you will need to report the acquisition when you file your tax return for the relevant year. A qualified participation is attained if (i) the value of the shares of Common Stock acquired exceeds EUR 150,000 or (ii) in the unlikely event you hold shares of Common Stock exceeding 1 of the total Common Stock. However, if the shares of Common Stock are listed on a recognized U.S. stock exchange and you own less than 1 of the Company, this requirement will not apply to you. 
 INDIA 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . You must repatriate any funds recognized in connection with the RSU Award to India within certain prescribed time periods (e.g., proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock must be repatriated within 180 days of receipt or within such other period of time as may be required under applicable regulations). You should obtain a foreign inward remittance certificate FIRC from the bank where you deposit the foreign currency and maintain the FIRC as evidence of the repatriation of funds in the event the Reserve Bank of India, the Company, or the Service Recipient requests proof of repatriation. 
 
 Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . Indian residents are required to declare any foreign bank accounts and any foreign financial assets (including shares of Common Stock held outside India) in their annual tax return. 
 IRELAND 
 Notifications 
 Director Notification Obligation . Directors, shadow directors or secretaries of an Irish Affiliate must notify the Irish Affiliate in writing within five business days of receiving or disposing of an interest in the Company e.g ., RSU Awards granted under the Plan, shares of Common Stock, etc.), or within five business days of becoming aware of the event giving rise to the notification requirement or within five business days of becoming a director or secretary if such an interest exists at the time, but only to the extent such individuals own 1 or more of the total Common Stock. If applicable, this notification requirement also applies with respect to the interests of the spouse or children under the age of 18 of the director, shadow director or secretary (whose interests will be attributed to the director, shadow director or secretary). 
 17 

ISRAEL 
 Terms and Conditions 
 The following provisions apply if you were an Israeli tax resident when the RSU Award was granted 
 Trust Arrangement . You understand and agree that the RSU Award granted under the Agreement is subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Israeli Subplan (the Sub-Plan ), the Agreement, the Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement ), between the Company and the Company s trustee, IBI Capital Trust Ltd. (the Trustee or any successor trustee, appointed by the Company or an Affiliate. In the event of any inconsistencies between the Sub-Plan, the Agreement and or the Plan, the Sub-Plan will govern. 
 Type of Grant . The RSU Award is intended to qualify for favorable tax treatment in Israel as a Trustee 102 Award (as defined in the Sub-Plan) subject to the terms and conditions of Section 102(b)(2) of the Income Tax Ordinance (New Version) 1961 Section 102 and the rules promulgated thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, by accepting the RSU Award, you acknowledge that the Company cannot guarantee or represent that the favorable tax treatment under the 102 Capital Gains Track will apply to the RSU Award. 
 By accepting the RSU Award, you (a) acknowledge receipt of and represent that you have read and are familiar with the terms and provisions of Section 102, the Plan, the Sub-Plan, and the Agreement (b) accept the RSU Award subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the Plan, the Sub-Plan and Section 102 and the rules promulgated thereunder and (c) agree that the RSU Award and or any shares of Common Stock issued in connection therewith, will be registered for your benefit in the name of the Trustee as required to qualify under Section 102. 
 You hereby undertake to release the Trustee from any liability in respect of any action or decision duly taken and bona fide executed in relation to the Plan, or any RSU Award or shares of Common Stock granted thereunder. You agree to execute any and all documents which the Company or the Trustee may reasonably determine to be necessary in order to comply with Section 102 and the Income Tax Ordinance (New Version) 1961 ITO ). 
 Electronic Delivery . To the extent required pursuant to Israeli tax law and or by the Trustee, you consent and agree to deliver hard-copy written notices and or actual copies of any notices or confirmations provided by you related to your participation in the Plan. If you reside in Israel and have not already signed an Israeli consent in connection with grants made under the Plan, then you must print, sign and deliver the signed copy of the Israeli consent provided by the Company within 60 days back to the Company (c o Unity Stock Admin). If the Company or its Affiliate in Israel do not receive the signed Israeli consent within 60 days, the Company may cancel the RSU Award in which case, the RSU Award will become null and void. 
 The following provisions apply if you were not an Israeli tax resident when the RSU Award was granted or if the RSU Award does not qualify as a 102 Capital Gains Track Grant 
 Immediate Sale Restriction . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the Agreement, you may be required to immediately sell all shares of Common Stock acquired upon vesting and settlement of the RSU Award. Pursuant to this requirement, you authorize the Company to instruct its designated broker to assist with the mandatory sale of the shares of Common Stock (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent) and you expressly authorize such broker to complete the sale of such shares of Common Stock. You acknowledge that the Company s designated broker is under no obligation to arrange for the sale of the shares of Common Stock at any particular price. Upon the sale of the shares of Common Stock, the Company agrees to pay to you, the cash proceeds from the sale, less any brokerage fees or commissions and any Tax Liability. 
 18 

JAPAN 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . You will be required to report details of any assets held outside Japan as of December 31st to the extent such assets have a total net fair market value exceeding 50,000,000. Such report will be due by March 15th each year. You should consult with your personal tax advisor as to whether the reporting obligation applies to you and whether the requirement extends to any outstanding RSU Awards, shares of Common Stock and or cash acquired under the Plan. 
 LITHUANIA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Language Consent . By accepting the RSU Award, you unambiguously and irrevocably confirm having read and understood the documents relating to the RSU Award (the Plan and the Agreement), which were prepared and provided in English language. You confirm and declare fully and wholly accept the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 Priimdamas RSU Award, Dalyvis nedviprasmi kai ir neat aukiamai patvirtina, jog, perskait ir suprato dokumentus susijusius su RSU teise (Plan ir Sutart ), kurie yra parengti ir pateikti angl kalba. Atitinkamai, Dalyvis patvirtina ir parei kia, jog pilvai ir visi kai sutinka su iuose dokumentuose i d stytomis s lygomis . 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . Lithuanian residents holding shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan outside Lithuania (in the securities accounts open with the non-Lithuanian brokers, credit institutions or similar) have to declare their foreign accounts where such securities are held to State Tax Inspectorate of the Republic of Lithuania STI ). 
 Tax Reporting Requirements . You must file an annual tax return providing details of income received from abroad (including income in kind the shares of Common Stock once they are obtained under the title of ownership) to the STI. 
 NETHERLANDS 
 There are no country-specific terms. 
 NEW ZEALAND 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . WARNING This is an offer of Restricted Stock Units. You understand that shares of Common Stock give you a stake in the ownership of the Company. You may receive a return if dividends are paid. The shares of Common Stock are quoted on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ). This means you may be able to sell them on the NYSE if there are interested buyers. You may get less than you invested. The price will depend on the demand for the shares of Common Stock. 
 If the Company runs into financial difficulties and is wound up, you will be paid, if at all, only after all creditors have been paid. You may lose some or all of your investment. 
 New Zealand law normally requires people who offer financial products to give information to investors before they invest. This information is designed to help investors make an informed decision. The usual rules do not apply to this offer because it is made under an employee share scheme. As a result, you may not be given all the information usually required. You will also have fewer other legal protections for this investment. 
 19 

For information on risk factors impacting the Company s business that may affect the value of the shares of Common Stock, you should refer to the risk factors discussion in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and are available online at www.sec.gov, as well as on the Company s Investor Relations website at http investors.unity.com . 
 You should ask questions, read all documents carefully, and seek independent financial advice before committing yourself. 
 PORTUGAL 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Language Consent . You expressly declare that you have full knowledge of the English language and have read, understood and fully accept and agree with the terms and conditions established in the Plan and the Agreement. 
 Conhecimento da Lingua . Pelo presente instrumento, voc declara expressamente que tem pleno conhecimento da l ngua Inglesa e que leu, compreendeu e livremente aceitou e concordou dos termos e condi es estabelecidas no Plano e no Acordo de Inscri o. 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . If you receive shares of Common Stock under the Plan, the acquisition of the shares should be reported to the Banco de Portugal for statistical purposes. If the shares of Common Stock are deposited with a commercial bank or financial intermediary in Portugal, such bank or financial intermediary will submit the report on your behalf. If the shares of Common Stock are not deposited with a commercial bank or financial intermediary in Portugal, you are responsible for submitting the report to the Banco de Portugal. 
 SINGAPORE 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Restriction on Sale of Shares . The RSU Award is subject to section 257 of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA and you will not be able to make any subsequent offer to sell or sale of the shares of Common Stock in Singapore, unless such offer or sale is made (1) after six (6) months from the Date of Grant or (2) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA. 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Notice . The offer of the Plan, the grant of the RSU Award, and the value of the underlying shares of Common Stock at vesting are being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the SFA. The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
 Director Notification . You understand and acknowledge that if you are a director, associate director or shadow director of a Singapore Affiliate, you are subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act, regardless of whether you are a Singapore resident or employed in Singapore. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Singapore Affiliate in writing when you receive an interest e.g. , an RSU Award or shares of Common Stock) in the Company. In addition, you must notify the Singapore Affiliate when you sell shares of Common Stock (including when you sell shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan). These notifications must be made within two days of acquiring or disposing of any interest in the Company. In addition, a notification must be made of your interests in the Company within two days of becoming a director, associate director or shadow director. 
 20 

SOUTH KOREA 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . Korean residents must declare all foreign financial accounts e.g. , non-Korean bank accounts, brokerage accounts) to the Korean tax authority and file a report with respect to such accounts if the value of such accounts exceeds KRW 500 million (or an equivalent amount in foreign currency). You should consult with your personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable requirements. 
 SPAIN 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Nature of Grant . The following provision supplements Section 5 of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants set forth above 
 In accepting the RSU Award, you acknowledge that you consent to participation in the Plan and have received a copy of the Plan. 
 You understand that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously, and in its sole discretion decided to grant RSU Awards under the Plan to Employees, Consultants, and Directors throughout the world. The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any grant will not economically or otherwise bind the Company on an ongoing basis. Consequently, you understand that the RSU Award is granted on the assumption and condition that the RSU Award and any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan are not part of any employment or service contract (either with the Company, the Service Recipient or any other Affiliate) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purposes (including severance compensation), or any other right whatsoever. In addition, you understand that this grant would not be made but for the assumptions and conditions referred to above thus, you acknowledge and freely accept that, should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, then any grant of or right to the RSU Award shall be null and void. 
 You understand and agree that, as a condition of the grant of the RSU Award, the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason (including the reasons listed below) will automatically result in the loss of your right to vest in the RSU Award, unless otherwise provided in the Agreement. In particular, unless otherwise provided in the Agreement, you understand and agree that any RSU Award which has not vested as of the date you are no longer actively providing service will be forfeited without entitlement to the underlying shares of Common Stock or to any amount of indemnification in the event of a termination of your Continuous Service by reason of, but not limited to, resignation, retirement, disciplinary dismissal adjudged to be with cause, disciplinary dismissal adjudged or recognized to be without good cause i.e., subject to a despido improcedente ), individual or collective dismissal on objective grounds, whether adjudged or recognized to be with or without cause, material modification of the terms of employment under Article 41 of the Workers Statute, relocation under Article 40 of the Workers Statute, Article 50 of the Workers Statute, unilateral withdrawal by the Service Recipient and under Article 10.3 of the Royal Decree 1382 1985. You acknowledge that you have read and specifically accept the conditions referred to in the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement as well as Section 5 of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants (as supplemented by this provision). 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . No offer of securities to the public, within the meaning of Spanish law, has taken place or will take place in the Spanish territory in connection with the RSU Award. The Plan, the Agreement and any other documents evidencing the grant of the RSU Award have not been, nor will they be, registered with the Comisi n Nacional del Mercado de Valores (the Spanish securities regulator), and none of those documents constitutes a public offering prospectus. 
 21 

Exchange Control Information . The acquisition, ownership and disposition of stock in a foreign company (including shares of Common Stock) must be declared for statistical purposes to the Spanish Direcci n General de Comercio e Inversiones (the DGCI ), the Bureau for Commerce and Investments, which is a department of the Ministry of Economy and Competitiveness. Generally, the declaration must be made in January for shares of Common Stock acquired or disposed of during the prior year and or for shares of Common Stock owned as of December 31 of the prior year however, if the value of shares of Common Stock acquired or sold exceeds 1,502,530 (or you hold 10 or more of the share capital of the Company or such other amount that would entitle you to join the Board), the declaration must be filed within one month of the acquisition or disposition, as applicable. 
 In addition, you may be required to declare electronically to the Bank of Spain any foreign accounts (including brokerage accounts held abroad), any foreign instruments (including any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan) and any transactions with non-Spanish residents (including any payments of shares of Common Stock made to you by the Company) depending on the value of such accounts and instruments and the amount of the transactions during the relevant year as of December 31 of the relevant year. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . You are required to report rights or assets deposited or held outside of Spain (including shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan or cash proceeds from the sale of such shares of Common Stock) as of December 31 of each year, if the value of such rights or assets exceeds 50,000 per type of right or asset. After such rights and or assets are initially reported, the reporting obligation will apply for subsequent years only if the value of any previously-reported rights or assets increases by more than 20,000 or if the ownership of the assets is transferred or relinquished during the year. 
 The exchange control and foreign asset account reporting requirements in Spain are complex. You should consult your personal legal and tax advisors to ensure compliance with the applicable requirements. 
 SWEDEN 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Authorization to Withhold . The following provision supplements Section 4 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 Without limiting the Company s or the Service Recipient s authority to satisfy their withholding obligations for any Tax Liability as set forth in Section 4 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, in accepting the RSU Award, you authorize the Company and or the Service Recipient to withhold or sell shares of Common Stock otherwise deliverable to you upon exercise to satisfy any Tax Liability, regardless of whether the Company or the Service Recipient has a withholding obligation on any such Tax Liability. 
 SWITZERLAND 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the Plan (i) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA (ii) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an Employee or (iii) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority, including the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority. 
 22 

TAIWAN 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Securities Law Information . The offer of participation in the Plan is available only for Employees and Consultants. The offer of participation in the Plan is not a public offer of securities by a Taiwanese company. 
 Data Privacy . The following provision supplements Section 1 of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants set forth above 
 You hereby acknowledge having read and understood Section 1 of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants set forth above and, by participating in the Plan, agree to such terms. In this regard, upon request of the Company or an Affiliate, you agree to provide any executed data privacy consent form (or any other agreements or consents that may be required by the Company or an Affiliate) that the Company and or an Affiliate may deem necessary under applicable data privacy laws, either now or in the future. You understand that you will not be able to participate in the Plan if you fail to execute any such consent or agreement. 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information. Taiwanese residents may acquire and remit foreign currency (including proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock) into Taiwan up to a certain amount per year. You understand that if you are a Taiwanese resident, and the transaction amount exceeds US 500,000 in a single transaction, you may need to submit a foreign exchange transaction form and provide supporting documentation to the satisfaction of the remitting bank. 
 UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . Participation in the Plan is being offered only to eligible Employees, Consultants, and Directors and is in the nature of providing equity incentives. Any documents related to participation in the Plan, including the Plan, the Agreement and any other grant documents RSU Documents ), are intended for distribution only to such eligible Employees, Consultants, and Directors and must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. 
 The United Arab Emirates securities or financial economic authorities have no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any RSU Documents and have not approved the RSU Documents nor taken steps to verify the information set out in them, and thus, are not responsible for their content. You should conduct your own due diligence on the securities offered. You acknowledge that if you do not understand the contents of the RSU Documents, you should consult an authorized financial advisor. 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Tax Responsibility and Satisfaction . The following provision supplements Section 4 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 Income tax and national insurance contributions may arise on vesting of (or any other dealing in) the RSU Award, and you agree to meet any such Tax Liability, including employee s primary Class 1 and Service Recipient s secondary Class 1 national insurance contributions NICs arising on vesting of the RSU Award for which the Service Recipient is required to account to Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs HMRC ). It is a condition of accepting the RSU Award that, if required by the Company or any Affiliate, you enter into such arrangements as the Company or any Affiliate may require for satisfaction of those Tax Liabilities. You acknowledge that you may be required, prior to vesting of the RSU Award, to enter into a joint election whereby the Service Recipient s liability for national insurance contributions is transferred to you on terms set out in the election and approved by HMRC. 
 23 

Without limitation to Section 4 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, you agree that you are responsible for all Tax Liability and hereby covenant to pay all such Tax Liability, as and when requested by the Company or an Affiliate or by HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). You also agree to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and its Affiliates against any Tax Liability they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority) on your behalf. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a director or executive officer (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act), you understand that you may not be able to indemnify the Company for the amount of any withholding obligation for Tax Liability not collected from or paid by you, in case the indemnification could be considered to be a loan. In this case, the Tax Liability not collected or paid within 90 days of the end of the U.K. tax year in which the taxable event occurs may constitute a benefit to you on which additional income tax and NICs may be payable. You understand that you will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for paying to the Company and or an Affiliate (as appropriate) the amount of any employee NICs due on this additional benefit, which may also be recovered from you by any of the means referred to in Section 4 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 Participant Date 
 24 

EXHIBIT B 
 Unity Software Inc. 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Denmark - Employer Statement 
 AFTALE OM TILDELING AF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS (RSU ER), HERUNDER ERKL RING I HENHOLD TIL AKTIEOPTIONSLOVEN AGREEMENT CONCERNING GRANTING OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS, INCLUDING STATEMENT PURSUANT TO THE DANISH STOCK OPTION ACT Unity Technologies ApS Loevstraede 5, DK-1152 K benhavn K Danmark (det Danske Selskab Unity Technologies ApS Loevstraede 5, DK-1152 Copenhagen K Denmark (the Danish Company Og and den i Tildelingsmeddelelsen anf rte Deltager Medarbejderen the Participant named in the Grant Notice (the Employee og and Unity Software Inc. 
 30 3 rd Street 
 San Francisco, Californien 94103 
 USA 
 Selskabet 
 Unity Software Inc. 
 30 3 rd Street 
 San Francisco, California 94103 
 USA 
 (the Company 
 har indg et denne aftale (den Danske Aftale vedr rende de betingede aktieenheder restricted stock units RSU er ), som Selskabet har tildelt Medarbejderen. Den Danske Aftale udg r endvidere en erkl ring til Medarbejderen i henhold til 3, stk. 1, i lov om brug af k beret eller tegningsret til aktier m.v. i ans ttelsesforhold Aktieoptionsloven ). have entered into this agreement (the Danish Agreement concerning the restricted stock units (the RSUs granted by the Company to the Employee. The Danish Agreement also constitutes a statement to the Employee pursuant to section 3 (1) of the Danish Act on the exercise of stock acquisition rights or stock subscription rights in employment relationships, etc. (the Stock Option Act ). I tilf lde af uoverensstemmelser mellem den Danske Aftale og Medarbejderens ans ttelsesaftale med det Danske Selskab har den Danske Aftale forrang. In the event of any discrepancies between the Danish Agreement and the Employee s contract of employment with the Danish Company, this Danish Agreement shall prevail. 
 25 

Selskabet har vedtaget et RSU-program, der omfatter medarbejdere i Selskabet og dettes tilknyttede virksomheder, herunder det Danske Selskabs medarbejdere. Vilk rene for RSU-programmet, der ogs omfatter de RSU er, der tildeles i medf r af den Danske Aftale, fremg r af Unity Software Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan Planen og Unity Software Inc. Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and RSU Award Grant Notice RSU-Aftalen (Planen og RSU-Aftalen ben vnes herefter samlet RSU-Programmet ). Denne Danske Aftale er betinget af Medarbejderens samtidige indg else af RSU-Aftalen. The Company has adopted an RSU program covering the employees of the Company and its affiliates, including the employees of the Danish Company. The terms of the RSU program, which also include the RSUs granted under the Danish Agreement, appear in the Unity Software Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Unity Software Inc. Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and RSU Award Grant Notice (the RSU Agreement ), (the Plan and RSU Agreement are hereinafter referred to as the RSU Program ). This Danish Agreement is contingent on the Employee s concurrent execution of the RSU Agreement. Vilk rene i RSU-Programmet finder anvendelse p Medarbejderens RSU er, medmindre denne Danske Aftale fasts tter vilk r, der fraviger vilk rene i RSU-Programmet. I s danne tilf lde har vilk rene i denne Danske Aftale forrang. The terms of the RSU Program apply to the Employee s RSUs, unless this Danish Agreement stipulates terms that deviate from the terms of the RSU Program. In such situations, the terms of this Danish Agreement shall prevail. Definitioner anvendt i denne Danske Aftale vil have samme betydning som i RSU-Programmet, medmindre andet f lger af denne Danske Aftale. The definitions in this Danish Agreement shall have the same meaning as the definitions of the RSU Program, unless otherwise provided by this Danish Agreement. 
 1 RSU ER OF VEDERLAG 1 RSUS AND CONSIDERATION 1.1 Medarbejderen bliver l bende efter Selskabets Bestyrelses Bestyrelsen sk n tildelt RSU er, der giver Medarbejderen ret til at erhverve ordin re aktier Aktier i Selskabet. RSU erne tildeles vederlagsfrit. 1.1 The Employee is granted RSUs on a current basis at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ), entitling the Employee to acquire shares of Common Stock Shares in the Company. The RSUs are granted free of charge 1.2 Udstedelsen af Aktier finder sted som beskrevet i pkt. 5 i RSU-Aftalen. Der betales ingen udnyttelseskurs i forbindelse med RSU ernes modning. 1.2 The issuance of Shares will take place as described in section 5 of the RSU Agreement. No exercise price is payable upon the vesting of the RSUs. 2 KRITERIER ELLER BETINGELSER FOR TILDELINGEN 2 CRITERIA OR CONDITIONS FOR THE GRANT 2.1 Medarbejdere, konsulenter og bestyrelsesmedlemmer i Selskabet eller et tilknyttet selskab, der er udpeget af L nudvalget p datoen for tildelingens ikrafttr den, er berettigede til at deltage 2.1 Employees, consultants and directors of the Company or an affiliate of the Company designated by the Committee on the effective date of the grant may be eligible to participate. 
 26 

3 VRIGE VILK R 3 OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS 3.1 RSU erne tildeles i overensstemmelse med RSU-Programmet. 3.1 The RSUs are granted under the RSU Program. 3.2 Optionerne tildeles efter L nudvalgets sk n i Aktieprogrammets l betid. 3.2 The RSUs are granted at the discretion of the Committee during the term of the RSU Program. 3.3 RSU erne modnes i henhold til den i Tildelingsmeddelelsen anf rte modningsplan. 3.3 The RSUs vest according to the vesting schedule set forth in the Grant Notice. 3.4 Modningen af RSU er er betinget af, at Medarbejderen er ansat i det Danske Selskab eller en anden med Selskabet koncernforbundet enhed, og ingen RSU er vil blive tildelt eller modnes efter ans ttelsesforholdets oph r, uanset rsagen hertil, jf. dog pkt. 4 nedenfor. Modningen af RSU er p virkes ikke af lovreguleret orlov. 3.4 The vesting of RSUs is conditional on the Employee being employed with the Danish Company or another entity in the Company group and no RSUs are granted or shall vest after the termination of such employment, regardless of the reason for such termination, cf. however Section 4 below. The vesting of RSUs is not influenced by statutory leave. 4 FRATR DEN 4 TERMINATION 4.1 Som anf rt i Tildelingsmeddelelsen oph rer modning af RSU'erne i tilf lde af oph r af Medarbejderens Fortsatte Ans ttelse, undtagen hvor oph ret af Fortsat Ans ttelse skyldes Medarbejderens d d. 4.1 As set forth in the Grant Notice, except the case of termination due to death, vesting of the RSUs shall terminate upon the Employee s termination of Continuous Service. 5 JUSTERING AF RSU ERNE 
 5 ADJUSTMENT OF THE RSUS 5.1 Justering i forbindelse med kapital ndringer 5.1 Adjustment in connection with capital changes 
 27 

5.2 Som yderligere beskrevet i RSU-Programmet g lder det, at hvis antallet af udest ende Aktier ndres i forbindelse med en ndring i Selskabets kapitalstruktur uden vederlag s som aktieudbytte, rekapitalisering, aktiesplit, omvendt aktie-split, opdeling eller omklassificering, kan der foretages justeringer, der kan p virke RSU-Programmet, herunder justering af antallet og klasserne af Aktier, der kan leveres i henhold til Programmet, og af antallet af Aktier for hver endnu ikke modnet RSU i henhold til RSU-Programmet. 5.2 As further set out in the RSU Program, if the number of outstanding Shares is changed by a modification in the capital structure of the Company without consideration such as a stock dividend, recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, subdivision or reclassification then adjustments may be made that may impact the RSU Program including adjusting of the number and class of Shares that may be delivered under the Program, the number of Shares covered by each RSU under the RSU Program which has not yet vested. 5.3 Andre ndringer 5.3 Other changes 5.4 S fremt der sker et kontrolskifte i Moderselskabet, kan der foretages justeringer i RSU-Programmet som n rmere beskrevet deri. 5.4 If there is a change in control of the Parent Company adjustments may be made to the RSU Program as further set out therein. 5.5 L nudvalgets regulering af Optioner 5.5 Committee s regulation of Options 5.6 L nudvalgets bemyndigelse til at regulere RSU erne i de i dette pkt. 5 omhandlede situationer er underlagt pkt. 6 i Planen og pkt. 7 i RSU-Aftalen. 5.6 The Committee s authority to regulate of the RSUs in the situations comprised by this section 5 shall be governed by section 6 of the Plan and section 7 of the RSU Agreement. 6 KONOMISKE ASPEKTER VED DELTAGELSE I ORDNINGEN 6 THE FINANCIAL ASPECTS OF PARTICIPATING IN THE SCHEME 6.1 RSU erne er risikobetonede v rdipapirer, der p virkes af aktiemarkedet og Selskabets resultater. Som f lge heraf er der ingen garanti for, at modningen af RSU erne udl ser en fortjeneste. RSU erne indg r ikke i beregningen af feriepenge, fratr delsesgodtg relse, lovpligtig godtg relse eller kompensation, pension og lignende 6.1 The RSUs are risky securities influenced by the capital market and the Company s results. Consequently, there is no guarantee that the vesting of the RSUs will trigger a profit. The RSUs are not to be included in the calculation of holiday allowance, severance pay, statutory allowance and compensation, pension and similar payments. 7 SKATTEM SSIGE FORHOLD 7 TAX MATTERS 
 28 

7.1 De skattem ssige konsekvenser for Medarbejderen som f lge af tildelingen af RSU erne og modningen af disse er det Danske Selskab og Selskabet uvedkommende. Det Danske Selskab opfordrer Medarbejderen til at indhente individuel r dgivning om den skattem ssige behandling af tildelingen og modningen af RSU erne. 7.1 Any tax consequences for the Employee arising out of the RSUs and the vesting thereof are of no concern to the Danish Company or the Company. The Danish Company encourages the Employee to obtain individual tax advice in relation to the effect of grant and vesting of the RSUs. 8 OVERDRAGELSE PANTS TNING AF RSU ER MV. 8 TRANSFER AND PLEDGING OF RSUS, ETC. 8.1 RSU erne er personlige og kan hverken s lges, bortgives, pants ttes eller p anden m de overdrages til tredjemand, hverken frivilligt eller ved udl g. 8.1 The RSUs are personal instruments that cannot be sold, given away, pledged or otherwise transferred to a third party, whether voluntarily or by execution. 8.2 Udover at udg re en erkl ring i overensstemmelse med Aktieoptionsloven 3, stk. 1, udg r denne Danske Aftale ogs en integreret del af Medarbejderens ans ttelsesaftale med det Danske Selskab og er undergivet dansk lovgivning. 8.2 In addition to constituting a statement in accordance with section 3 (1) of the Danish Stock Option Act, this Danish Agreement constitutes an integral part of the Employee s contract of employment with the Danish Company and is subject to Danish law. 

29 

Unity Software Inc. 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 
 RSU Award Grant Notice For Non-Employee Directors 
 Unity Software Inc. (the Company has awarded to you (the Participant the number of restricted stock units specified and on the terms set forth below (the RSU Award ). Your RSU Award is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein and in the Company s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, including any country-specific appendices thereto (the Appendix ), which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined herein but defined in the Plan or the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or the Agreement. 
 Participant Date of Grant Estimated Vest Date Number of Restricted Stock Units 
 Vesting Schedule This Award fully vests on the earlier of (1) the first anniversary of the grant date or (2) the date of the Company's next Annual Meeting of Stockholders following the grant date, subject to the Participant s Continuous Service through the vesting date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as set forth below, vesting shall terminate upon the Participant s termination of Continuous Service. Issuance Schedule One share of Common Stock shall be issued for each restricted stock unit which vests at the time set forth in Section 5 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 Participant Acknowledgements By your signature below or by electronic acceptance or authentication in a form authorized by the Company, you understand and agree that 
 The RSU Award is governed by this RSU Award Grant Notice (the Grant Notice ), and the provisions of the Plan and the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (including the Appendix), all of which are made a part of this document. This Grant Notice, the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and the Appendix (collectively, the Agreement may not be modified, amended or revised except in a writing signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company, unless otherwise provided in the Plan. 
 You have read and are familiar with the provisions of the Plan, the Agreement and the Prospectus. In the event of any conflict between the provisions in this Agreement (including the Grant Notice, the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and the Appendix) or the Prospectus and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control. 
 The Agreement sets forth the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding the acquisition of Common Stock and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements, promises and or representations on that subject with the exception of (i) other equity awards previously granted to you, and (ii) any written employment agreement, offer letter, severance agreement, written severance plan or policy, or other written agreement between the Company and you in each case that specifies the terms that should govern this RSU Award. 
 You consent to receive the Agreement, the Plan, the Prospectus and any other Plan-related documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act 
 30 

or other applicable law) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered will be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 
 UNITY SOFTWARE INC. PARTICIPANT By Signature Signature Title Date Date 
 31 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.17>
 3
 ex1017carolcarpenterofferl.htm
 EX-10.17

Document 

December 28, 2021 
 Address Intentionally Omitted 
 Re Offer of Employment by Unity Technologies SF 
 Dear Carol 
 I am very pleased to confirm our offer to you of employment with Unity Technologies SF (the Company ). You will report to John Riccitiello, Chief Executive Officer in the position of Chief Marketing Officer. The terms of our offer and the benefits currently provided by the Company are as follows 
 1. Starting Salary . This is an exempt position. Your starting base salary will be USD 29,166.67 per month (USD 350,000.00 on an annualized basis). Any salary will be paid out on a semi-monthly basis less all applicable taxes, withholdings, and deductions required by law. 
 2. Corporate Bonus. You are eligible to receive a discretionary corporate bonus targeted at 75 (USD 262,500.00) of your earned annual salary during the previous fiscal year pursuant to the terms of the discretionary bonus letter that will be provided to you outside of this agreement and only to the extent determined appropriate by the Company in its sole discretion. In order to be eligible to receive a discretionary corporate bonus, you must be employed by the Company on the date that corporate bonuses are paid. Any bonus amount will be paid out less all applicable taxes, withholdings, and deductions required by law. 
 3. Start Date . Your start date will be February 22, 2022 Start Date ). 
 4. Location and Travel . You will work from the Company s office in San Francisco, CA and be expected to travel as appropriate. 
 5. Benefits . Beginning on the Start Date, you will be eligible to participate in any benefits plans offered to the employees of the Company. A presentation of our benefits program will be given to you during your first month of employment. The Company may modify benefits policies from time-to-time, as it deems necessary. 
 6. Confidentiality Company Rules and Policies . As an employee of the Company, you will have access to certain confidential information of the Company and you may, during the course of your employment, develop certain information or inventions that will be the property of the Company. To protect the interests of the Company, you will need to sign the Company's standard Employee Nondisclosure, Assignment and Non-Solicitation Agreement, attached as Attachment 1, as a condition of your employment. During the period that you render services to the Company, you agree to not engage in any employment, business or activity that is in any way competitive with the business or proposed business of the Company. You will disclose to the Company in writing any other gainful employment, business or activity that you are currently associated with or participate in so the company may assess whether a conflict exists. You will not assist any other person or organization in competing with the Company or in preparing to engage in competition with the business or proposed business of the Company. You will also be required to abide by all Company rules and policies. Therefore you will be asked to acknowledge that you have read the employee handbook, Global Code of Conduct, and supplemental policies, which will be provided to you during your onboarding. In order to retain necessary flexibility in the administration of its policies and procedures, the Company reserves the right to change or revise its policies, 
 procedures, and benefits at any time. 

7. Global Privacy Notice to the Workforce . You confirm that you have read and understood Unity s Data Privacy Policy attached as Attachment 2. 
 8. No Breach of Obligations to Prior Employers . We wish to impress upon you that we do not want you to, and we hereby direct you not to, bring with you any confidential or proprietary material of any former employer or to violate any other obligations you may have to any former employer. You represent that your signing of this offer letter, agreement(s) concerning restricted stock units or stock options granted to you, if any, under the Plan (as defined below) and the Company's Employee Nondisclosure, Assignment and Non-Solicitation Agreement and your commencement of employment with the Company will not violate any agreement currently in place between yourself and current or past employers. 
 9. Restricted Stock Units . You will be granted restricted stock units RSUs with a value of 18,750,000.00 USD based on the average value of the stock price for the thirty (30) days preceding and including the date of the Board approval of the grant Initial Grant ). The number of RSUs will ultimately be determined and approved at the discretion of the Board and the Board may exercise its discretion to alter the number of shares that are granted by either increasing or decreasing the number of RSUs. Settlement of the RSUs will be conditioned on the satisfaction of a single vesting requirement known as a Time-Based Requirement. For the Initial Grant, the Time-Based Requirement will be satisfied at the rate of 25 of the RSUs on the next quarterly installment date following the first anniversary of your Start Date and an additional 6.25 on a quarterly basis thereafter, so long as you remain employed by the Company. The Initial Grant of such RSUs by the Parent Company is subject to the Board s approval and this promise to recommend such approval is not a promise of compensation and is not intended to create any obligation on the part of the Parent Company. 
 Additionally, you will be granted RSUs with a value of USD 5,000,000.00 based on the average value of the stock price for the thirty (30) days preceding and including the date of the Board approval of the grant (the Additional Grant ). The number of RSUs will ultimately be determined and approved at the discretion of the Board and the Board may exercise its discretion to alter the number of shares that are granted by either increasing or decreasing the number of RSUs. Settlement of the RSUs will be conditioned on the satisfaction of a single vesting requirement known as a Time-Based Requirement. For the Additional Award, the Time-Based Requirement will be satisfied at the rate of 50 of the RSUs on the first quarterly installment date following your Start Date, and 50 of the RSUs on the first quarterly installment date following the first anniversary of your Start Date, so long as you remain employed by the Company on each such date. The Additional Grant of such RSUs by the Parent Company is subject to the Board s approval and this promise to recommend such approval is not a promise of compensation and is not intended to create any obligation on the part of the Parent Company. 
 10. Stock Options . In addition, you will be granted an option to purchase 6,250,000.00 USD worth of shares of the Company s Common Stock Options ). The number of Options will ultimately be determined and approved at the discretion of the Board and the Board may exercise its discretion to alter the number of Options. The Awards will be granted under, and subject to the terms and conditions of, the Company s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), as well as the terms and conditions to be set forth in any subplan to the Plan, equity award agreement (including any country appendix thereto) and notice of grant, which grant documents will be provided to you as soon as practicable after the date of grant. You will be required to sign or otherwise accept the grant documents in accordance with the Company s acceptance procedures, if your Awards are approved. 
 If the Options are approved, you will be given the opportunity to purchase shares of Company Common Stock at an exercise price set at the fair market value of the Company common stock, which will be the closing sales price on the date of the grant for a share of Common Stock as quoted on the New York Stock Exchange. The Options will vest at the rate of 25 on the first anniversary of your start date, and an additional 1 48 per month thereafter, so long as you remain employed by the Company group. 
 In the spirit of making sure there is no miscommunication, we re adding an extra sentence here to remind you that we make no promises with respect to the potential value or liquidity of our stock. Further details on the Plan and the terms and conditions of any specific grant to you will be provided upon approval of such grant by the Parent Company's Board of Directors. 

11. Vesting Acceleration . Under the Executive Severance Plan. You are eligible to participate in the Senior Executive Severance Plan Severance Plan ), which will be provided to you separately after your Start Date. If you accept the terms of the Severance Plan, notwithstanding the foregoing vesting schedules listed in the Stock Options, and Restricted Stock Units section above, you will be eligible for accelerated equity vesting under certain circumstances as set out in the Severance Plan. 
 12. At Will Employment . While we look forward to a long relationship, should you decide to accept our offer, you will be an at-will employee of the Company, which means the employment relationship can be terminated by either of us for any reason, at any time, with or without prior notice and with or without cause. Any statements or representations to the contrary (and, indeed, any statements contradicting any provision in this letter) should be regarded by you as ineffective. Further, your participation in any stock plan or benefit program is not to be regarded as assuring you of continuing employment for any particular period of time. Any modification or change in your at will employment status may only occur by way of a written employment agreement signed by you and the Chief People Officer of the Company. 
 13. Authorization to Work. Please note that because of employer regulations adopted in the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, within three (3) business days of starting your new position you will need to present documentation demonstrating that you have authorization to work in the United States. If you have questions about this requirement, which applies to U.S. citizens and non-U.S. citizens alike, you may contact our personnel office. 
 14. Arbitration. You and the Company agree to submit to mandatory binding arbitration of any and all claims arising out of or related to your employment with the Company and the termination thereof, including, but not limited to, claims for unpaid wages, wrongful termination, torts, or other forms of compensation, and or discrimination (including harassment) based upon any federal, state or other ordinance, statute, regulation or constitutional provision, except that each party may, at its, his or her option, seek injunctive relief in court related to the improper use, disclosure or misappropriation of a party s proprietary, confidential or trade secret information. All arbitration hearings shall be conducted in San Francisco, California. THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHTS THEY MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY IN REGARD TO SUCH CLAIMS. The parties further agree that any arbitrable claims shall be resolved on an individual basis, and you agree to waive your right, to the extent allowed by applicable law, to consolidate any arbitrable claims with the claims of any other person in a class or collective action. This Agreement does not restrict your right to file administrative claims you may bring before any government agency where, as a matter of law, the parties may not restrict the employee s ability to file such claims (including, but not limited to, the National Labor Relations Board, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, disputes solely before government agencies, claims under applicable workers compensation law, and unemployment claims). However, the parties agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, arbitration shall be final and binding on the parties and shall be the exclusive remedy for the subject matter of such administrative claims. The arbitration shall be conducted through JAMS before a single neutral arbitrator, in accordance with the JAMS employment arbitration rules then in effect. The Company agrees to pay the fees and costs of the arbitrator. The JAMS rules may be found and reviewed at http www.jamsadr.com rules-employment-arbitration. If you are unable to access these rules, inform the Company s Human Resources Department and a hardcopy will be provided to you. As in any arbitration, the burden of proof shall be allocated as provided by applicable law. The arbitrator shall issue a written decision that contains the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision is based. The arbitrator shall have the same authority as a court to award equitable relief, damages, costs, and fees (excluding the costs and fees of the arbitrator) as provided by law for the particular claims asserted. This arbitration clause shall be governed by and construed in all respects under the terms of the Federal Arbitration Act and the California Arbitration Act, including Cal. Civ. Proc. Code 1283.05. 

15. Entire Agreement. This offer, once accepted, constitutes the entire agreement between you and the Company with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior offers, negotiations and agreements, if any, whether written or oral, relating to such subject matter. You acknowledge that neither the Company nor its agents have made any promise, representation or warranty whatsoever, either express or implied, written or oral, which is not contained in this agreement for the purpose of inducing you to execute the agreement, and you acknowledge that you have executed this agreement in reliance only upon such promises, representations and warranties as are contained herein. 
 16. Severability. If any term of this letter is held to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms herein will remain in full force and effect and will in no way be affected, and the parties will use their best efforts to find an alternative way to achieve the same result. 
 17. Governing Law . The terms of this letter and the resolution of any dispute as to the meaning, effect, performance or validity of this letter or arising out of, related to, or in any way connected with this letter, your employment with the Company or any other relationship between you and the Company (a Dispute will be governed by the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws. To the extent not subject to arbitration as described in Section 10, you and the Company consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of, and venue in, the state courts in San Francisco County in the State of California (or in the event of exclusive federal jurisdiction, the courts of the Northern District of California in connection with any Dispute or any claim related to any Dispute). 
 18 . Background Check . This offer is contingent upon the successful completion of background and reference checks. 
 19. Acceptance . This offer will remain open until December 29, 2021. If you decide to accept our offer, and I hope you will, please sign the enclosed copy of this letter in the space indicated and return it to me. Your signature will acknowledge that you have read and understood and agreed to the terms and conditions of this offer letter and the attached documents, if any. Should you have anything else that you wish to discuss, please do not hesitate to call me. 
 We look forward to the opportunity to welcome you to the Company. 
 Very truly yours, By 
 Scott Pitasky, Chief People Officer 
 I have read and understood this offer letter and hereby acknowledge, accept and agree to the terms as set forth above and further acknowledge that no other commitments were made to me as part of my employment offer except as specifically set forth herein. 
 
 December 29, 2021 Carol Carpenter Date 

Attachment 1 
 EMPLOYEE NONDISCLOSURE, ASSIGNMENT AND NON-SOLICITATION AGREEMENT 
 This Agreement sets forth in writing certain understandings and procedures in effect as of the date of my initial employment with Unity Technologies SF Company ). 
 1. Duties. In return for the compensation now and hereafter paid to me, I will perform such duties for Company as the Company may designate from time to time. During my employment with Company, I will devote my best efforts to the interests of Company, will not engage in other employment or in any conduct in direct conflict with Company s interests that would cause a material and substantial disruption to Company and will otherwise abide by all of Company s policies and procedures. Furthermore, I will not (a) reveal, disclose or otherwise make available to any unauthorized person any Company password or key, whether or not the password or key is assigned to me or (b) obtain, possess or use in any manner a Company password or key that is not assigned to me. I will use my best efforts to prevent the unauthorized use of any laptop or personal computer, peripheral device, software or related technical documentation that the Company issues to me, and I will not input, load or otherwise attempt any unauthorized use of software in any Company computer, whether or not such computer is assigned to me. 
 2. Proprietary Information Definition. Proprietary Information includes (a) any information that is confidential or proprietary, technical or non-technical information of Company, including for example and without limitation, information related to Company Innovations (as defined in Section 4 below), concepts, techniques, processes, methods, systems, designs, computer programs, source documentation, trade secrets, formulas, development or experimental work, work in progress, forecasts, proposed and future products, marketing plans, business plans, customers and suppliers and any other nonpublic information that has commercial value or (b) any information Company has received from others that Company is obligated to treat as confidential or proprietary, which may be made known to me by Company, a third party or 

otherwise that I may learn during my employment with Company. 
 3. Ownership and Nondisclosure of Proprietary Information. All Proprietary Information and all worldwide patents (including, but not limited to, any and all patent applications, patents, continuations, continuation-in-parts, reissues, divisionals, substitutions, and extensions), copyrights, mask works, trade secrets and other worldwide rights in and to the Proprietary Information are the property of Company, Company s assigns, Company s customers and Company s suppliers, as applicable. I will not disclose any Proprietary Information to anyone outside Company, and I will use and disclose Proprietary Information to those inside Company only as necessary to perform my duties as an employee of Company. If I have any questions as to whether information is Proprietary Information, or to whom, if anyone, inside Company, any Proprietary Information may be disclosed, I will ask my manager at Company 
 4. Innovations Definition. In this Agreement, Innovations means all discoveries, designs, developments, improvements, inventions (whether or not protectable under patent laws), works of authorship, information fixed in any tangible medium of expression (whether or not protectable under copyright laws), trade secrets, know-how, ideas (whether or not protectable under trade secret laws), mask works, trademarks, service marks, trade names and trade dress. 
 5. Disclosure and License of Prior Innovations. I have listed on Exhibit A Prior Innovations attached hereto all Innovations relating in any way to Company s business or demonstrably anticipated research and development or business, which were conceived, reduced to practice, created, derived, developed, or made by me prior to my employment with Company (collectively, the Prior Innovations ). I represent that I have no rights in any such Company-related Innovations other than those Innovations listed in Exhibit A Prior Innovations ). If nothing is listed on Exhibit A Prior Innovations ), I represent that there are no Prior Innovations at the time of signing this Agreement. I hereby grant to Company and Company s designees a 

royalty-free, irrevocable, worldwide, fully paid-up license (with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicensees) to practice all patent, copyright, moral right, mask work, trade secret and other intellectual property rights relating to any Prior Innovations that I incorporate, or permit to be incorporated, in any Innovations that I, solely or jointly with others, conceive, develop or reduce to practice within the scope of my employment with Company (the Company Innovations ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, I will not incorporate, or permit to be incorporated, any Prior Innovations in any Company Innovations without Company s prior written consent. 
 6. Disclosure and Assignment of Company Innovations. I will promptly disclose and describe to Company all Company Innovations. I hereby do and will assign to Company or Company s designee all my right, title, and interest in and to any and all Company Innovations. To the extent any of the rights, title and interest in and to Company Innovations cannot be assigned by me to Company, I hereby grant to Company an exclusive, royaltyfree, transferable, irrevocable, worldwide license (with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicensees) to practice such non-assignable rights, title and interest, including, but not limited to, the right to make, use, sell, offer for sale, import, have made, and have sold, such Company Innovations. To the extent any of the rights, title and interest in and to Company Innovations can neither be assigned nor licensed by me to Company, I hereby irrevocably waive and agree never to assert such non-assignable and nonlicensable rights, title and interest against Company, any of Company s successors in interest, or any of Company s customers. This Section 6 shall not apply to any Innovations that (a) do not relate, at the time of conception, reduction to practice, creation, derivation, development or making of such Innovation to Company s business or actual or demonstrably anticipated research, development or business and (b) were developed entirely on my own time and (c) were developed without use of any of Company s equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information and (d) did not result from any work I performed for Company. 
 7. Future Innovations. I will disclose promptly in writing to Company all Innovations conceived, 

reduced to practice, created, derived, developed, or made by me within the scope of my employment with the Company and for three (3) months thereafter, whether or not I believe such Innovations are subject to this Agreement, to permit a determination by Company as to whether or not the Innovations should be considered Company Innovations. Company will receive any such information in confidence. 
 8. Notice of Nonassignable Innovations to Employees in California. This Agreement does not apply to an Innovation that qualifies fully as a nonassignable invention under the provisions of Section 2870 of the California Labor Code. I acknowledge that a condition for an Innovation to qualify fully as a non-assignable invention under the provisions of Section 2870 of the California Labor Code is that the invention must be protected under patent laws. I have reviewed the notification in Exhibit B Limited Exclusion Notification and agree that my signature acknowledges receipt of the notification. 
 9. Cooperation in Perfecting Rights to Company Innovations. I agree to perform, during and after my employment, all acts that Company deems necessary or desirable to permit and assist Company, at its expense, in obtaining and enforcing the full benefits, enjoyment, rights and title throughout the world in the Company Innovations as provided to Company under this Agreement. If Company is unable for any reason to secure my signature to any document required to file, prosecute, register or memorialize the assignment of any rights or application or to enforce any right under any Company Innovations as provided under this Agreement, I hereby irrevocably designate and appoint Company and Company s duly authorized officers and agents as my agents and attorneys-in-fact to act for and on my behalf and instead of me to take all lawfully permitted acts to further the filing, prosecution, registration, memorialization of assignment, issuance, and enforcement of rights under such Innovations, all with the same legal force and effect as if executed by me. The foregoing is deemed a power coupled with an interest and is irrevocable. 
 10. Return of Materials. At any time upon Company s request, and when my employment with Company is over, I will return all materials (including, without limitation, documents, 

drawings, papers, diskettes and tapes) containing or disclosing any Proprietary Information (including all copies thereof), as well as any keys, pass cards, identification cards, computers, printers, pagers, personal digital assistants or similar items or devices that the Company has provided to me. I will provide Company with a written certification of my compliance with my obligations under this Section. 
 11. No Violation of Rights of Third Parties. During my employment with Company, I will not (a) breach any agreement to keep in confidence any confidential or proprietary information, knowledge or data acquired by me prior to my employment with Company or (b) disclose to Company, or use or induce Company to use, any confidential or proprietary information or material belonging to any previous employer or any other third party. I am not currently a party, and will not become a party, to any other agreement that is in conflict, or will prevent me from complying, with this Agreement. 
 12. Survival. This Agreement (a) shall survive my employment by Company (b) does not in any way restrict my right to resign or the right of Company to terminate my employment at any time, for any reason or for no reason (c) inures to the benefit of successors and assigns of Company and (d) is binding upon my heirs and legal representatives. 
 13. No Solicitation. During my employment with Company and for one (1) year thereafter, I will not solicit, encourage, or cause others to solicit or encourage any employees of Company to terminate their employment with Company. 
 14. Injunctive Relief. I agree that if I violate this Agreement, Company will suffer irreparable and continuing damage for which money damages are insufficient, and Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief and or a decree for specific performance, and such other relief as may be proper (including money damages if appropriate), to the extent permitted by law. 
 15. Notices. Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered as follows, with notice deemed given as indicated (a) by personal delivery, when actually delivered (b) by overnight courier, upon written verification of receipt (c) by facsimile transmission, upon acknowledgment of receipt 

of electronic transmission or (d) by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, upon verification of receipt. Notices to me shall be sent to any address in Company s records or such other address as I may provide in writing. Notices to Company shall be sent to Company s Human Resources Department or to such other address as Company may specify in writing. 
 16. Governing Law Forum. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and by the laws of the State of California, as such laws are applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within California between California residents. Company and I each irrevocably consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in California, as applicable, for any matter arising out of or relating to this Agreement, except that in actions seeking to enforce any order or any judgment of such federal or state courts located in California, such personal jurisdiction shall be nonexclusive. Additionally, notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, a claim for equitable relief arising out of or related to this Agreement may be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction. 
 17. Severability. If an arbitrator or court of law holds any provision of this Agreement to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) that provision shall be deemed amended to provide Company the maximum protection permitted by applicable law and (b) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected. 
 18. Waiver Modification. If Company waives any term, provision or breach by me of this Agreement, such waiver shall not be effective unless it is in writing and signed by Company. No waiver shall constitute a waiver of any other or subsequent breach by me. This Agreement may be modified only if both Company and I consent in writing. 
 19. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including any agreement to arbitrate claims or disputes relating to my employment that I may have signed in connection with my employment by Company, represents my entire understanding with Company with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all previous understandings, written or oral. 

I certify and acknowledge that I have carefully read all of the provisions of this Agreement and that I understand and will fully and faithfully comply with such provisions. 
 COMPANY EMPLOYEE UNITY TECHNOLOGIES SF By Scott Pitasky, Chief People Officer Carol Carpenter 

December 28, 2021 December 29, 2021 

Exhibit A 
 (Prior Innovations) 
 If you have no such Prior Innovations 
 Please write None in the Box Below 
 OR 
 If you do have such Prior Innovations 
 Provide in the box below at a minimum a basic description of each of your claimed Prior Innovations sufficient to identify it, excluding those described in any issued patent as of the date of signing. 
 None 

Exhibit B 
 LIMITED EXCLUSION NOTIFICATION TO EMPLOYEES IN CALIFORNIA AND WASHINGTON 
 THIS IS TO NOTIFY you in accordance with California Labor Code Section 2872 and the Revised Code of Washington Section 49.44.140 that the foregoing Agreement between you and Company does not require you to assign or offer to assign to Company any invention that you developed entirely on your own time without using Company s equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information except for those inventions that either 
 (1) Relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to Company s business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of Company or 
 (2) Result from any work performed by you for Company. 
 To the extent a provision in the foregoing Agreement purports to require you to assign an invention otherwise excluded from the preceding Section, the provision is against the public policy of California or Washington, as applicable and is unenforceable. 
 This limited exclusion does not apply to any patent or invention covered by a contract between Company and the United States or any of its agencies requiring full title to such patent or invention to be in the United States. 
 I ACKNOWLEDGE RECEIPT of a copy of this notification. 
 COMPANY EMPLOYEE UNITY TECHNOLOGIES SF By Scott Pitasky, Chief People Officer Carol Carpenter 

December 28, 2021 December 29, 2021 

Exhibit 10.17 

Contract Addendum - Sign-On Bonus agreement 
 Between 
 Unity Technologies SF 
 30 3rd Street 
 San Francisco, CA 94103 
 And 
 Carol Carpenter 
 Intentionally Omitted 
 December 28, 2021 
 Dear Carol, 
 On behalf of Unity Technologies SF Unity , I am delighted to confirm that we will be providing you with a one-time discretionary sign-on bonus equivalent to 100,000.00. This payment will be made to you in the first payroll following your Start Date (as defined in your employment agreement) with Unity, less all applicable taxes, withholdings, and deductions as required by local law. 
 Your sign-on bonus is conditioned upon your continued employment with Unity through the one-year anniversary of your Start Date (as defined in your employment agreement), and is not earned until that anniversary date. If you leave Unity for any reason (by resignation or Unity-initiated) prior to the one (1) year anniversary of your Start Date, you agree to reimburse Unity for the sign-on bonus amount on a prorated basis within thirty (30) days of your termination date. 
 To the extent allowable by local law, Unity may, at its discretion, deduct such reimbursement from any monies it owes you, including salary, wages, bonuses or severance pay after such amounts are deducted, you shall promptly pay to Unity any remaining amount owed. The full reimbursement must be made within thirty (30) calendar days of your last day of employment with Unity. 
 Any bonus provided by Unity shall be discretionary and shall not give rise to any future entitlements for bonus payments. 
 Please sign below to acknowledge and accept the terms of this agreement. 
 
 Kind regards, 
 
 __________________ 
 Scott Pitasky 
 Chief Human Resources Officer 
 Unity Technologies SF 

I acknowledge and agree to the terms of the above sign-on bonus agreement 
 
 _____________________ 
 Carol Carpenter 
 Employee 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-10.18>
 4
 ex1018anirmaguptaofferlett.htm
 EX-10.18

Document 

November 4, 2022 
 Anirma Gupta 
 Address Intentionally Omitted 
 Re Offer of Employment by Unity Technologies SF 
 Dear Anirma 
 I am very pleased to confirm our offer to you of employment with Unity Technologies SF (the Company ). You will report to John Riccitiello, Chief Executive Officer in the position of SVP, General Counsel. The terms of our offer and the benefits currently provided by the Company are as follows 
 1. Starting Salary . This is an exempt position. Your starting base salary will be USD 29,166.67 per month (USD 350,000.00 on an annualized basis). Any salary will be paid out on a semi-monthly basis less all applicable taxes, withholdings, and deductions required by law. 
 2. Corporate Bonus. You are eligible to receive a discretionary corporate bonus targeted at 75 (USD 262,500.00) of your earned annual salary during the previous fiscal year pursuant to the terms of the discretionary bonus letter that will be provided to you outside of this agreement and only to the extent determined appropriate by the Company in its sole discretion. In order to be eligible to receive a discretionary corporate bonus, you must be employed by the Company on the date that corporate bonuses are paid. Any bonus amount will be paid out less all applicable taxes, withholdings, and deductions required by law. 
 3. Start Date . Your start date will be November 23, 2022 Start Date ). 
 4. Location and Travel . You will work from the Company s office in San Francisco, CA and be expected to travel as appropriate. 
 5. Benefits . Beginning on the Start Date, you will be eligible to participate in any benefits plans offered to the employees of the Company. A presentation of our benefits program will be given to you during your first month of employment. The Company may modify benefits policies from time to time, as it deems necessary. 
 6. Confidentiality Company Rules and Policies . As an employee of the Company, you will have access to certain confidential information of the Company and you may, during the course of your employment, develop certain information or inventions that will be the property of the Company. To protect the interests of the Company, you will need to sign the Company's standard Employee Nondisclosure, Assignment and Non-Solicitation Agreement, attached as Attachment 1 , as a condition of your employment. During the period that you render services to the Company, you agree to not engage in any employment, business or activity that is in any way competitive with the business or proposed business of the Company. You will disclose to the Company in writing any other gainful employment, business or activity that you are currently associated with or participate in so the company may assess whether a conflict exists. You will not assist any other person or organization in competing with the Company or in preparing to engage in competition with the business or proposed business of the Company. You will also be required to abide by all Company rules and policies. Therefore you will be asked to acknowledge that you have read the employee handbook, Global Code of Conduct, and supplemental policies, which will be provided to you during your onboarding. In order to retain necessary flexibility in the administration of its policies and procedures, the Company reserves the right to change or revise its policies, procedures, and benefits at any time. 

7. Global Privacy Notice to the Workforce. You confirm that you have read and understood Unity s Data Privacy Policy attached as Attachment 2. 
 8. No Breach of Obligations to Prior Employers . We wish to impress upon you that we do not want you to, and we hereby direct you not to, bring with you any confidential or proprietary material of any former employer or to violate any other obligations you may have to any former employer. You represent that your signing of this offer letter, agreement(s) concerning restricted stock units or stock options granted to you, if any, under the Plan (as defined below) and the Company's Employee Nondisclosure, Assignment and Non-Solicitation Agreement and your commencement of employment with the Company will not violate any agreement currently in place between yourself and current or past employers. 
 9. Restricted Stock Units. You will be granted restricted stock units RSUs with a value of 11,250,000.00 USD based on the average value of the stock price for the sixty (60) days preceding and including the date of the Board approval of the grant Initial Grant ). The number of RSUs will ultimately be determined and approved at the discretion of the Board and the Board may exercise its discretion to alter the number of shares that are granted by either increasing or decreasing the number of RSUs. Settlement of the RSUs will be conditioned on the satisfaction of a single vesting requirement known as a Time-Based Requirement. For the Initial Grant, the Time-Based Requirement will be satisfied at the rate of 25 of the RSUs on the next quarterly installment date following the first anniversary of your Start Date and an additional 6.25 on a quarterly basis thereafter, so long as you remain employed by the Company. The Initial Grant of such RSUs by the Parent Company is subject to the Board s approval and this promise to recommend such approval is not a promise of compensation and is not intended to create any obligation on the part of the Parent Company. 
 10. Stock Options. In addition, you will be granted an option to purchase 3,750,000.00 USD worth of shares of the Company s Common Stock Options ). The number of Options will ultimately be determined and approved at the discretion of the Board and the Board may exercise its discretion to alter the number of Options. The Awards will be granted under, and subject to the terms and conditions of, the Company s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), as well as the terms and conditions to be set forth in any sub-plan to the Plan, equity award agreement (including any country appendix thereto) and notice of grant, which grant documents will be provided to you as soon as practicable after the date of grant. You will be required to sign or otherwise accept the grant documents in accordance with the Company s acceptance procedures, if your Awards are approved. 
 If the Options are approved, you will be given the opportunity to purchase shares of Company Common Stock at an exercise price set at the fair market value of the Company common stock, which will be the closing sales price on the date of the grant for a share of Common Stock as quoted on the New York Stock Exchange. The Options will vest at the rate of 25 on the first anniversary of your start date, and an additional 1 48 per month thereafter, so long as you remain employed by the Company group. 
 In the spirit of making sure there is no miscommunication, we re adding an extra sentence here to remind you that we make no promises with respect to the potential value or liquidity of our stock. Further details on the Plan and the terms and conditions of any specific grant to you will be provided upon approval of such grant by the Parent Company's Board of Directors. 
 11. Vesting Acceleration. You are eligible to participate in the G&A Executive Severance Plan Severance Plan ), which will be provided to you separately after your Start Date. If you accept the terms of the Severance Plan, notwithstanding the foregoing vesting schedules listed in the Stock Options, and Restricted Stock Units section above, you will be eligible for accelerated equity vesting under certain circumstances as set out in the Severance Plan. 

12. At Will Employment . While we look forward to a long relationship, should you decide to accept our offer, you will be an at-will employee of the Company, which means the employment relationship can be terminated by either of us for any reason, at any time, with or without prior notice and with or without cause. Any statements or representations to the contrary (and, indeed, any statements contradicting any provision in this letter) should be regarded by you as ineffective. Further, your participation in any stock plan or benefit program is not to be regarded as assuring you of continuing employment for any particular period of time. Any modification or change in your at will employment status may only occur by way of a written employment agreement signed by you and the Chief People Officer of the Company. 
 13. Authorization to Work . Please note that because of employer regulations adopted in the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, within three (3) business days of starting your new position you will need to present documentation demonstrating that you have authorization to work in the United States. If you have questions about this requirement, which applies to U.S. citizens and non-U.S. citizens alike, you may contact our personnel office. 
 14. Arbitration . You and the Company agree to submit to mandatory binding arbitration of any and all claims arising out of or related to your employment with the Company and the termination thereof, including, but not limited to, claims for unpaid wages, wrongful termination, torts, or other forms of compensation, and or discrimination (including harassment) based upon any federal, state or other ordinance, statute, regulation or constitutional provision, except that each party may, at its, his or her option, seek injunctive relief in court related to the improper use, disclosure or misappropriation of a party s proprietary, confidential or trade secret information. All arbitration hearings shall be conducted in San Francisco, California. THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHTS THEY MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY IN REGARD TO SUCH CLAIMS. The parties further agree that any arbitrable claims shall be resolved on an individual basis, and you agree to waive your right, to the extent allowed by applicable law, to consolidate any arbitrable claims with the claims of any other person in a class or collective action. This Agreement does not restrict your right to file administrative claims you may bring before any government agency where, as a matter of law, the parties may not restrict the employee s ability to file such claims (including, but not limited to, the National Labor Relations Board, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, disputes solely before government agencies, claims under applicable workers compensation law, and unemployment claims). However, the parties agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, arbitration shall be final and binding on the parties and shall be the exclusive remedy for the subject matter of such administrative claims. The arbitration shall be conducted through JAMS before a single neutral arbitrator, in accordance with the JAMS employment arbitration rules then in effect. The Company agrees to pay the fees and costs of the arbitrator. The JAMS rules may be found and reviewed at http www.jamsadr.com rules-employment-arbitration. If you are unable to access these rules, inform the Company s Human Resources Department and a hard copy will be provided to you. As in any arbitration, the burden of proof shall be allocated as provided by applicable law. The arbitrator shall issue a written decision that contains the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision is based. The arbitrator shall have the same authority as a court to award equitable relief, damages, costs, and fees (excluding the costs and fees of the arbitrator) as provided by law for the particular claims asserted. This arbitration clause shall be governed by and construed in all respects under the terms of the Federal Arbitration Act and the California Arbitration Act, including Cal. Civ. Proc. Code 1283.05. 
 15. Entire Agreement. This offer, once accepted, constitutes the entire agreement between you and the Company with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior offers, negotiations and agreements, if any, whether written or oral, relating to such subject matter. You acknowledge that neither the Company nor its agents have made any promise, representation or warranty whatsoever, either express or implied, written or oral, which is not contained in this agreement for the purpose of inducing you to execute the agreement, and you acknowledge that you have executed this agreement in reliance only upon such promises, representations and warranties as are contained herein. 
 16. Severability. If any term of this letter is held to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms herein will remain in full force and effect and will in no way be affected, and the parties will use their best efforts to find an alternative way to achieve the same result. 

17. Governing Law . The terms of this letter and the resolution of any dispute as to the meaning, effect, performance or validity of this letter or arising out of, related to, or in any way connected with this letter, your employment with the Company or any other relationship between you and the Company (a Dispute will be governed by the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws. To the extent not subject to arbitration as described in Section 10, you and the Company consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of, and venue in, the state courts in San Francisco County in the State of California (or in the event of exclusive federal jurisdiction, the courts of the Northern District of California in connection with any Dispute or any claim related to any Dispute). 
 18. Background Check . This offer is contingent upon the successful completion of background and reference checks. 
 19. Acceptance . This offer will remain open until November 11, 2022. If you decide to accept our offer, and I hope you will, please sign the enclosed copy of this letter in the space indicated and return it to me. Your signature will acknowledge that you have read and understood and agreed to the terms and conditions of this offer letter and the attached documents, if any. Should you have anything else that you wish to discuss, please do not hesitate to call me. 
 We look forward to the opportunity to welcome you to the Company. 
 Very truly yours, By 
 Scott Pitasky, Chief People Officer 
 I have read and understood this offer letter and hereby acknowledge, accept and agree to the terms as set forth above and further acknowledge that no other commitments were made to me as part of my employment offer except as specifically set forth herein. 
 
 November 4, 2022 Anirma Gupta Date 

Attachment 1 
 EMPLOYEE NONDISCLOSURE, ASSIGNMENT AND NON-SOLICITATION AGREEMENT 
 This Agreement sets forth in writing certain understandings and procedures in effect as of the date of my initial employment with Unity Technologies SF Company ). 
 1. Duties. In return for the compensation now and hereafter paid to me, I will perform such duties for Company as the Company may designate from time to time. During my employment with Company, I will devote my best efforts to the interests of Company, will not engage in other employment or in any conduct in direct conflict with Company s interests that would cause a material and substantial disruption to Company and will otherwise abide by all of Company s policies and procedures. Furthermore, I will not (a) reveal, disclose or otherwise make available to any unauthorized person any Company password or key, whether or not the password or key is assigned to me or (b) obtain, possess or use in any manner a Company password or key that is not assigned to me. I will use my best efforts to prevent the unauthorized use of any laptop or personal computer, peripheral device, software or related technical documentation that the Company issues to me, and I will not input, load or otherwise attempt any unauthorized use of software in any Company computer, whether or not such computer is assigned to me. 
 2. Proprietary Information Definition. Proprietary Information includes (a) any information that is confidential or proprietary, technical or non-technical information of Company, including for example and without limitation, information related to Company Innovations (as defined in Section 4 below), concepts, techniques, processes, methods, systems, designs, computer programs, source documentation, trade secrets, formulas, development or experimental work, work in progress, forecasts, proposed and future products, marketing plans, business plans, customers and suppliers and any other non-public information that has commercial value or (b) any information Company has received from others that Company is obligated to treat as confidential or proprietary, which may be made known to me by Company, a third party or otherwise that I may learn during my employment with Company. 
 3. Ownership and Nondisclosure of Proprietary Information. All Proprietary Information and all worldwide patents (including, but not limited to, any and all patent applications, patents, continuations, continuation-in-parts, reissues, divisionals, substitutions, and extensions), copyrights, mask works, trade secrets and other worldwide rights in and to the Proprietary Information are the property of Company, Company s assigns, Company s customers and Company s suppliers, as applicable. I will not disclose any Proprietary Information to anyone outside Company, and I will use and disclose Proprietary Information to those inside Company only as necessary to perform my duties as an employee of Company. If I have any questions as to whether information is Proprietary Information, or to whom, if anyone, inside Company, any Proprietary Information may be disclosed, I will ask my manager at Company 
 4. Innovations Definition. In this Agreement, Innovations means all discoveries, designs, developments, improvements, inventions (whether or not protectable under patent laws), works of authorship, information fixed in any tangible medium of expression (whether or not protectable under copyright laws), trade secrets, know-how, ideas (whether or not protectable under trade secret laws), mask works, trademarks, service marks, trade names and trade dress. 

5. Disclosure and License of Prior Innovations. I have listed on Exhibit A Prior Innovations attached hereto all Innovations relating in any way to Company s business or demonstrably anticipated research and development or business, which were conceived, reduced to practice, created, derived, developed, or made by me prior to my employment with Company (collectively, the Prior Innovations ). I represent that I have no rights in any such Company-related Innovations other than those Innovations listed in Exhibit A Prior Innovations ). If nothing is listed on Exhibit A Prior Innovations ), I represent that there are no Prior Innovations at the time of signing this Agreement. I hereby grant to Company and Company s designees a royalty-free, irrevocable, worldwide, fully paid-up license (with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicensees) to practice all patent, copyright, moral right, mask work, trade secret and other intellectual property rights relating to any Prior Innovations that I incorporate, or permit to be incorporated, in any Innovations that I, solely or jointly with others, conceive, develop or reduce to practice within the scope of my employment with Company (the Company Innovations ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, I will not incorporate, or permit to be incorporated, any Prior Innovations in any Company Innovations without Company s prior written consent. 
 6. Disclosure and Assignment of Company Innovations. I will promptly disclose and describe to Company all Company Innovations. I hereby do and will assign to Company or Company s designee all my right, title, and interest in and to any and all Company Innovations. To the extent any of the rights, title and interest in and to Company Innovations cannot be assigned by me to Company, I hereby grant to Company an exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, irrevocable, worldwide license (with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicensees) to practice such non-assignable rights, title and interest, including, but not limited to, the right to make, use, sell, offer for sale, import, have made, and have sold, such Company Innovations. To the extent any of the rights, title and interest in and to Company Innovations can neither be assigned nor licensed by me to Company, I hereby irrevocably waive and agree never to assert such non-assignable and non-licensable rights, title and interest against Company, any of Company s successors in interest, or any of Company s customers. This Section 6 shall not apply to any Innovations that (a) do not relate, at the time of conception, reduction to practice, creation, derivation, development or making of such Innovation to Company s business or actual or demonstrably anticipated research, development or business and (b) were developed entirely on my own time and (c) were developed without use of any of Company s equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information and (d) did not result from any work I performed for Company. 
 7. Future Innovations. I will disclose promptly in writing to Company all Innovations conceived, reduced to practice, created, derived, developed, or made by me within the scope of my employment with the Company and for three (3) months thereafter, whether or not I believe such Innovations are subject to this Agreement, to permit a determination by Company as to whether or not the Innovations should be considered Company Innovations. Company will receive any such information in confidence. 
 8. Notice of Nonassignable Innovations to Employees in California. This Agreement does not apply to an Innovation that qualifies fully as a nonassignable invention under the provisions of Section 2870 of the California Labor Code. I acknowledge that a condition for an Innovation to qualify fully as a non- assignable invention under the provisions of Section 2870 of the California Labor Code is that the invention must be protected under patent laws. I have reviewed the notification in Exhibit B Limited Exclusion Notification and agree that my signature acknowledges receipt of the notification. 

9. Cooperation in Perfecting Rights to Company Innovations. I agree to perform, during and after my employment, all acts that Company deems necessary or desirable to permit and assist Company, at its expense, in obtaining and enforcing the full benefits, enjoyment, rights and title throughout the world in the Company Innovations as provided to Company under this Agreement. If Company is unable for any reason to secure my signature to any document required to file, prosecute, register or memorialize the assignment of any rights or application or to enforce any right under any Company Innovations as provided under this Agreement, I hereby irrevocably designate and appoint Company and Company s duly authorized officers and agents as my agents and attorneys-in-fact to act for and on my behalf and instead of me to take all lawfully permitted acts to further the filing, prosecution, registration, memorialization of assignment, issuance, and enforcement of rights under such Innovations, all with the same legal force and effect as if executed by me. The foregoing is deemed a power coupled with an interest and is irrevocable. 
 10. Return of Materials. At any time upon Company s request, and when my employment with Company is over, I will return all materials (including, without limitation, documents, drawings, papers, diskettes and tapes) containing or disclosing any Proprietary Information (including all copies thereof), as well as any keys, pass cards, identification cards, computers, printers, pagers, personal digital assistants or similar items or devices that the Company has provided to me. I will provide Company with a written certification of my compliance with my obligations under this Section. 
 11. No Violation of Rights of Third Parties. During my employment with Company, I will not (a) breach any agreement to keep in confidence any confidential or proprietary information, knowledge or data acquired by me prior to my employment with Company or (b) disclose to Company, or use or induce Company to use, any confidential or proprietary information or material belonging to any previous employer or any other third party. I am not currently a party, and will not become a party, to any other agreement that is in conflict, or will prevent me from complying, with this Agreement. 
 12. Survival. This Agreement (a) shall survive my employment by Company (b) does not in any way restrict my right to resign or the right of Company to terminate my employment at any time, for any reason or for no reason (c) inures to the benefit of successors and assigns of Company and (d) is binding upon my heirs and legal representatives. 
 13. No Solicitation. During my employment with Company and for one (1) year thereafter, I will not solicit, encourage, or cause others to solicit or encourage any employees of Company to terminate their employment with Company. 
 14. Injunctive Relief. I agree that if I violate this Agreement, Company will suffer irreparable and continuing damage for which money damages are insufficient, and Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief and or a decree for specific performance, and such other relief as may be proper (including money damages if appropriate), to the extent permitted by law. 
 15. Notices. Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered as follows, with notice deemed given as indicated (a) by personal delivery, when actually delivered (b) by overnight courier, upon written verification of receipt (c) by facsimile transmission, upon acknowledgment of receipt of electronic transmission or (d) by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, upon verification of receipt. Notices to me shall be sent to any address in Company s records or such other address as I may provide in writing. Notices to Company shall be sent to Company s Human Resources Department or to such other address as Company may specify in writing. 

16. Governing Law Forum. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and by the laws of the State of California, as such laws are applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within California between California residents. Company and I each irrevocably consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in California, as applicable, for any matter arising out of or relating to this Agreement, except that in actions seeking to enforce any order or any judgment of such federal or state courts located in California, such personal jurisdiction shall be nonexclusive. Additionally, notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, a claim for equitable relief arising out of or related to this Agreement may be brought in any court of competent jurisdiction. 
 17. Severability. If an arbitrator or court of law holds any provision of this Agreement to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) that provision shall be deemed amended to provide Company the maximum protection permitted by applicable law and (b) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected. 
 18. Waiver Modification. If Company waives any term, provision or breach by me of this Agreement, such waiver shall not be effective unless it is in writing and signed by Company. No waiver shall constitute a waiver of any other or subsequent breach by me. This Agreement may be modified only if both Company and I consent in writing. 
 19. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including any agreement to arbitrate claims or disputes relating to my employment that I may have signed in connection with my employment by Company, represents my entire understanding with Company with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all previous understandings, written or oral. 

I certify and acknowledge that I have carefully read all of the provisions of this Agreement and that I understand and will fully and faithfully comply with such provisions. 
 COMPANY EMPLOYEE UNITY TECHNOLOGIES SF By Scott Pitasky, Chief People Officer Anirma Gupta 

November 4, 2022 November 4, 2022 

Exhibit A 
 (Prior Innovations) 
 If you have no such Prior Innovations 
 Please write None in the Box Below 
 OR 
 If you do have such Prior Innovations 
 Provide in the box below at a minimum a basic description of each of your claimed Prior Innovations sufficient to identify it, excluding those described in any issued patent as of the date of signing. 
 None 

Exhibit B 
 LIMITED EXCLUSION NOTIFICATION TO EMPLOYEES IN CALIFORNIA AND WASHINGTON 
 THIS IS TO NOTIFY you in accordance with California Labor Code Section 2872 and the Revised Code of Washington Section 49.44.140 that the foregoing Agreement between you and Company does not require you to assign or offer to assign to Company any invention that you developed entirely on your own time without using Company s equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information except for those inventions that either 
 (1) Relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to Company s business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of Company or 
 (2) Result from any work performed by you for Company. 
 To the extent a provision in the foregoing Agreement purports to require you to assign an invention otherwise excluded from the preceding Section, the provision is against the public policy of California or Washington, as applicable and is unenforceable. 
 This limited exclusion does not apply to any patent or invention covered by a contract between Company and the United States or any of its agencies requiring full title to such patent or invention to be in the United States. 

I ACKNOWLEDGE RECEIPT of a copy of this notification. 
 COMPANY EMPLOYEE UNITY TECHNOLOGIES SF By Scott Pitasky, Chief People Officer Anirma Gupta 
 
 November 4, 2022 November 4, 2022 

Contract Addendum - Sign-On Bonus Agreement 
 Between 
 Unity Technologies SF 
 30 3rd Street 
 San Francisco, CA 94103 
 And 
 Anirma Gupta 
 Intentionally Omitted 
 November 4, 2022 
 Dear Anirma, 
 On behalf of Unity Technologies SF Unity ), I am delighted to confirm that we will be providing you with a onetime discretionary sign-on bonus equivalent to USD 250,000.00, to be included in your first payroll following your Start Date (as defined in your employment agreement) with Unity. Any bonus payment made will be subject to all applicable taxes, withholdings, and deductions as required by local law. 
 The sign-on bonus is conditioned upon your continued employment with Unity through the one-year anniversary of your Start Date and is not earned until that anniversary date. 
 If you leave Unity for any reason (by resignation or Unity-initiated) prior to the one (1) year anniversary of your Start Date, you agree to reimburse Unity for the bonus on a prorated basis. You agree that any reimbursement of the sign-on bonus will be made within thirty (30) days of your termination date. 

To the extent allowable by local law, Unity may, at its discretion, deduct such reimbursement from any monies it owes you, including salary, wages, bonuses or severance pay after such amounts are deducted, you shall promptly pay to Unity any remaining amount owed. The full reimbursement must be made within thirty (30) calendar days of your last day of employment with Unity. 
 Any bonus provided by Unity shall be discretionary and shall not give rise to any future entitlements for bonus payments. 
 Please sign below to acknowledge and accept the terms of this agreement. 
 Kind regards, 
 
 __________________ 
 Scott Pitasky 
 Chief Human Resources Officer 
 Unity Technologies SF 
 
 I acknowledge and agree to the terms of the above sign-on bonus agreement 

_____________________ 
 Anirma Gupta 
 Employee 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-10.21>
 5
 ex-1021ironsourceshareince.htm
 EX-10.21

Document 

Exhibit 10.21 
 UNITY SOFTWARE INC. 
 IRONSOURCE SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED November 30, 2022 
 Unless otherwise defined, terms used herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in Section 2 hereof. 
 1. ESTABLISHMENT PURPOSE TYPES OF AWARDS CONSTRUCTION . 
 1.1. Establishment. This Unity Software Inc. ironSource Share Incentive Plan (the Plan constitutes an amendment, restatement, and renaming of the ironSource Ltd. ironSource 2021 Share Incentive Plan, which was assumed by Unity Software Inc. (the Company following its acquisition of ironSource and amended and restated by the Committee as of November 30, 2022. The Plan is established to utilize all unissued shares of ironSource common stock previously approved for issuance and available for grant under the ironSource Ltd. 2021 Share Incentive Plan as of the Effective Time (as adjusted for issuance under the Plan). 
 1.2. Purpose. The purpose of the Plan is to afford an incentive to Employees and Consultants to provide Continuous Service, to increase their efforts on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries or Affiliates and to promote the success of the Company s business, by providing such Employees and Consultants with opportunities to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company through the granting of Awards. 
 1.3. Types of Awards. This Plan is intended to enable the Company to issue Awards under various tax regimes, including 
 (I) pursuant and subject to the provisions of Section 102 of the Ordinance (or the corresponding provision of any subsequently enacted statute, as amended from time to time), and all regulations and interpretations adopted by any competent authority, including the Israel Tax Authority (the ITA ), including the income tax rules (tax benefits in stock issuance to employees) 5763-2003 or such other rules so adopted from time to time (the Rules (such Awards that are intended to be (as set forth in the Award Agreement) and which qualify as such under Section 102 of the Ordinance and the Rules, 102 Awards 
 (II) pursuant to Section 3(i) of the Ordinance or the corresponding provision of any subsequently enacted statute, as amended from time to time (such awards, 3(i) Awards and 
 (III) Options to be granted to Employees or Consultants who are deemed to be residents of the United States for purposes of taxation, or are otherwise subject to U.S. federal income tax. 
 In addition to the issuance of Awards under the relevant tax regimes in the United States of America and the State of Israel, and without derogating from the generality of Section 23, this Plan contemplates issuances to Grantees in other jurisdictions or under other tax regimes with respect to which the Committee is empowered, but is not required, to make the requisite adjustments in this Plan and set forth the relevant conditions in an appendix to this Plan or in the Company s agreement with the Grantee in order to comply with the requirements of such other tax regimes. 

1.4. Construction. To the extent any provision herein conflicts with the conditions of any relevant tax law, rule or regulation which is relied upon for tax relief in respect of a particular Award to a Grantee, the Committee is empowered, but is not required, hereunder to determine that the provisions of such law, rule or regulation shall prevail over those of this Plan and to interpret and enforce such prevailing provisions. With respect to 102 Awards, if and to the extent any action or the exercise or application of any provision hereof or authority granted hereby is conditioned or subject to obtaining a ruling or tax determination from the ITA, to the extent required by Applicable Law, then the taking of any such action or the exercise or application of such section or authority with respect to 102 Awards shall be conditioned upon obtaining such ruling or tax determination, and, if obtained, shall be subject to any condition set forth therein it being clarified that there is no obligation to apply for any such ruling or tax determination (which shall be in the sole discretion of the Committee) and no assurance is made that if applied any such ruling or tax determination will be obtained (or the conditions thereof). 
 2. DEFINITIONS. 
 2.1. Terms Generally. Except when otherwise indicated by the context, (i) the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include the singular (ii) any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms (iii) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth therein or herein), (iv) references to any law, constitution, statute, treaty, regulation, rule or ordinance, including any section or other part thereof shall refer to it as amended from time to time and shall include any successor thereof, (v) reference to a company or entity shall include a, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, association, trust, unincorporated organization, or a government or agency or political subdivision thereof, and reference to a person shall mean any of the foregoing or an individual, (vi) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Plan in its entirety, and not to any particular provision hereof, (vii) all references herein to Sections shall be construed to refer to Sections to this Plan (viii) the words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation and (ix) use of the term or is not intended to be exclusive. 
 2.2 Defined Terms. The following terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them in this Section 2 
 2.3 Affiliate shall mean, at the time of determination, any parent or subsidiary of the Company as such terms are defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act, including, without limitation, any Parent or Subsidiary, or Employer. 
 2.4 Applicable Law shall mean any applicable law, rule, regulation, statute, pronouncement, policy, interpretation, judgment, order or decree of any federal, provincial, state or local governmental, regulatory or adjudicative authority or agency, of any jurisdiction, and the rules and regulations of any stock exchange, over-the-counter market or trading system on which the Company s shares are then traded or listed. 
 2.5. Award shall mean any Option, Restricted Stock, RSUs, Shares or any other Stock-based award granted under this Plan. 
 2.6. Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a Grantee evidencing the terms and conditions of an Award. The Award Agreement generally consists of the Grant Notice and the agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the Award and which is provided to a Grantee along with the Grant Notice. 
 2.7. Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. 

2.8. Capitalization Adjustment shall mean any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Shares subject to the Plan or subject to any Award after the Effective Date without the receipt of consideration by the Company through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or any similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company will not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment. 
 2.9. Cause shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in any written agreement between a Grantee and the Company defining such term and, in the absence of such agreement, such term means, with respect to a Grantee, the occurrence of any of the following events (i) Grantee s theft, dishonesty, willful misconduct, breach of fiduciary duty for personal profit, or falsification of any Company or Subsidiary or Affiliate documents or records (ii) Grantee s material failure to abide by the Company s Code of Conduct or other policies (including, without limitation, policies relating to confidentiality and reasonable workplace conduct and policies of any Subsidiary or Affiliate, as applicable) (iii) Grantee s unauthorized use, misappropriation, destruction or diversion of any tangible or intangible asset or corporate opportunity of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (including, without limitation, Grantee s improper use or disclosure of Company or Subsidiary or Affiliate confidential or proprietary information) (iv) any intentional act by Grantee which has a material detrimental effect on the Company s or its Subsidiary s or Affiliate s reputation or business (v) Grantee s repeated failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned duties after written notice from the Company (or its Subsidiary or Affiliate, as applicable) of, and a reasonable opportunity to cure, such failure or inability (vi) any material breach by Grantee of any employment or service agreement between Grantee and the Company (or its Subsidiary or Affiliate, as applicable), which breach is not cured pursuant to the terms of such agreement or (vii) Grantee s conviction (including any plea of guilty or nolo contendere of any criminal act involving fraud, dishonesty, misappropriation or moral turpitude, or which impairs Grantee s ability to perform his or her duties with the Company (or its Subsidiary or Affiliate, as applicable). The determination that a termination of Grantee s Continuous Service is either for Cause or without Cause will be made by the Board with respect to Grantees who are executive officers of the Company and by the Company s Chief Executive Officer with respect to Grantees who are not executive officers of the Company. Any determination by the Company that the Continuous Service of a Grantee was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Awards held by such Grantee will have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or such Grantee for any other purpose. 
 2.10. Code shall mean the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and any applicable regulations promulgated thereunder, all as amended. 
 2.11. Committee shall mean the Human Capital and Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 2.12. Common Stock shall mean the common stock of the Company. 
 2.13. Companies Law shall mean the Israel Companies Law, 5759-1999, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, all as amended from time to time. 
 2.14. Consultant means any person, including an advisor, who (i) was not employed by or otherwise providing services to the Company or any Affiliate (other than ironSource or its subsidiaries acquired by the Company under the Merger Agreement) at or immediately prior to the Effective Time and (ii) is engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and is compensated for such services. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person is treated as a Consultant under this Plan only if a Form S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities Act is available to register either the offer or the sale of the Company s securities to such person. 

2.15. Continuous Service shall mean that the Grantee s service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated, but also including where an Employee or Consultant has a change in status and provides service as a Director. Without limiting the foregoing, a change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee or Consultant or a change in the Entity for which the Grantee renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, will not terminate a Grantee s Continuous Service provided, however, that if the Entity for which a Grantee is rendering services ceases to qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board, such Grantee s Continuous Service will be considered to have terminated on the date such Entity ceases to qualify as an Affiliate. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Board or the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, in that party s sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service will be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Board or Chief Executive Officer, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave, or (ii) transfers between the Company, an Affiliate, or their successors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a leave of absence will be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in an Award only to such extent as may be provided in the Company s leave of absence policy, in the written terms of any leave of absence agreement or policy applicable to the Grantee, or as otherwise required by Applicable Law. In addition, to the extent required for exemption from or compliance with Section 409A, the determination of whether there has been a termination of Continuous Service will be made, and such term will be construed, in a manner that is consistent with the definition of separation from service as defined under U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder). 
 2.16. Controlling Shareholder shall have the meaning set forth in Section 32(9) of the Ordinance. 
 2.17. Corporate Transaction shall mean the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events 
 2.17(a). a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board, of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries 
 2.17(b). a sale or other disposition of at least 50 of the outstanding securities of the Company 
 2.17(c) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is not the surviving corporation or 
 2.17(d) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the Shares outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise. 
 2.18. Director means a member of the Board. 
 2.19. Disability shall mean, with respect to a Grantee, such Grantee is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, as provided in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, and will be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances. 
 2.20. Effective Time shall mean the time the Certificate of Merger (as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement) is filed with the Registrar of Companies of the State of Israel or such later time as may be mutually agreed to in writing by the Company and ironSource and specified in the Certificate of Merger. 
 2.21. Employee shall mean any person who (i) was not employed by or otherwise providing services to the Company or any Affiliate (other than ironSource or its subsidiaries acquired by the Company under the Merger Agreement) at or immediately prior to the Effective Time and (ii) is employed by the Company or an Affiliate provided, however, that service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services, will not cause a Director to be considered an Employee for purposes of the Plan. 

2.22. Employer means, for purpose of a 102 Trustee Award, the Company or an Affiliate, Subsidiary or Parent thereof, which is an employing company within the meaning and subject to the conditions of Section 102(a) of the Ordinance. 
 2.23. Entity shall mean a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity. 
 2.24. Exchange Act shall mean the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 2.25. Exercise Period shall mean the period, commencing on the date of grant of an Award, during which an Award shall be exercisable, subject to any vesting provisions thereof (including any acceleration thereof, if any) and subject to the termination provisions hereof. 
 2.26. Exercise Price shall mean the exercise price for each Share covered by an Option or the purchase price for each Share covered by any other Award. 
 2.27. Fair Market Value shall mean, as of any date, unless otherwise determined by the Board, the value of the Common Stock (as determined on a per share or aggregate basis, as applicable) determined as follows (i) if the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or traded on any established market, the Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such stock as quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading in the Common Stock) on the date of determination, as reported in a source the Board deems reliable (ii) if there is no closing sales price for the Common Stock on the date of determination, then the Fair Market Value will be the closing selling price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists and (iii) in the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, or if otherwise determined by the Board, the Fair Market Value will be determined by the Board in good faith and in a manner that complies with Sections 409A and 422 of the Code. 
 2.28. Grantee shall mean a person who has been granted an Award(s) under this Plan. 
 2.29. Grant Notice shall mean the notice provided to a Grantee that he or she has been granted an Award under the Plan and which includes the name of the Grantee, the type of Award, the date of grant of the Award, number of Shares subject to the Award or potential cash payment right, (if any), the vesting schedule for the Award (if any) and other key terms applicable to the Award. 
 2.30. Materially Impair shall mean any amendment to the terms of the Award that materially adversely affects the Grantee s rights under the Award. A Grantee s rights under an Award will not be deemed to have been Materially Impaired by any such amendment if the Board, in its sole discretion, determines that the amendment, taken as a whole, does not materially impair the Grantee s rights. For example, the following types of amendments to the terms of an Award do not Materially Impair the Grantee s rights under the Award (i) imposition of reasonable restrictions on the minimum number of shares subject to an Option that may be exercised, (ii) to clarify the manner of exemption from, or to bring the Award into compliance with or qualify it for an exemption from, Section 409A or (iii) to comply with other Applicable Laws. 
 2.31. Merger Agreement shall mean the Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among the Company, ironSource, and Ursa Aroma Merger Subsidiary Ltd. dated as of July 13, 2022. 
 2.32. Officer means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 2.33. Option shall mean an option to purchase Shares granted pursuant to the Plan which does not qualify as an incentive stock option under the Code. 
 2.34. Ordinance shall mean the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance (New Version) 1961, and the regulations and rules (including the Rules) promulgated thereunder, all as amended from time to time. 

2.35. Parent shall mean any company (other than the Company), which now exists or is hereafter organized, in an unbroken chain of companies ending with the Company if, at the time of granting an Award, each of the companies (other than the Company) owns stock possessing fifty percent (50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other companies in such chain. 
 2.36. Performance Criteria shall mean the one or more criteria that the Board will select for purposes of establishing the Performance Goals for a Performance Period. The Performance Criteria that will be used to establish such Performance Goals may be based on any one of, or combination of, the following as determined by the Board earnings (including earnings per share and net earnings) earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization total stockholder return return on equity or average stockholder s equity return on assets, investment, or capital employed stock price margin (including gross margin) income (before or after taxes) operating income measures operating income after taxes pre-tax profit operating cash flow sales or revenue targets increases in revenue or product revenue expenses and cost reduction goals improvement in or attainment of working capital levels economic value added (or an equivalent metric) market share cash flow cash flow per share share price performance debt reduction bookings measures customer satisfaction stockholders equity capital expenditures debt levels operating profit or net operating profit workforce diversity growth of net income or operating income billings financing regulatory milestones stockholder liquidity corporate governance and compliance intellectual property personnel matters progress of internal research progress of partnered programs partner satisfaction budget management partner or collaborator achievements internal controls, including those related to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 investor relations, analysts and communication implementation or completion of projects or processes employee retention number of users, including unique users strategic partnerships or transactions (including in-licensing and out-licensing of intellectual property) establishing relationships with respect to the marketing, distribution and sale of the Company s products supply chain achievements co-development, co-marketing, profit sharing, joint venture or other similar arrangements individual performance goals corporate development and planning goals and other measures of performance selected by the Board or Committee. 

2.37. Performance Goals shall mean, for a Performance Period, the one or more goals established by the Board for the Performance Period based upon the Performance Criteria. Performance Goals may be based on a Company-wide basis, with respect to one or more business units, divisions, Affiliates, or business segments, and in either absolute terms or relative to the performance of one or more comparable companies or the performance of one or more relevant indices. Unless specified otherwise by the Board (i) in the Award Agreement at the time the Award is granted or (ii) in such other document setting forth the Performance Goals at the time the Performance Goals are established, the Board will appropriately make adjustments in the method of calculating the attainment of Performance Goals for a Performance Period as follows (1) to exclude restructuring and or other nonrecurring charges (2) to exclude exchange rate effects (3) to exclude the effects of changes to generally accepted accounting principles (4) to exclude the effects of any statutory adjustments to corporate tax rates (5) to exclude the effects of items that are unusual in nature or occur infrequently as determined under generally accepted accounting principles (6) to exclude the dilutive effects of acquisitions or joint ventures (7) to assume that any business divested by the Company achieved performance objectives at targeted levels during the balance of a Performance Period following such divestiture (8) to exclude the effect of any change in the outstanding Shares by reason of any stock dividend or split, stock repurchase, reorganization, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination or exchange of shares or other similar corporate change, or any distributions to common stockholders other than regular cash dividends (9) to exclude the effects of stock based compensation and the award of bonuses under the Company s bonus plans (10) to exclude costs incurred in connection with potential acquisitions or divestitures that are required to be expensed under generally accepted accounting principles and (11) to exclude the goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges that are required to be recorded under generally accepted accounting principles. In addition, the Board retains the discretion to reduce or eliminate the compensation or economic benefit due upon attainment of Performance Goals and to define the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for such Performance Period. Partial achievement of the specified criteria may result in the payment or vesting corresponding to the degree of achievement as specified in the Award Agreement or the written terms of a Performance Cash Award. 
 2.38. Performance Period shall mean the period of time selected by the Board over which the attainment of one or more Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose of determining a Grantee s right to vesting or exercise of an Award. Performance Periods may be of varying and overlapping duration, at the sole discretion of the Board. 
 2.39. Plan Administrator shall mean the person, persons, and or third-party administrator designated by the Company to administer the day to day operations of the Plan and the Company s other equity incentive programs. 
 2.40. Post-Termination Exercise Period shall mean the period following termination of a Grantee s Continuous Service within which an Option or stock appreciation right is exercisable. 
 2.41. Rule 16b-3 shall mean Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect from time to time. 
 2.42. Section 409A shall mean Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and other guidance thereunder. 
 2.43. Securities Act shall mean the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, all as amended from time to time. 
 2.44. Shares shall mean the shares of Common Stock. 
 2.45. Subsidiary shall mean any company (other than the Company), which now exists or is hereafter organized or acquired by the Company in an unbroken chain of companies beginning with the Company if, at the time of granting an Award, each of the companies other than the last company in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing fifty percent (50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other companies in such chain. 

2.46. tax(es) shall mean (a) all federal, state, local or foreign taxes, charges, fees, imposts, levies or other assessments, including all income, capital gains, alternative or add-on minimum, transfer, value added tax, real and personal property, withholding, payroll, employment, escheat, social security, disability, national security, health tax, wealth surtax, stamp, registration and estimated taxes, customs duties, fees, assessments and charges of any similar kind whatsoever (including under Section 280G or 409A of the Code) or other tax of any kind whatsoever, (b) all interest, indexation differentials, penalties, fines, additions to tax or additional amounts imposed by any taxing authority in connection with any item described in clause (a), (c) any transferee or successor liability in respect of any items described in clauses (a) or (b) payable by reason of contract, assumption, transferee liability, successor liability, operation of Applicable Law, or as a result of any express or implied obligation to assume taxes or to indemnify any other person, and (d) any liability for the payment of any amounts of the type described in clause (a) or (b) payable as a result of being a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined, unitary or aggregate or other group for any taxable period, including under U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6(a) (or any predecessor or successor thereof of any analogous or similar provision under Applicable Law) or otherwise. 
 2.47. Trustee shall mean the trustee appointed by the Committee to hold the Awards (and, in relation with 102 Trustee Awards, approved by the ITA), if so appointed. 
 2.48. Other Defined Terms. The following terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Sections set forth below 
 Term Section 102 Awards 1.3(i) 102 Capital Gain Track Awards 8.1 102 Non-Trustee Awards 8.2 102 Ordinary Income Track Awards 8.1 102 Trustee Awards 8.1 3(i) Awards 1.3(ii) Company 1.1 Effective Date 22.1 Election 8.2 Eligible 102 Grantees 8.3 ironSource 1.1 ITA 1.3(i) Plan 1.1 Pool 5.1 Prior Plan(s) 5.3 Required Holding Period 8.5 Restricted Period 10.2 Rules 1.3(i) Withholding Obligations 16.5 

3. ADMINISTRATION. 
 3.1. To the extent permitted under Applicable Law and any governing document of the Company, this Plan shall be administered by the Committee. In the event that the Board does not appoint or establish a committee to administer this Plan, this Plan shall be administered by the Board, and, accordingly, any and all references herein to the Committee shall be construed as references to the Board. In the event that an action necessary for the administration of this Plan is required under Applicable Law to be taken by the Board without the right of delegation, or if such action or power was explicitly reserved by the Board in appointing, establishing and empowering the Committee, then such action shall be so taken by the Board. In any such event, all references herein to the Committee shall be construed as references to the Board. Even if such a Committee was appointed or established, the Board may take any actions that are stated to be vested in the Committee, and shall not be restricted or limited from exercising all rights, powers and authorities under this Plan or Applicable Law. 
 3.2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Plan, any mandatory provisions of Applicable Law and any provisions of any Company policy required under mandatory provisions of Applicable Law, and in addition to the Committee s powers contained elsewhere in this Plan, the Committee shall have full authority, in its discretion, from time to time and at any time, to determine any of the following, or to recommend to the Board any of the following if it is not authorized to take such action according to Applicable Law 
 (I) eligible Grantees, 
 (II) grants of Awards and setting the terms and provisions of Award Agreements (which need not be identical) and any other agreements or instruments under which Awards are made, including the number of Shares underlying each Award and the class of shares underlying each award (if more than one class was designated by the board), 
 (III) the time or times at which Awards shall be granted, 
 (IV) the terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to each Award (which need not be identical) and any Shares acquired upon the exercise or (if applicable) vesting thereof, including (1) designating awards under section 1.3 (2) the vesting schedule and terms and conditions upon which Awards may be exercised or become vested, (3) the Exercise Price, (4) the method of payment for Shares purchased upon the exercise or (if applicable) vesting of the Awards, (5) the method for satisfaction of any Withholding Obligations, including by the withholding or delivery of Shares, (6) the time of the expiration of the Awards, (7) the effect of termination of the Grantee s Continuous Service, and (8) all other terms, conditions and restrictions applicable to the Award or the Shares not inconsistent with the terms of this Plan, 
 (V) the interpretation of this Plan and any Award Agreement and the meaning, interpretation and applicability of terms referred to in Applicable Law, 
 (VI) policies, guidelines, rules and regulations relating to and for carrying out this Plan, and any amendment, supplement or rescission thereof, as it may deem appropriate, 
 (VII) to adopt supplements to, or alternative versions of, this Plan, including, without limitation, as it deems necessary or desirable to comply with the laws of, or to accommodate the tax regime or custom of, non-U.S. jurisdictions whose citizens or residents may be granted Awards, 
 (VIII) the Fair Market Value of the Shares or other securities, property or rights, 
 (IX) the tax track (capital gains, ordinary income track or any other track available under Section 102 of the Ordinance) for the purpose of 102 Awards, 
 (X) the authorization and approval of conversion, substitution, cancellation or suspension under and in accordance with this Plan of any or all Awards or Shares, 

(XI) the amendment, modification, waiver or supplement of the terms of each outstanding Award (with the consent of the applicable Grantee, if such amendments increase the Exercise Price of Awards, reduce the number of Shares underlying an Award, or otherwise Materially Impair the rights of a Grantee (but, in each case, other than as a result of an adjustment or exercise of rights in accordance with Section 13)) unless otherwise provided under the terms of this Plan, 
 (XII) without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject to the provisions of Applicable Law, to grant to a Grantee, who is the holder of an outstanding Award, in exchange for the cancellation of such Award, a new award having an Exercise Price lower than that provided in the Award so cancelled and containing such other terms and conditions as the Committee may prescribe in accordance with the provisions of this Plan or to set a new Exercise Price for the same Award lower than that previously provided in the Award. 
 (XIII) to correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in this Plan or any Award Agreement and all other determinations and take such other actions with respect to this Plan or any Award as it may deem advisable to the extent not inconsistent with the provisions of this Plan or Applicable Law, and 
 (XIV) any other matter which is necessary or desirable for, or incidental to, the administration of this Plan and any Award thereunder. 
 3.3 The authority granted hereunder includes the authority to modify Awards and to determine the meaning, interpretation and applicability of terms referred to herein and in any Award Agreement with respect to eligible individuals who are foreign nationals or are individuals who are employed outside Israel to recognize differences in local law, tax policy or custom, in order to effectuate the purposes of this Plan but without amending this Plan. 
 3.4. The Board and the Committee shall be free at all times to make such determinations and take such actions as they deem fit. The Board and the Committee need not take the same action or determination with respect to all Awards, with respect to certain types of Awards, with respect to all Employees and Consultants or any certain types of Employees and Consultants and actions and determinations may differ as among the Grantees, and as between the Grantees and any other holders of securities of the Company. 
 3.5. All decisions, determinations, and interpretations of the Committee, the Board and the Company under this Plan shall be final and binding on all Grantees (whether before or after the issuance of Shares pursuant to Awards), unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Board or the Company, respectively. The Committee shall have the authority (but not the obligation) to determine the interpretation and applicability of Applicable Law to any Grantee or any Awards. No member of the Committee or the Board shall be liable to any Grantee for any action taken or determination made in good faith with respect to this Plan or any Award granted hereunder. 
 3.6. The Board or any Committee may delegate to one or more Officers the authority to do one or both of the following (i) designate Employees who are not Officers to be recipients of Options (and, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, other types of Awards) and, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the terms thereof, and (ii) determine the number of Shares to be subject to such Awards granted to such Employees provided, however, that the resolutions or charter adopted by the Board or any Committee evidencing such delegation will specify the total number of Shares that may be subject to the Awards granted by such Officer and that such Officer may not grant an Award to himself or herself. Any such Awards will be granted on the applicable form of Award Agreement most recently approved for use by the Board or the Committee, unless otherwise provided in the resolutions approving the delegation authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, neither the Board nor any Committee may delegate to an Officer who is acting solely in the capacity of an Officer (and not also as a Director) the authority to determine the Fair Market Value. 

4. ELIGIBILITY. 
 Subject to the terms of the Plan, Employees and Consultants are eligible to receive Awards. A person who has been granted an Award hereunder may be granted additional Awards, if the Committee shall so determine, subject to the limitations herein. However, eligibility in accordance with this Section 4 shall not entitle any person to be granted an Award, or, having been granted an Award, to be granted an additional Award. 
 Awards may differ in number of Shares covered thereby, the terms and conditions applying to them or on the Grantees or in any other respect (including, that there should not be any expectation (and it is hereby disclaimed) that a certain treatment, interpretation or position granted to one shall be applied to the other, regardless of whether or not the facts or circumstances are the same or similar). 
 5. SHARES. 
 5.1. The maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be issued pursuant to Awards under this Plan (the Pool shall be the sum of (a) 1,361,808, plus (b) on January 1 of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2023 and ending on and including January 1, 2030, a number of Shares equal to the lesser of (i) 5 of the total number of ordinary shares of ironSource outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (as multiplied by the Exchange Ratio defined under the Merger Agreement), and (ii) an amount determined by the Board, if so determined prior to the January 1 of the calendar year in which the increase will occur in all events subject to adjustment as provided in Section 13.1 provided, however, that subsection (b) of this Section 5.1 shall apply only to the extent permitted under Rule 303A.08 of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual and applicable guidance thereunder and shall be deemed modified as needed to comport with such listing rule and guidance. 
 5.2. The Board may, at its discretion, reduce the number of Shares that may be issued pursuant to Awards under this Plan, at any time (provided that such reduction does not derogate from any issuance of Shares in respect Awards then outstanding). 
 5.3. Any Shares (a) underlying an Award granted hereunder or an award granted under the ironSource 2013 Share Incentive Plan (the Prior Plan that has expired, or was cancelled, terminated, forfeited or settled in cash in lieu of issuance of Shares, for any reason, without having been exercised (including any Shares reserved but unallocated under the Prior Plan) (b) if permitted by the Company, tendered to pay the Exercise Price of an Award (or the exercise price or other purchase price of any option or other award under the Prior Plan), or withholding tax obligations with respect to an Award (or any awards under the Prior Plan) or (c) if permitted by the Company, subject to an Award (or any award under the Prior Plan) that are not delivered to a Grantee because such Shares are withheld to pay the Exercise Price of such Award (or of any award under the Prior Plan), or withholding tax obligations with respect to such Award (or such other award) shall automatically, and without any further action on the part of the Company or any Grantee, again be available for grant of Awards and Shares issued upon exercise of (if applicable) vesting thereof for the purposes of this Plan (unless this Plan shall have been terminated) or unless the Board determines otherwise. Such Shares may be, in whole or in part, authorized but unissued Shares, (and, subject to obtaining a ruling as it applies to 102 Awards) treasury shares (dormant shares) or Shares otherwise that shall have been or may be repurchased by the Company (to the extent permitted pursuant to Applicable Law). 
 5.4. Any Shares under the Pool that are not subject to outstanding or exercised Awards at the termination of this Plan shall cease to be reserved for the purpose of this Plan. 

6. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF AWARDS. 
 Each Award granted pursuant to this Plan shall be evidenced by a written or electronic Award Agreement, in substantially such form or forms and containing such terms and conditions, as the Committee shall from time to time approve. The Award Agreement shall comply with and be subject to the following general terms and conditions and the provisions of this plan (except for any provisions applying to Awards under different tax regimes), unless otherwise specifically provided in such Award Agreement, or the terms referred to in other sections of this Plan applying to Awards under such applicable tax regimes, or terms prescribed by Applicable Law. Award Agreements need not be in the same form and may differ in the terms and conditions included therein. 
 6.1. Number of Shares. Each Award Agreement shall state the number of Shares covered by the Award. 
 6.2. Type of Award. Each Award Agreement may state the type of Award granted thereunder, provided that the tax treatment of any Award, whether or not stated in the Award Agreement, shall be as determined in accordance with Applicable Law. 
 6.3. Exercise Price. Each Award Agreement shall state the Exercise Price, if applicable. Subject to Section 7.2, the Committee may reduce the Exercise Price of any outstanding Award, on terms and subject to such conditions as it deems advisable. The Exercise Price shall also be subject to adjustment as provided in Section 13 hereof. The Exercise Price of any outstanding Award granted to a Grantee who is subject to U.S. federal income tax shall be determined in accordance with Section 409A. 
 6.4. Manner of Exercise. 
 (a) An Award may be exercised, as to any or all Shares as to which the Award has become exercisable, by written notice delivered in person or by mail (or such other methods of delivery prescribed by the Company) to such person as determined by the Committee, or in any other manner as the Committee shall prescribe from time to time, specifying the number of Shares with respect to which the Award is being exercised (which may be equal to or lower than the aggregate number of Shares that have become exercisable at such time, subject to the last sentence of this Section), accompanied by payment of the aggregate Exercise Price for such Shares in the manner specified in the following sentence. The Exercise Price shall be paid in full with respect to each Share, at the time of exercise, either (i) in cash, (ii) by the delivery (on a form prescribed by the Company) of an irrevocable direction to a securities broker approved by the Company to sell Shares and to deliver all or part of the sales proceeds to the Company or the Trustee, (iii) via the Cashless Exercise Mechanism as described in Section 6.4(b) below, or (iv) in such other manner as the Committee shall determine, which may include procedures for cashless exercise. The application of cashless exercise with respect to any 102 Awards shall be subject to obtaining a ruling from the ITA, to the extent required by Applicable Law. 
 (b) Upon the approval of the Committee, Options may, if the Fair Market Value per Share then exceeds the Exercise Price thereof, be exercised using a cashless exercise mechanism to pay the Exercise Price and the number of the Shares to be issued by the Company shall be calculated pursuant to the following formula (the Cashless Exercise Mechanism 
 X Y (A - B) 
 A 
 Where 
 X the number of Shares to be issued to the Grantee. 
 Y the number of Shares, as adjusted to the date of such calculation, underlying the number of Options being exercised. 
 A the Fair Market Value of one Share at the exercise date. B the exercise price of each Option. 

6.5. Term and Vesting of Awards. 
 (a) Each Award Agreement shall provide the vesting schedule for the Award as determined by the Committee. The Committee shall have the authority to determine the vesting schedule of any outstanding Award at such time and under such circumstances as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate, but no later than the date of grant of such Award. 
 (b) The Award Agreement may contain Performance Goals (which, in case of 102 Trustee Awards, may, if then required, be subject to obtaining a specific tax ruling or determination from the ITA), and the provisions with respect to any Award need not be the same as the provisions with respect to any other Award. 
 (c) The Exercise Period of an Award will be ten (10) years from the date of grant of the Award, unless otherwise determined by the Committee and stated in the Award Agreement, but subject to the vesting provisions described above and the early termination provisions set forth in Sections 6.6 and 6.7 hereof. At the expiration of the Exercise Period, any Award, or any part thereof, that has not been exercised within the term of the Award and the Shares covered thereby not paid for in accordance with this Plan and the Award Agreement shall terminate and become null and void, and all interests and rights of the Grantee in and to the same shall expire. 
 6.6. Termination. 
 (a) Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, and subject to Section 6.7 hereof, an Award may not be exercised unless the Grantee is then providing Continuous Service. 
 (b) Except as explicitly otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company or determined by the Committee, in the event that the Continuous Service of a Grantee shall terminate (other than by reason of death or Disability), all Awards of such Grantee that are unvested at the time of such termination shall terminate on the date of such termination, and all Awards of such Grantee that are vested and exercisable at the time of such termination may be exercised within up to three (3) months after the date of such termination (or such different period as the Committee shall prescribe), but in any event no later than the date of expiration of the Award s term as set forth in the Award Agreement or pursuant to this Plan provided, however, that if the Company (or the Subsidiary or Affiliate, when applicable) shall terminate the Grantee s Continuous Service for Cause, all Awards theretofore granted to such Grantee (whether vested or not) shall terminate. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Committee, in its absolute discretion, may, on such terms and conditions as it may determine appropriate, extend the periods for which Awards held by any Grantee may continue to vest and be exercisable it being clarified that such Awards may lose their entitlement to certain tax benefits under Applicable Law as a result of the modification of such Awards. 
 (d) For purposes of this Plan, an entity or an Affiliate thereof assuming an Award or issuing in substitution thereof in a transaction to which Section 424(a) of the Code applies or in a Corporate Transaction in accordance with Section 13 shall be deemed as an Affiliate of the Company for purposes of this Section 6.6, unless the Committee determines otherwise. 

6.7. Death or Disability of Grantee. Except as explicitly otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company, if a Grantee shall die while employed by, or performing service for, the Company or its Affiliates, or within the three (3) month period (or such longer period of time as determined by the Committee, in its discretion) after the date of termination of such Grantee s Continuous Service (or within such different period as the Committee may have provided pursuant to Section 6.6 hereof), or if the Grantee s Continuous Service shall terminate by reason of Disability, all Awards theretofore granted to such Grantee may (to the extent otherwise vested and exercisable and unless earlier terminated in accordance with their terms) be exercised by the Grantee or by the Grantee s estate or by a person who acquired the legal right to exercise such Awards by bequest or inheritance, or by a person who acquired the legal right to exercise such Awards in accordance with applicable law in the case of Disability of the Grantee, as the case may be, at any time within twelve (12) months (or such longer period of time as determined by the Committee, in its discretion) after the death or Disability of the Grantee (or such different period as the Committee shall prescribe), but in any event no later than the date of expiration of the Award s term as set forth in the Award Agreement or pursuant to this Plan. In the event that an Award granted hereunder shall be exercised as set forth above by any person other than the Grantee, written notice of such exercise shall be accompanied by a certified copy of letters testamentary or proof satisfactory to the Committee of the right of such person to exercise such Award. 
 6.8. Securities Law Restrictions. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Grantee and the Company, if the exercise of an Award following the termination of the Grantee s Continuous Service (other than for Cause) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of Shares would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act or equivalent requirements under equivalent laws of other applicable jurisdictions, then the Award shall remain exercisable and terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a period of three (3) months (or such longer period of time as determined by the Committee, in its discretion) after the termination of the Grantee s Continuous Service during which the exercise of the Award would not be in such violation, or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Award as set forth in the Award Agreement or pursuant to this Plan. In addition, unless otherwise provided in a Grantee s Award Agreement, if the sale of any Shares received upon exercise or (if applicable) vesting of an Award following the termination of the Grantee s Continuous Service (other than for Cause) would violate the Company s insider trading policy, then the Award shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a period equal to the applicable post-termination exercise period after the termination of the Grantee s Continuous Service during which the exercise of the Award would not be in violation of the Company s insider trading policy, or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Award as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement or pursuant to this Plan. 
 6.9. Other Provisions. The Award Agreement evidencing Awards under this Plan shall contain such other terms and conditions not inconsistent with this Plan as the Committee may determine, at or after the date of grant, including provisions in connection with the restrictions on transferring the Awards or Shares covered by such Awards, which shall be binding upon the Grantees and any purchaser, assignee or transferee of any Awards, and other terms and conditions as the Committee shall deem appropriate. 
 7. STOCK OPTIONS. 
 Awards granted pursuant to this Section 7 are intended to constitute nonqualified Options for U.S. federal tax purposes and shall be subject to the general terms and conditions specified in Section 6 hereof and other provisions of this Plan, except for any provisions of this Plan applying to Awards under different tax laws or regulations. In the event of any inconsistency or contradictions between the provisions of this Section 7 and the other terms of this Plan, this Section 7 shall prevail. 
 7.1. Certain Limitations on Eligibility for Options. Options may not be granted to an Employee or Consultant who is deemed to be a resident of the United States for purposes of taxation or who is otherwise subject to United States federal income tax unless the Shares underlying such Options constitute service recipient stock under Section 409A or unless such Options comply with the payment requirements of Section 409A. 

7.2. Exercise Price. The Exercise Price of an Option shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant of such Option unless the Committee specifically indicates that the Awards will have a lower Exercise Price and the Award complies with Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option may be granted with an exercise price lower than the minimum exercise price set forth above if such Award is granted pursuant to an assumption or substitution for another option in a manner qualifying under the provisions of that complies with Section 424(a) of the Code or 1.409A-1(b)(5)(v)(D) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations or any successor guidance. 
 8. 102 AWARDS. 
 Awards granted pursuant to this Section 8 are intended to constitute 102 Awards and shall be granted subject to the following special terms and conditions, the general terms and conditions specified in Section 6 hereof and other provisions of this Plan, except for any provisions of this Plan applying to Awards under different tax laws or regulations. In the event of any inconsistency or contradictions between the provisions of this Section 8 and the other terms of this Plan, this Section 8 shall prevail. 
 8.1. Tracks. Awards granted pursuant to this Section 8 are intended to be granted pursuant to Section 102 of the Ordinance pursuant to either (i) Section 102(b)(2) or (3) thereof (as applicable), under the capital gain track 102 Capital Gain Track Awards ), or (ii) Section 102(b)(1) thereof under the ordinary income track 102 Ordinary Income Track Awards , and together with 102 Capital Gain Track Awards, 102 Trustee Awards ). 102 Trustee Awards shall be granted subject to the special terms and conditions contained in this Section 8, the general terms and conditions specified in Section 6 hereof and other provisions of this Plan, except for any provisions of this Plan applying to Options under different tax laws or regulations. 
 8.2. Election of Track. Subject to Applicable Law, the Company may grant only one type of 102 Trustee Awards at any given time to all Grantees who are to be granted 102 Trustee Awards pursuant to this Plan, and shall file an election with the ITA regarding the type of 102 Trustee Awards it elects to grant before the date of grant of any 102 Trustee Awards (the Election ). Such Election shall also apply to any other securities, including bonus shares, received by any Grantee as a result of holding the 102 Trustee Awards. The Company may change the type of 102 Trustee Awards that it elects to grant only after the expiration of at least 12 months from the end of the year in which the first grant was made in accordance with the previous Election, or as otherwise provided by Applicable Law. Any Election shall not prevent the Company from granting Awards, pursuant to Section 102(c) of the Ordinance without a Trustee 102 Non-Trustee Awards ). 
 8.3. Eligibility for Awards. 
 (a) Subject to Applicable Law, 102 Awards may only be granted to an employee within the meaning of Section 102(a) of the Ordinance (which as of the date of the adoption of this Plan means (i) individuals employed by an Israeli company being the Company or any of its Affiliates, and (ii) individuals who are serving and are engaged personally (and not through an entity) as office holders by such an Israeli company), but may not be granted to a Controlling Shareholder Eligible 102 Grantees ). Eligible 102 Grantees may receive only 102 Awards, which may either be granted to a Trustee or granted under Section 102 of the Ordinance without a Trustee. 
 8.4. 102 Award Grant Date. 
 (a) Each 102 Award will be deemed granted on the date determined by the Committee, subject to Section 8.4(b), provided that (i) the Grantee has signed all documents required by the Company or pursuant to Applicable Law, and (ii) with respect to 102 Trustee Award, the Company has provided all applicable documents to the Trustee in accordance with the guidelines published by the ITA, and if an agreement is not signed and delivered by the Grantee within 90 days from the date determined by the Committee (subject to Section 8.4(b)), then such 102 Trustee Award shall be deemed granted on such later date as such agreement is signed and delivered and on which the Company has provided all applicable documents to the Trustee in accordance with the guidelines published by the ITA. In the case of any contradiction, this provision and the date of grant determined pursuant hereto shall supersede and be deemed to amend any date of grant indicated in any corporate resolution or Award Agreement. 

(b) Unless otherwise permitted by the Ordinance, any grants of 102 Trustee Awards that are made on or after the date of the adoption of this Plan or an amendment to this Plan, as the case may be, that may become effective only at the expiration of thirty (30) days after the filing of this Plan or any amendment thereof (as the case may be) with the ITA in accordance with the Ordinance shall be conditional upon the expiration of such 30-day period, such condition shall be read and is incorporated by reference into any corporate resolutions approving such grants and into any Award Agreement evidencing such grants (whether or not explicitly referring to such condition), and the date of grant shall be at the expiration of such 30-day period, whether or not the date of grant indicated therein corresponds with this Section. In the case of any contradiction, this provision and the date of grant determined pursuant hereto shall supersede and be deemed to amend any date of grant indicated in any corporate resolution or Award Agreement. 
 8.5. 102 Trustee Awards. 
 (a) Each 102 Trustee Award, each Share issued pursuant to the exercise of any 102 Trustee Award, and any rights granted thereunder, including bonus shares, shall be issued to and registered in the name of the Trustee and shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Grantee for the requisite period prescribed by the Ordinance (the Required Holding Period ). In the event that the requirements under Section 102 of the Ordinance to qualify an Award as a 102 Trustee Award are not met, then the Award may be treated as a 102 Non-Trustee Award or 3(i) Award, all in accordance with the provisions of the Ordinance. After expiration of the Required Holding Period, the Trustee may release such 102 Trustee Awards and any such Shares, provided that (i) the Trustee has received an acknowledgment from the ITA that the Grantee has paid any applicable taxes due pursuant to the Ordinance, or (ii) the Trustee and or the Company and or the Employer withholds all applicable taxes and compulsory payments due pursuant to the Ordinance arising from the 102 Trustee Awards and or any Shares issued upon exercise or (if applicable) vesting of such 102 Trustee Awards. The Trustee shall not release any 102 Trustee Awards or Shares issued upon exercise or (if applicable) vesting thereof prior to the payment in full of the Grantee s tax and compulsory payments arising from such 102 Trustee Awards and or Shares or the withholding referred to in (ii) above. 
 (b) Each 102 Trustee Award shall be subject to the relevant terms of the Ordinance, the Rules and any determinations, rulings or approvals issued by the ITA, which shall be deemed an integral part of the 102 Trustee Awards and shall prevail over any term contained in this Plan or Award Agreement that is not consistent therewith. Any provision of the Ordinance, the Rules and any determinations, rulings or approvals by the ITA not expressly specified in this Plan or Award Agreement that are necessary to receive or maintain any tax benefit pursuant to Section 102 of the Ordinance shall be binding on the Grantee. Any Grantee granted a 102 Trustee Awards shall comply with the Ordinance and the terms and conditions of the trust agreement entered into between the Company and the Trustee. The Grantee shall execute any and all documents that the Company and or its Affiliates and or the Trustee determine from time to time to be necessary in order to comply with the Ordinance and the Rules. 

(c) During the Required Holding Period, the Grantee shall not release from trust or sell, assign, transfer or give as collateral, the Shares issuable upon the exercise or (if applicable) vesting of a 102 Trustee Awards and or any securities issued or distributed with respect thereto, until the expiration of the Required Holding Period. Notwithstanding the above, if any such sale, release or other action occurs during the Required Holding Period it may result in adverse tax consequences to the Grantee under Section 102 of the Ordinance and the Rules, which shall apply to and shall be borne solely by such Grantee. Subject to the foregoing, the Trustee may, pursuant to a written request from the Grantee, but subject to the terms of this Plan, release and transfer such Shares to a designated third party, provided that both of the following conditions have been fulfilled prior to such release or transfer (i) payment has been made to the ITA of all taxes and compulsory payments required to be paid upon the release and transfer of the Shares, and confirmation of such payment has been received by the Trustee and the Company, and (ii) the Trustee has received written confirmation from the Company that all requirements for such release and transfer have been fulfilled according to the terms of the Company s corporate documents, any agreement governing the Shares, this Plan, the Award Agreement and any Applicable Law. 
 (d) If a 102 Trustee Award is exercised or (if applicable) vested, the Shares issued upon such exercise or (if applicable) vesting shall be issued in the name of the Trustee for the benefit of the Grantee. 
 (e) Upon or after receipt of a 102 Trustee Award, if required, the Grantee may be required to sign an undertaking to release the Trustee from any liability with respect to any action or decision duly taken and executed in good faith by the Trustee in relation to this Plan, or any 102 Trustee Awards or Share granted to such Grantee thereunder. 
 8.6. 102 Non-Trustee Awards. The foregoing provisions of this Section 8 relating to 102 Trustee Awards shall not apply with respect to 102 Non-Trustee Awards, which shall, however, be subject to the relevant provisions of Section 102 of the Ordinance and the applicable Rules. The Committee may determine that 102 Non-Trustee Awards, the Shares issuable upon the exercise or (if applicable) vesting of a 102 Non-Trustee Awards and or any securities issued or distributed with respect thereto, shall be allocated or issued to the Trustee, who shall hold such 102 Non-Trustee Awards and all accrued rights thereon (if any), in trust for the benefit of the Grantee and or the Company, as the case may be, until the full payment of tax arising from the 102 Non-Trustee Awards, the Shares issuable upon the exercise or (if applicable) vesting of a 102 Non-Trustee Awards and or any securities issued or distributed with respect thereto. The Company may choose, alternatively, to force the Grantee to provide it with a guarantee or other security, to the satisfaction of each of the Trustee and the Company, until the full payment of the applicable taxes. 
 8.7. Written Grantee Undertaking. To the extent and with respect to any 102 Trustee Award, and as required by Section 102 of the Ordinance and the Rules, by virtue of the receipt of such Award, the Grantee is deemed to have provided, undertaken and confirm the following written undertaking (and such undertaking is deemed incorporated into any documents signed by the Grantee in connection with the Continuous Service of the Grantee and or the grant of such Award), and which undertaking shall be deemed to apply and relate to all 102 Trustee Awards granted to the Grantee, whether under this Plan or other plans maintained by the Company, and whether prior to or after the date hereof. 
 (a) The Grantee shall comply with all terms and conditions set forth in Section 102 of the Ordinance with regard to the Capital Gain Track or the Ordinary Income Track , as applicable, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to time 

(b) The Grantee is familiar with, and understands the provisions of, Section 102 of the Ordinance in general, and the tax arrangement under the Capital Gain Track or the Ordinary Income Track in particular, and its tax consequences the Grantee agrees that the 102 Trustee Awards and Shares that may be issued upon exercise or (if applicable) vesting of the 102 Trustee Awards (or otherwise in relation to the 102 Trustee Awards), will be held by the Trustee appointed pursuant to Section 102 of the Ordinance for at least the duration of the Holding Period (as such term is defined in Section 102) under the Capital Gain Track or the Ordinary Income Track , as applicable. The Grantee understands that any release of such 102 Trustee Awards or Shares from trust, or any sale of the Share prior to the termination of the Holding Period, as defined above, will result in taxation at marginal tax rate, in addition to deductions of appropriate social security, health tax contributions or other compulsory payments and 
 (c) The Grantee agrees to the trust agreement signed between the Company, the Employer and the Trustee appointed pursuant to Section 102 of the Ordinance. 
 9. 3(I) AWARDS. 
 Awards granted pursuant to this Section 9 are intended to constitute 3(i) Awards and shall be granted subject to the general terms and conditions specified in Section 6 hereof and other provisions of this Plan, except for any provisions of this Plan applying to Awards under different tax laws or regulations. In the event of any inconsistency or contradictions between the provisions of this Section 9 and the other terms of this Plan, this Section 9 shall prevail. 
 9.1. To the extent required by the Ordinance or the ITA or otherwise deemed by the Committee to be advisable, the 3(i) Awards and or any shares or other securities issued or distributed with respect thereto granted pursuant to this Plan shall be issued to a Trustee nominated by the Committee in accordance with the provisions of the Ordinance or the terms of a trust agreement, as applicable. In such event, the Trustee shall hold such Awards and or other securities issued or distributed with respect thereto in trust, until exercised or (if applicable) vested by the Grantee and the full payment of tax arising therefrom, pursuant to the Company s instructions from time to time as set forth in a trust agreement, which will have been entered into between the Company and the Trustee. If determined by the Board or the Committee, and subject to such trust agreement, the Trustee will also hold the shares issuable upon exercise or (if applicable) vesting of the 3(i) Awards, as long as they are held by the Grantee. If determined by the Board or the Committee, and subject to such trust agreement, the Trustee shall be responsible for withholding any taxes to which a Grantee may become liable upon issuance of Shares, whether due to the exercise or (if applicable) vesting of Awards. 
 9.2. Shares pursuant to a 3(i) Award shall not be issued, unless the Grantee delivers to the Company payment in cash or by bank check or such other form acceptable to the Committee of all withholding taxes due, if any, on account of the Grantee acquired Shares under the Award or gives other assurance satisfactory to the Committee of the payment of those withholding taxes. 
 10. RESTRICTED SHARES. 
 The Committee may award restricted shares to any eligible Grantee, including under Section 102 of the Ordinance. Each Award of Restricted shares under this Plan shall be evidenced by a written or electronic Award Agreement, in such form as the Committee shall from time to time approve. The Restricted Shares shall be subject to all applicable terms of this Plan, which in the case of Restricted Shares granted under Section 102 of the Ordinance shall include Section 10 hereof, and may be subject to any other terms that are not inconsistent with this Plan. The Award Agreement shall comply with and be subject to Section 6 and the following terms and conditions, unless otherwise specifically provided in such Award Agreement and not inconsistent with this Plan, or Applicable Law 
 10.1. Purchase Price. Section 6.4 shall not apply. Each Award Agreement shall state an amount of Exercise Price to be paid by the Grantee, if any, in consideration for the issuance of the Restricted Shares and the terms of payment thereof, which may include payment in cash or, subject to the Committee s approval, by issuance of promissory notes or other evidence of indebtedness on such terms and conditions as determined by the Committee. 

10.2. Restrictions. Restricted Shares may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution (in which case they shall be transferred subject to all restrictions then or thereafter applicable thereto), until such Restricted Shares shall have vested (the period from the date on which the Award is granted until the date of vesting of the Restricted Share thereunder being referred to herein as the Restricted Period ). The Committee may also impose such additional or alternative restrictions and conditions on the Restricted Shares, as it deems appropriate, including the satisfaction of Performance Goals (which, in case of 102 Trustee Awards, may be subject to obtaining a specific tax ruling or determination from the ITA). Certificates for shares issued pursuant to Restricted Share Awards, if issued, shall bear an appropriate legend referring to such restrictions, and any attempt to dispose of any such shares in contravention of such restrictions shall be null and void and without effect. Such certificates may, if so determined by the Committee, be held in escrow by an escrow agent appointed by the Committee, or, if a Restricted Share Award is made pursuant to Section 102 of the Ordinance, by the Trustee. In determining the Restricted Period of an Award the Committee may provide that the foregoing restrictions shall lapse with respect to specified percentages of the awarded Restricted Shares on successive anniversaries of the date of such Award. To the extent required by the Ordinance or the ITA, the Restricted Shares issued pursuant to Section 102 of the Ordinance shall be issued to the Trustee in accordance with the provisions of the Ordinance and the Restricted Shares shall be held for the benefit of the Grantee for at least the Required Holding Period. 
 10.3. Forfeiture Repurchase. Subject to such exceptions as may be determined by the Committee, if the Grantee s Continuous Service to the Company or any Affiliate thereof shall terminate for any reason prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period of an Award or prior to the timely payment in full of the Exercise Price of any Restricted Shares, any Shares remaining subject to vesting or with respect to which the purchase price has not been paid in full, shall thereupon be forfeited, transferred to, and redeemed, repurchased or cancelled by, as the case may be, in any manner as set forth by the Committee, subject to Applicable Law and the Grantee shall have no further rights with respect to such Restricted Shares. 
 10.4. Ownership. During the Restricted Period the Grantee shall possess all incidents of ownership of such Restricted Shares, subject to Section 10.2, including the right to vote and receive dividends with respect to such Shares. All securities, if any, received by a Grantee with respect to Restricted Shares as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, combination of shares, or other similar transaction shall be subject to the restrictions applicable to the original Award. 
 11. RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS. 
 An RSU is an Award covering a number of Shares that is settled, if vested and (if applicable) exercised, by issuance of those Shares. An RSU may be awarded to any eligible Grantee, including under Section 102 of the Ordinance. The Award Agreement relating to the grant of RSUs under this Plan shall be in such form as the Committee shall from time to time approve. The RSUs shall be subject to all applicable terms of this Plan, which in the case of RSUs granted under Section 102 of the Ordinance shall include Section 8 hereof, and may be subject to any other terms that are not inconsistent with this Plan. The provisions of the various Restricted Share Unit Agreements entered into under this Plan need not be identical. RSUs may be granted in consideration of a reduction in the recipient s other compensation. 
 11.1. Exercise Price. No payment of Exercise Price shall be required as consideration for RSUs, unless included in the Award Agreement or as required by Applicable Law (including, Section 304 of the Companies Law), and Section 6.4 shall apply, if applicable. 
 11.2. Stockholders Rights. The Grantee shall not possess or own any ownership rights in the Shares underlying the RSUs and no rights as a stockholder shall exist prior to the actual issuance of Shares in the name of the Grantee. 

11.3. Settlements of Awards. Settlement of vested RSUs shall be made in the form of Shares or cash (in case of 102 Trustee Awards, the settlement shall be made in the form of shares only). If permitted by the Committee, distribution to a Grantee of an amount (or amounts) from settlement of vested RSUs can be deferred to a date after settlement as determined by the Committee, subject to Section 11.4 below. The amount of a deferred distribution may be increased by an interest factor or by dividend equivalents. Until the grant of RSUs is settled, the number of Shares underlying such RSUs shall be subject to adjustment pursuant hereto. 
 11.4. Section 409A Restrictions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, any RSUs granted under this Plan that are not exempt from the requirements of Section 409A shall contain such restrictions or other provisions so that such RSUs will comply with the requirements of Section 409A, if applicable to the Company. Such restrictions, if any, shall be determined by the Committee and contained in the Restricted Share Unit Agreement evidencing such RSU. 
 12. OTHER SHARE OR SHARE-BASED AWARDS. 
 12.1. The Committee may grant other Awards under this Plan pursuant to which Shares (which may, but need not, be Restricted Shares pursuant to Section 10 hereof), cash (in settlement of Share-based Awards) or a combination thereof, are or may in the future be acquired or received, or Awards denominated in stock units, including units valued on the basis of measures other than market value. 
 12.2. The Committee may also grant stock appreciation rights without the grant of an accompanying option, which rights shall permit the Grantees to receive, at the time of any exercise of such rights, cash equal to the amount by which the Fair Market Value of the Shares in respect to which the right was granted is so exercised exceeds the exercise price thereof. The exercise price of any such stock appreciation right granted to a Grantee who is subject to U.S. federal income tax shall be determined in compliance with Section 7.2. 
 12.3. Such other Share-based Awards as set forth above may be granted alone, in addition to, or in tandem with any Award of any type granted under this Plan (without any obligation or assurance that that such Share-based Awards will be entitled to tax benefits under Applicable Law or to the same tax treatment as other Awards under this Plan). 
 13. EFFECT OF CERTAIN CHANGES. 
 13.1 General. 
 (a) In the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board shall appropriately and proportionately adjust (i) the class(es) and maximum number of Shares subject to the Plan and the maximum number of Shares by which the share reserve may annually increase pursuant to Section 5.1, and (ii) the class(es) and number of securities and exercise price, strike price or purchase price of Shares subject to outstanding Awards. The Board shall make such adjustments, and its determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no fractional Shares or rights for fractional Shares shall be created in order to implement any Capitalization Adjustment. The Board shall determine an equivalent benefit for any fractional Shares or fractional Shares that might be created by the adjustments referred to in the preceding provisions of this Section. 
 (b) The application of this Section with respect to any 102 Awards shall be subject to obtaining a ruling from the ITA, to the extent required by Applicable Law and subject to the terms and conditions of any such ruling. 
 13.2. Corporate Transaction. The following provisions will apply to Awards in the event of a Corporate Transaction and unless otherwise provided in the instrument evidencing the Award or any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Grantee or unless otherwise expressly provided by the Committee at the time of grant of an Award provided, however, that the following provisions shall not apply to Awards subject to Section 409A and such Awards shall be subject to the provisions of Section 11 of the Company s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, which is hereby incorporated by reference (including all terms used therein). 

(a) In the event of a Corporate Transaction, any surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company) may assume or continue any or all Awards outstanding under the Plan or may substitute similar awards for Awards outstanding under the Plan (including but not limited to, awards to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the Corporate Transaction), and any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company in respect of Shares issued pursuant to Awards may be assigned by the Company to the successor of the Company (or the successor s parent company, if any), in connection with such Corporate Transaction. A surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or its parent) may choose to assume or continue only a portion of an Award or substitute a similar award for only a portion of an Award, or may choose to assume or continue the Awards held by some, but not all Grantees. The terms of any assumption, continuation or substitution will be set by the Committee. 
 (b) In the event of a Corporate Transaction in which the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or its parent company) does not assume or continue such outstanding Awards or substitute similar awards for such outstanding Awards, then with respect to Awards that have not been assumed, continued or substituted and that are held by Grantees whose Continuous Service has not terminated prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction (referred to as the Current Participants ), the vesting of such Awards (and, with respect to Options and stock appreciation rights, the time when such Awards may be exercised) will be accelerated in full to a date prior to the effective time of such Corporate Transaction (contingent upon the effectiveness of the Corporate Transaction) as the Committee determines (or, if the Committee does not determine such a date, to the date that is five days prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction), and such Awards will terminate if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, and any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to such Awards will lapse (contingent upon the effectiveness of the Corporate Transaction). With respect to the vesting of performance-based Awards that will accelerate upon the occurrence of a Corporate Transaction pursuant to this subsection (b) and that have multiple vesting levels depending on the level of performance, unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, the vesting of such Performance Awards will accelerate at 100 of the target level upon the occurrence of the Corporate Transaction. With respect to the vesting of Awards that will accelerate upon the occurrence of a Corporate Transaction pursuant to this subsection (b) and are settled in the form of a cash payment, such cash payment will be made no later than 30 days following the occurrence of the Corporate Transaction. 
 (c) In the event of a Corporate Transaction in which the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or its parent company) does not assume or continue such outstanding Awards or substitute similar awards for such outstanding Awards, then with respect to Awards that have not been assumed, continued or substituted and that are held by persons other than Current Participants, such Awards will terminate if not exercised (if applicable) prior to the occurrence of the Corporate Transaction provided, however, that any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to such Awards will not terminate and may continue to be exercised notwithstanding the Corporate Transaction. 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event an Award will terminate if not exercised prior to the effective time of a Corporate Transaction, the Committee may provide, in its sole discretion, that the holder of such Award may not exercise such Award but will receive a payment, in such form as may be determined by the Committee, equal in value, at the effective time, to the excess, if any, of (1) the value of the property the Grantee would have received upon the exercise of the Award (including, at the discretion of the Committee, any unvested portion of such Award), over (2) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with such exercise. 
 (e) The Committee may determine to suspend the Grantee s rights to exercise any vested portion of an Award for a period of time prior to the signing or consummation of Corporate Transaction. 

(f) Without limiting the generality of this Section 13, if the consideration in exchange for Awards in a Corporate Transaction includes any securities and due receipt thereof by any Grantee (or by the Trustee for the benefit of such Grantee) may require under Applicable Law (i) the registration or qualification of such securities or of any person as a broker or dealer or agent with respect to such securities or (ii) the provision to any Grantee of any information under the Securities Act or any other securities laws, then the Committee may determine that the Grantee shall be paid in lieu thereof, against surrender of the Shares or cancellation of any other Awards, an amount in cash or other property, or rights, or any combination thereof, as determined by the Committee to be fair in the circumstances, and subject to such terms and conditions as determined by the Committee. Nothing herein shall entitle any Grantee to receive any form of consideration that such Grantee would be ineligible to receive as a result of such Grantee s failure to satisfy (in the Committee s sole determination) any condition, requirement or limitation that is generally applicable to the Company s stockholders, or that is otherwise applicable under the terms of the Corporate Transaction, and in such case, the Committee shall determine the type of consideration and the terms applying to such Grantees. 
 (g) Neither the authorities and powers of the Committee under this Section 13.2, nor the exercise or implementation thereof, shall (i) be restricted or limited in any way by any adverse consequences (tax or otherwise) that may result to any holder of an Award, and (ii) as, inter alia, being a feature of the Award upon its grant, be deemed to constitute a change or an amendment of the rights of such holder under this Plan, nor shall any such adverse consequences (as well as any adverse tax consequences that may result from any tax ruling or other approval or determination of any relevant tax authority) be deemed to constitute a change or an amendment of the rights of such holder under this Plan, and may be effected without consent of any Grantee and without any liability to the Company or its Affiliates, or to their respective officers, directors, employees and representatives, and the respective successors and assigns of any of the foregoing. The Committee need not take the same action with respect to all Awards or with respect to all Grantees. The Committee may take different actions with respect to the vested and unvested portions of an Award. The Committee may determine an amount or type of consideration to be received or distributed in a Corporate Transaction which may differ as among the Grantees, and as between the Grantees and any other holders of shares of the Company. 
 (h) The Committee may determine that upon a Corporate Transaction any Shares held by Grantees (or for Grantee s benefit) are sold in accordance with instructions issued by the Committee in connection with such Corporate Transaction, which shall be final, conclusive and binding on all Grantees. 
 (i) All of the Committee s determinations pursuant to this Section 13 shall be at its sole and absolute discretion, and shall be final, conclusive and binding on all Grantees (including, for clarity, as it relates to Shares issued upon exercise or vesting of any Awards or that are Awards, unless otherwise determined by the Committee) and without any liability to the Company or its Affiliates, or to their respective officers, directors, employees, stockholders and representatives, and the respective successors and assigns of any of the foregoing, in connection with the method of treatment, chosen course of action or determinations made hereunder. 

(j) If determined by the Committee, the Grantees shall be subject to the definitive agreement(s) in connection with the Corporate Transaction as applying to holders of Shares including, such terms, conditions, representations, undertakings, liabilities, limitations, releases, indemnities, appointing and indemnifying stockholders sellers representative, participating in transaction expenses, stockholders sellers representative expense fund and escrow arrangement, in each case as determined by the Committee. Each Grantee shall execute (and authorizes any person designated by the Company to so execute, as well as (if applicable) the Trustee holding any Shares for the Grantee s behalf) such separate agreement(s) or instruments as may be requested by the Company, the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation in connection with such in such Corporate Transaction or otherwise under or for the purpose of implementing this Section 13.2, and in the form required by them. The execution of such separate agreement(s) may be a condition to the receipt of assumed or substituted Awards, payment in lieu of the Award, the exercise of any Award or otherwise to be entitled to benefit from shares or other securities, cash or other property, or rights, or any combination thereof, pursuant to this Section 13.2 (and the Company (and, if applicable, the Trustee) may exercise its authorization above and sign such agreement on behalf of the Grantee or subject the Grantee to the provisions of such agreements). 
 13.3. Dissolution or Liquidation. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, in the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Company, all outstanding Awards (other than Awards consisting of vested and outstanding shares of Common Stock not subject to a forfeiture condition or the Company s right of repurchase) will terminate immediately prior to the completion of such dissolution or liquidation, and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Company s repurchase rights or subject to a forfeiture condition may be repurchased or reacquired by the Company notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Award is providing Continuous Service, provided, however, that the Board may determine to cause some or all Awards to become fully vested, exercisable and or no longer subject to repurchase or forfeiture (to the extent such Awards have not previously expired or terminated) before the dissolution or liquidation is completed but contingent on its completion. 
 13.4. Reservation of Rights. Except as expressly provided in this Section 13 (if any), the Grantee of an Award hereunder shall have no rights by reason of any Capitalization Adjustment of shares of any class, any increase or decrease in the number of shares of any class, or any dissolution, liquidation, reorganization (which may include a combination or exchange of shares, spin-off or other corporate divestiture or division, or other similar occurrences), or Corporate Transaction. Any issue by the Company of shares of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, shall not affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number, type or price of shares subject to an Award. The grant of an Award pursuant to this Plan shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Company to make adjustments, reclassifications, reorganizations or changes of its capital or business structures or to merge or to consolidate or to dissolve, liquidate or sell, or transfer all or part of its business or assets or engage in any similar transactions. 

14. NON-TRANSFERABILITY OF AWARDS SURVIVING BENEFICIARY. 
 14.1. All Awards granted under this Plan by their terms shall not be transferable, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, unless otherwise determined by the Committee or under this Plan. Subject to the above provisions, the terms of such Award, this Plan and any applicable Award Agreement shall be binding upon the beneficiaries, executors, administrators, heirs and successors of such Grantee. Awards may be exercised or otherwise realized, during the lifetime of the Grantee, only by the Grantee or by his guardian or legal representative, to the extent provided for herein. Any transfer of an Award not permitted hereunder (including transfers pursuant to any decree of divorce, dissolution or separate maintenance, any property settlement, any separation agreement or any other agreement with a spouse) and any grant of any interest in any Award to, or creation in any way of any direct or indirect interest in any Award by, any party other than the Grantee shall be null and void and shall not confer upon any party or person, other than the Grantee, any rights. If permitted by the Committee and valid under Applicable Law, a Grantee may file with the Committee a written designation of a beneficiary, who shall be permitted to exercise such Grantee s Award or to whom any benefit under this Plan is to be paid, in each case, in the event of the Grantee s death before he or she fully exercises his or her Award or receives any or all of such benefit, on such form as may be prescribed by the Committee and may, from time to time, amend or revoke such designation. If no designated beneficiary survives the Grantee, the executor or administrator of the Grantee s estate shall be deemed to be the Grantee s beneficiary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the request of the Grantee and subject to Applicable Law the Committee, at its sole discretion, may permit the Grantee to transfer the Award to a trust whose beneficiaries are the Grantee and or the Grantee s immediate family members (all or several of them). 
 14.2. As long as the Shares are held by the Trustee in favor of the Grantee, all rights possessed by the Grantee over the Shares are personal, and may not be transferred, assigned, pledged or mortgaged, other than by will or laws of descent and distribution. 
 If and to the extent a Grantee is entitled to transfer an Award in accordance with the terms of the Plan and any other applicable agreements, such transfer shall be subject (in addition, to any other conditions or terms applying thereto) to receipt by the Company from such proposed transferee of a written instrument, on a form reasonably acceptable to the Company, pursuant to which such proposed transferee agrees to be bound by all provisions of the Plan and any other applicable agreements, including without limitation, any restrictions on transfer of the Award set forth herein (however, failure to so deliver such instrument to the Company as set forth above shall not derogate from all such provisions applying on any transferee). 

15. CONDITIONS UPON ISSUANCE OF SHARES GOVERNING PROVISIONS. 
 15.1. Legal Compliance. The grant of Awards and the issuance of Shares upon exercise or settlement of Awards shall be subject to compliance with all Applicable Law as determined by the Company, including, applicable requirements of U.S. or non-U.S. federal or state law with respect to such securities. The Company shall have no obligations to issue Shares pursuant to the exercise or settlement of an Award and Awards may not be exercised or settled, if the issuance of Shares upon exercise or settlement would constitute a violation of any Applicable Law as determined by the Company, including, applicable U.S. or non-U.S. federal or state securities laws or other law or regulations or the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Shares may then be listed. In addition, no Award may be exercised unless (i) a registration statement under the Securities Act or equivalent law in another jurisdiction shall at the time of exercise or settlement of the Award be in effect with respect to the Shares issuable upon exercise of the Award, or (ii) in the opinion of legal counsel to the Company, the Shares issuable upon exercise of the Award may be issued in accordance with the terms of an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act or equivalent law in another jurisdiction. The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, if any, deemed by the Company to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, and the inability to issue Shares hereunder due to non-compliance with any Company policies with respect to the sale of Shares, shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority or compliance shall not have been obtained or achieved. As a condition to the exercise of an Award, the Company may require the person exercising such Award to satisfy any qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate, to evidence compliance with any Applicable Law or regulation and to make any representation or warranty with respect thereto as may be requested by the Company, including to represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares, all in form and content specified by the Company. 
 16. AGREEMENT REGARDING TAXES DISCLAIMER. 
 16.1. If the Committee shall so require, as a condition of exercise or (if applicable) vesting of an Award, the release of Shares by the Trustee or the expiration of the Restricted Period, a Grantee shall agree that, no later than the date of such occurrence, the Grantee will pay to the Company (or the Trustee, as applicable) or make arrangements satisfactory to the Committee and the Trustee (if applicable) regarding payment of any applicable taxes and compulsory payments of any kind required by Applicable Law to be withheld or paid. 
 16.2. All tax consequences under any Applicable Law which may arise from the grant of any Awards or the exercise or (if applicable) vesting thereof, the sale or disposition of any Shares granted hereunder or issued upon exercise or (if applicable) the vesting of any Award, the assumption, substitution, cancellation or payment in lieu of Awards or from any other action in connection with the foregoing (including without limitation any taxes and compulsory payments, such as social security or health tax payable by the Grantee or the Company in connection therewith) shall be borne and paid solely by the Grantee, and the Grantee shall indemnify the Company, its Subsidiaries and Affiliates and the Trustee, and shall hold them harmless against and from any liability for any such tax or payment or any penalty, interest or indexation thereon. Each Grantee agrees to, and undertakes to comply with, any ruling, settlement, closing agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement with any tax authority in connection with the foregoing which is approved by the Company. 
 16.3. The Grantee should consult with a tax advisor with respect to the tax consequences of receiving, exercising of Awards or disposing of Shares hereunder. The Company does not assume any responsibility to advise the Grantee on such matters, which shall remain solely the responsibility of the Grantee. 

16.4. The Company and its Affiliates (including the Employer) do not undertake or assume any liability or responsibility to the effect that any Award shall qualify with any particular tax regime or rules applying to particular tax treatment, or benefit from any particular tax treatment or tax advantage of any type and the Company and its Affiliates (including the Employer) shall bear no liability in connection with the manner in which any Award is treated for tax purposes, regardless of whether the Award was granted or was intended to qualify under any particular tax regime or treatment. This provision shall supersede any type of Awards or tax qualification indicated in any corporate resolution or Award Agreement, which shall at all times be subject to the requirements of Applicable Law. The Company and its Affiliates (including the Employer) do not undertake and shall not be required to take any action in order to qualify any Award with the requirement of any particular tax treatment and no indication in any document to the effect that any award is intended to qualify for any tax treatment shall imply such an undertaking. The Company and its Affiliates (including the Employer) do not undertake to report for tax purposes any Award in any particular manner, including in any manner consistent with any particular tax treatment. No assurance is made by the Company or any of its Affiliates (including the Employer) that any particular tax treatment on the date of grant will continue to exist or that the Award would qualify at the time of exercise, vesting or disposition thereof with any particular tax treatment. The Company and its Affiliates (including the Employer) shall not have any liability or obligation of any nature in the event that an Award does not qualify for any particular tax treatment, regardless of whether the Company could have or should have taken any action to cause such qualification to be met and such qualification remains at all times and under all circumstances at the risk of the Grantee. The Company does not undertake or assume any liability to contest a determination or interpretation (whether written or unwritten) of any tax authorities, including in respect of the qualification under any particular tax regime or rules applying to particular tax treatment. If the Awards do not qualify under any particular tax treatment it could result in adverse tax consequences to the Grantee. 
 16.5. The Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate (including the Employer) may take such action as it may deem necessary or appropriate, in its discretion, for the purpose of or in connection with withholding of any taxes and compulsory payments which the Trustee, the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate (including the Employer) (or any applicable agent thereof) is required by any Applicable Law to withhold in connection with any Awards, including, without limitations, any income tax, social benefits, social insurance, health tax, pension, payroll tax, fringe benefits, excise tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the Grantee s participation in the Plan and applicable by law to the Grantee (collectively, Withholding Obligations ). Such actions may include (i) requiring a Grantees to remit to the Company or the Employer in cash an amount sufficient to satisfy such Withholding Obligations and any other taxes and compulsory payments in connection with the Award or the exercise or (if applicable) the vesting thereof (ii) subject to Applicable Law, allowing the Grantees to surrender Shares to the Company, in an amount that at such time, reflects a value that the Committee determines to be sufficient to satisfy such Withholding Obligations (iii) withholding Shares otherwise issuable upon the exercise or vesting of an Award at a value which is determined by the Committee to be sufficient to satisfy such Withholding Obligations (iv) by such other method as may be set forth in an Award Agreement or (v) any combination of the foregoing. The Company shall not be obligated to allow the exercise or vesting of any Award by or on behalf of a Grantee until all tax consequences arising therefrom are resolved in a manner acceptable to the Company. 
 16.6. Each Grantee shall notify the Company in writing promptly and in any event within ten (10) days after the date on which such Grantee first obtains knowledge of any tax authority inquiry, audit, assertion, determination, investigation, or question relating in any manner to the Awards granted or received hereunder or Shares issued thereunder and shall continuously inform the Company of any developments, proceedings, discussions and negotiations relating to such matter, and shall allow the Company and its representatives to participate in any proceedings and discussions concerning such matters. Upon request, a Grantee shall provide to the Company any information or document relating to any matter described in the preceding sentence, which the Company, in its discretion, requires. 

16.7. With respect to 102 Non-Trustee Options, if the Grantee ceases to be employed by the Company, Parent, Subsidiary or any Affiliate (including the Employer), the Grantee shall extend to the Company and or the Employer a security or guarantee for the payment of taxes due at the time of sale of Shares, all in accordance with the provisions of Section 102 of the Ordinance and the Rules. 
 16.8. If a Grantee makes an election under Section 83(b) of the Code to be taxed with respect to an Award as of the date of transfer of Shares rather than as of the date or dates upon which the Grantee would otherwise be taxable under Section 83(a) of the Code, such Grantee shall deliver a copy of such election to the Company upon or prior to the filing such election with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. Neither the Company nor any Affiliate (including the Employer) shall have any liability or responsibility relating to or arising out of the filing or not filing of any such election or any defects in its construction. 
 17. RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER VOTING AND DIVIDENDS. 
 17.1. Subject to Section 10.4, a Grantee shall have no rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to any Shares covered by an Award until the Grantee shall have exercised or (as applicable) vests in the Award, paid any Exercise Price therefor and becomes the record holder of the subject Shares. In the case of 102 Awards, the Trustee shall have no rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to the Shares covered by such Award until the Trustee becomes the record holder for such Shares for the Grantee s benefit, and the Grantee shall not be deemed to be a stockholder and shall have no rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to the Shares covered by the Award until the date of the release of such Shares from the Trustee to the Grantee and the transfer of record ownership of such Shares to the Grantee (provided, however, that the Grantee shall be entitled to receive from the Trustee any cash dividend or distribution made on account of the Shares held by the Trustee for such Grantee s benefit, subject to any tax withholding and compulsory payment). No adjustment shall be made for dividends (ordinary or extraordinary, whether in shares or other securities, cash or other property, or rights, or any combination thereof) or distribution of other rights for which the record date is prior to the date on which the Grantee or Trustee (as applicable) becomes the record holder of the Shares covered by an Award, except as provided in Section 13 hereof. 
 17.2. The Company may, but shall not be obligated to, register or qualify the sale of Shares under any applicable securities law or any other Applicable Law. 
 18. NO REPRESENTATION BY COMPANY. 
 By granting the Awards, the Company is not, and shall not be deemed as, making any representation or warranties to the Grantee regarding the Company, its business affairs, its prospects or the future value of its Shares and such representations and warranties are hereby disclaimed. Unless required by Applicable Law, the Company shall not be required to provide to any Grantee any information, documents or material in connection with the Grantee s considering an exercise of an Award. To the extent that any information, documents or materials are provided, the Company shall have no liability with respect thereto. Any decision by a Grantee to exercise an Award shall solely be at the risk of the Grantee. 
 19. NO RETENTION RIGHTS. 
 Nothing in this Plan, any Award Agreement or in any Award granted or agreement entered into pursuant hereto shall confer upon any Grantee the right to be in Continuous Service or to be entitled to any remuneration or benefits not set forth in this Plan or such agreement, or to interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate to terminate such Grantee s Continuous Service (including, any right of the Company or any of its Affiliates to immediately cease the Grantee s Continuous Service or to shorten all or part of the notice period, regardless of whether notice of termination was given by the Company or its Affiliates or by the Grantee). Awards granted under this Plan shall not be affected by any change in duties or position of a Grantee, subject to sections 6.6 and 6.7. No Grantee shall be entitled to claim and the Grantee hereby waives any claim against the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate that he or she was prevented from continuing to vest in Awards as of the date of termination of his or her Continuous Service. No Grantee shall be entitled to any compensation in respect of the Awards which would have vested had such Grantee s Continuous Service not been terminated. 

20. PERIOD DURING WHICH AWARDS MAY BE GRANTED. 
 This Plan shall remain in effect until December 13, 2030. From and after such date, no grants of Awards may be made and this Plan shall continue to be in full force and effect with respect to Awards or Shares issued thereunder that remain outstanding. 
 21. AMENDMENT OF THIS PLAN AND AWARDS. 
 21.1. The Board at any time and from time to time may suspend, terminate, modify or amend this Plan, whether retroactively or prospectively. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 21 shall be binding upon all Grantees and all Awards, whether granted prior to or after the date of such amendment. No termination or amendment of this Plan shall affect any then outstanding Award unless expressly provided by the Board. Suspension or termination of the Plan will not Materially Impair rights and obligations under any Award granted while the Plan is in effect except with the written consent of the affected Grantee. 
 21.2. The Board or the Committee at any time and from time to time may modify or amend any Award theretofore granted, including any Award Agreement, whether retroactively or prospectively. Rights under any Award granted before such modification or amendment will not be Materially Impaired by any such modification or amendment unless (1) the Company requests the consent of the affected Grantee, and (2) such Grantee consents in writing 
 22. APPROVAL. 
 22.1. This Plan shall take effect upon the Effective Time (the Effective Date ). 
 22.2. 102 Awards are conditional upon the filing with or approval by the ITA, if required, as set forth in Section 8. Failure to so file or obtain such approval shall not in any way derogate from the valid and binding effect of any grant of an Award, which is not a 102 Award. 
 23. RULES PARTICULAR TO SPECIFIC COUNTRIES SECTION 409A. 
 23.1. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the terms and conditions of this Plan may be supplemented or amended with respect to a particular country or tax regime by means of an appendix to this Plan or to an applicable Award Agreement, and to the extent that the terms and conditions set forth in any appendix conflict with any provisions of this Plan, the provisions of such appendix shall govern. Terms and conditions set forth in such appendix shall apply only to Awards granted to Grantees under the jurisdiction of the specific country or such other tax regime that is the subject of such appendix and shall not apply to Awards issued to a Grantee not under the jurisdiction of such country or such other tax regime. The adoption of any such appendix shall be subject to the approval of the Board or the Committee, and if determined by the Committee to be required in connection with the application of certain tax treatment, pursuant to applicable stock exchange rules or regulations or otherwise, then also the approval of the stockholders of the Company. 
 23.2. This Section 23.2 shall only apply to Awards granted to Grantees who are subject to United States Federal income tax. 
 23.2(a) It is the intention of the Company that no Award shall be deferred compensation subject to Section 409A unless and to the extent that the Committee specifically determines otherwise as provided in Section 23.2(b), and the Plan and the terms and conditions of all Awards shall be interpreted and administered accordingly. 
 23.2(b) The terms and conditions governing any Awards that the Committee determines will be subject to Section 409A, including any rules for payment or elective or mandatory deferral of the payment or delivery of Shares or cash pursuant thereto, shall be as set forth in Section 11 of the Company s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference, except as otherwise set forth in the applicable Award Agreement and shall be intended to comply in all respects with Section 409A, and the Plan and the terms and conditions of such Awards shall be interpreted and administered accordingly. 

23.2(c) The Company shall have complete discretion to interpret and construe the Plan and any Award Agreement in any manner that establishes an exemption from (or compliance with) the requirements of Section 409A. If for any reason any provision of the Plan and or any Award Agreement does not accurately reflect its intended establishment of an exemption from (or compliance with) Section 409A, as demonstrated by consistent interpretations or other evidence of intent, such provision shall be considered ambiguous as to its exemption from (or compliance with) Section 409A and shall be interpreted by the Company in a manner consistent with such intent, as determined in the discretion of the Company. If, notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 23.2(c), any provision of the Plan or any such agreement would cause a Grantee to incur any additional tax or interest under Section 409A, the Company may reform such provision in a manner intended to avoid the incurrence by such Grantee of any such additional tax or interest provided that the Company shall maintain, to the extent reasonably practicable, the original intent and economic benefit to the Grantee of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of Section 409A. For the avoidance of doubt, no provision of this Plan shall be interpreted or construed to transfer any liability for failure to comply with the requirements of Section 409A from any Grantee or any other individual to the Company or any of its affiliates, employees or agents. 
 23.2(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 23.2 to the contrary, although the Company intends to administer the Plan so that Awards will be exempt from, or will comply with, the requirements of Section 409A, the Company does not warrant that any Award under the Plan will qualify for favorable tax treatment under Section 409A or any other provision of federal, state, local, or non-United States law. The Company shall not be liable to any Grantee for any tax, interest, or penalties the Grantee might owe as a result of the grant, holding, vesting, exercise, or payment of any Award under the Plan. 
 24. GOVERNING LAW JURISDICTION. 
 This Plan and any controversy arising out of or relating to this Plan shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in any application of any law other than the law of the State of Delaware. 
 25 . NON-EXCLUSIVITY OF THIS PLAN. 
 The adoption of this Plan shall not be construed as creating any limitations on the power or authority of the Company to adopt such other or additional incentive or other compensation arrangements of whatever nature as the Company may deem necessary or desirable or preclude or limit the continuation of any other plan, practice or arrangement for the payment of compensation or fringe benefits to employees generally, or to any class or group of employees, which the Company or any Affiliate now has lawfully put into effect, including any retirement, pension, savings and stock purchase plan, insurance, death and disability benefits and executive short-term or long-term incentive plans. 
 26. MISCELLANEOUS. 
 26.1. Survival. The Grantee shall be bound by and the Shares issued upon exercise or (if applicable) the vesting of any Awards granted hereunder shall remain subject to this Plan after the exercise or (if applicable) the vesting of Awards, in accordance with the terms of this Plan, whether or not the Grantee is then or at any time thereafter employed or engaged by the Company or any of its Affiliates. 
 26.2. Additional Terms. Each Award awarded under this Plan may contain such other terms and conditions not inconsistent with this Plan as may be determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion. 
 26.3. Fractional Shares. No fractional Share shall be issuable upon exercise or vesting of any Award. Unless a different rounding rule is applied by the Committee, the number of Shares to be issued shall be rounded down to the nearest whole Share, with any Share remaining at the last vesting date due to such rounding to be issued upon exercise at such last vesting date. 

26.4. Severability. If any provision of this Plan, any Award Agreement or any other agreement entered into in connection with an Award shall be determined to be illegal or unenforceable by any court of law in any jurisdiction, the remaining provisions hereof and thereof shall be severable and enforceable in accordance with their terms, and all provisions shall remain enforceable in any other jurisdiction. In addition, if any particular provision contained in this Plan, any Award Agreement or any other agreement entered into in connection with an Award shall, for any reason, be held to be excessively broad as to duration, geographic scope, activity or subject, it shall be construed by limiting and reducing such provision as to such characteristic so that the provision is enforceable to fullest extent compatible with Applicable Law as it shall then appear. 
 26.5. Captions and Titles. The use of captions and titles in this Plan or any Award Agreement or any other agreement entered into in connection with an Award is for the convenience of reference only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Plan or such agreement. 

Unity Software Inc. 
 Stock Option Grant Notice 
 (ironSource Share Incentive Plan) 
 Unity Software Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to its ironSource Share Incentive Plan (the Plan ), has granted to you Optionholder an option to purchase the number of shares of the Common Stock set forth below (the Option ). Your Option is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein and in the Plan and the Global Stock Option Agreement, including any country-specific appendices thereto (the Appendix ), all of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined herein but defined in the Plan or the Global Stock Option Agreement (including the Appendix) shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or the Global Stock Option Agreement, as applicable. Optionholder Date of Grant Vesting Commencement Date Number of Shares of Common Stock Subject to Option Exercise Price (Per Share) Total Exercise Price Expiration Date 
 Type of Grant Nonstatutory Stock Option Exercise and Vesting Schedule Subject to the Optionholder s Continuous Service through each applicable vesting date, the Option will vest as follows __________ If the Optionholder s Continuous Service terminates because of the Optionholder s death (i) within the first year of Optionholder s Continuous Service, then 50 of the Number of Shares of Common Stock Subject to Option as set forth above shall vest effective as of immediately prior to the effective time of such termination or (ii) on or following the first year of Optionholder s Continuous Service, then 100 of the Number of Shares of Common Stock Subject to Option set forth above shall vest effective as of immediately prior to the effective time of such termination. 
 Optionholder Acknowledgements By your signature below or by electronic acceptance or authentication in a form authorized by the Company, you understand and agree that 
 The Option is governed by this Stock Option Grant Notice, and the provisions of the Plan and the Global Stock Option Agreement (including the Appendix), all of which are made a part of this document. This Grant Notice, the Global Stock Option Agreement and the Appendix (collectively, the Agreement may not be modified, amended or revised except in a writing signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company, unless otherwise provided in the Plan. 
 You consent to receive the Agreement, the Plan, the Prospectus and any other Plan-related documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 You have read and are familiar with the provisions of the Plan, the Agreement and the Prospectus. In the event of any conflict between the provisions in this Agreement (including the Grant Notice, the Global Option Agreement and the Appendix) or the Prospectus and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control. 

This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding the acquisition of Common Stock and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements, promises and or representations on that subject with the exception of other equity awards previously granted to you and any written employment agreement, offer letter, severance agreement, written severance plan or policy, or other written agreement between the Company and you in each case that specifies the terms that should govern this Option. 
 Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or other applicable law) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered will be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 
 UNITY SOFTWARE INC. OPTIONHOLDER By Signature Signature Title Date Date 

Unity Software Inc. 
 ironSource Share Incentive Plan 
 Global Stock Option Agreement 
 As reflected by your Stock Option Grant Notice Grant Notice Unity Software Inc. (the Company has granted you an option under its ironSource Share Incentive Plan (the Plan to purchase a number of shares of Common Stock at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice (the Option ). Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Global Stock Option Agreement but defined in the Grant Notice or the Plan shall have the meanings set forth in the Grant Notice or Plan, as applicable. The terms of your Option as specified in the Grant Notice and this Global Stock Option Agreement, including the Appendix, as defined below, constitute your Agreement (the Grant Notice, Global Stock Option Agreement and Appendix, collectively, are referred to as the Agreement ). 
 The general terms and conditions applicable to your Option are as follows 
 1. Governing Plan Document. Your Option is subject to all the provisions of the Plan. Your Option is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the Option Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. 
 2. Exercise. 
 (a) You may generally exercise the vested portion of your Option for whole shares of Common Stock at any time during its term by delivery of payment of the exercise price and applicable withholding taxes and other required documentation to the Plan Administrator in accordance with the exercise procedures established by the Plan Administrator, which may include an electronic submission. Please review the Plan, which may restrict or prohibit your ability to exercise your Option during certain periods. 
 (b) To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, you may pay your Option exercise price as follows 
 (i) cash, check, bank draft or money order 
 (ii) subject to Company and or Committee consent at the time of exercise, pursuant to a cashless exercise program as further described in the Plan if at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded 
 (iii) subject to Company and or Committee consent at the time of exercise, by delivery of previously owned shares of Common Stock as further described in the Plan or 
 (iv) subject to Company and or Committee consent at the time of exercise, if the Option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, by a net exercise arrangement as further described in the Plan. 
 3. Term. You may not exercise your Option before the commencement of its term or after its term expires. The term of your option commences on the Date of Grant and expires upon the earliest of the following 
 (a) immediately upon the termination of your Continuous Service for Cause 
 (b) three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason other than Cause, Disability or death 
 (c) 12 months after the termination of your Continuous Service due to your Disability 
 (d) 12 months after your death if you die during your Continuous Service 
 (e) immediately upon a Corporate Transaction if the Board has determined that the Option will terminate in connection with a Corporate Transaction, 

(f) the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice or 
 (g) the day before the 10th anniversary of the Date of Grant. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you die during the period provided in Section 3(b), the term of your Option shall not expire until the earlier of (i) 12 months after your death, (ii) upon any termination of the Option in connection with a Corporate Transaction, (iii) the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice, or (iv) the day before the tenth anniversary of the Date of Grant. Additionally, the Post-Termination Exercise Period of your Option may be extended as provided in the Plan. 
 4. Withholding Obligations. Regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the Affiliate to which you provide Continuous Service (the Service Recipient with respect to any income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items associated with the grant or exercise of the Option or sale of the underlying Common Stock or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you (the Tax Liability ), you hereby acknowledge and agree that the Tax Liability is your ultimate responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Service Recipient. You further acknowledge that the Company and the Service Recipient (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding any Tax Liability in connection with any aspect of this Option, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option, the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to such exercise, the subsequent sale of shares of Common Stock, and the payment of any dividends on the Shares and (b) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate your Tax Liability or achieve a particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to Tax Liability in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Service Recipient (or former service recipient, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Liability in more than one jurisdiction. 
 As further provided in the Plan, you may not exercise your Option unless the applicable withholding obligations with respect to the Tax Liability are satisfied, and at the time you exercise your Option, in whole or in part, or at the time of any other applicable tax withholding event with respect to your Option, you hereby authorize the Company and any applicable Service Recipient to satisfy any applicable withholding obligations with regard to the Tax Liability by one or a combination of the following methods (i) withholding from your payroll and any other amounts payable to you, in accordance with Applicable Laws (ii) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of the Option (including by means of a cashless exercise pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company, or by means of the Company acting as your agent to sell sufficient shares of Common Stock for the proceeds to settle such withholding requirements, on your behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent) (iii) withholding shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to you upon the exercise of the Option, provided that to the extent necessary to qualify for an exemption from application of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, if applicable, such share withholding procedure will be subject to the express prior approval of the Board or the Company s Compensation Committee or (iv) any other method determined by the Company to be in compliance with Applicable Law. Furthermore, you agree to pay the Company or the Service Recipient any amount the Company or the Service Recipient may be required to withhold, collect or pay as a result of your participation in the Plan or that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. In the event that the amount of the Company s or applicable Service Recipient s withholding obligation in connection with your Option was greater than the amount actually withheld by the Company, you agree to indemnify and hold the Company and the applicable Service Recipient harmless from any failure by the Company or the applicable Service Recipient to withhold the proper amount. 

The Company may withhold or account for your Tax Liability by considering statutory withholding amounts or other withholding rates applicable in your jurisdiction(s), including (1) maximum applicable rates, in which case you may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash (whether from applicable tax authorities or the Company) and will have no entitlement to the equivalent amount in Common Stock or (2) minimum or such other applicable rates, in which case you may be solely responsible for paying any additional Tax Liability to the applicable tax authorities. If the Tax Liability withholding obligation is satisfied by withholding shares of Common Stock, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Common Stock subject to the exercised portion of the Option, notwithstanding that a number of the shares of Common Stock is held back solely for the purpose of paying such Tax Liability. 
 You may not be able to exercise your Option even though the Option is vested, and the Company shall have no obligation to issue shares of Common Stock subject to your Option, unless and until such Tax Liability withholding obligations are satisfied, as determined by the Company. 
 5. Transferability. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, your Option is not transferable, except by will or by the applicable laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during your life only by you. 
 6. Corporate Transaction. Your Option is subject to the terms of any agreement governing a Corporate Transaction involving the Company, including, without limitation, a provision for the appointment of a stockholder representative that is authorized to act on your behalf with respect to any escrow, indemnities and any contingent consideration. 
 7. No Liability for Taxes . As a condition to accepting the Option, you hereby (a) agree to not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, employees or Affiliates related to any Tax Liability arising from the Option or any other compensation from the Company or the Service Recipient and (b) acknowledge that you were advised to consult with your own personal tax, financial and other legal advisors regarding the tax consequences of the Option and have either done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. Additionally, you acknowledge that the Option is exempt from Section 409A only if the exercise price is at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant as determined by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation associated with the Option. Additionally, as a condition to accepting the Option, you agree not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, employees or Affiliates in the event that the U.S. Internal Revenue Service asserts that such exercise is less than the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant as subsequently determined by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
 8. Severability . If any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of this Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid will, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 
 9. Other Documents. You hereby acknowledge receipt of or the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Prospectus. In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company s Trading Policy. 
 10. Questions. If you have questions regarding these or any other terms and conditions applicable to your Option, including a summary of the applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences, please see the Prospectus. 

11. Lock-Up. By accepting the Option, you agree that you will not sell, dispose of, transfer, make any short sale of, grant any option for the purchase of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a sale with respect to any shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company held by you, for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days following the effective date of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act or such longer period as the underwriters or the Company will request to facilitate compliance with FINRA Rule 2241 or any successor or similar rules or regulation (the Lock-Up Period provided, however , that nothing contained in this section will prevent the exercise of a repurchase option, if any, in favor of the Company during the Lock-Up Period. You further agree to execute and deliver such other agreements as may be reasonably requested by the Company or the underwriters that are consistent with the foregoing or that are necessary to give further effect thereto. In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to your shares of Common Stock until the end of such period. You also agree that any transferee of any shares of Common Stock (or other securities) of the Company held by you will be bound by this Section 11. The underwriters of the Company s stock are intended third party beneficiaries of this Section 11 and will have the right, power and authority to enforce the provisions hereof as though they were a party hereto. 
 12. Venue. For purposes of any action, lawsuit, or other proceedings brought to enforce this Agreement, relating to it, or arising from it, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of California, or the federal courts for Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this grant is made and or to be performed. 
 13. Waiver. You acknowledge that a waiver by the Company of any provision, or breach thereof, of this Agreement on any occasion shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of such provision on any other occasion or as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other Participant. 
 14. Appendix. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Option grant shall be subject to any additional or different terms and conditions set forth in the Appendix to this Global Stock Option Agreement for your country (the Appendix set forth as Exhibit A to this Global Stock Option Agreement. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the additional or different terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendix constitutes part of this Global Stock Option Agreement. 

EXHIBIT A 
 Unity Software Inc. 
 ironSource Share Incentive Plan 
 Appendix to Global Stock Option Agreement 
 Terms and Conditions 
 This Appendix includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Option granted to you under the Plan if you reside and or work outside of the United States. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan and or the Global Stock Option Agreement to which this Appendix is attached. 
 If you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently working and or residing, transfer to another country after the Date of Grant, or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the Company shall, in its discretion, determine the extent to which the terms and conditions contained herein shall be applicable to you. 
 Notifications 
 This Appendix also includes information regarding securities, exchange controls, tax, and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to your participation in the Plan. The information is provided solely for your convenience and is based on the securities, exchange control, tax, and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of November 2022. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information noted herein as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date by the time you vest in or exercises this Option or sell any shares of Common Stock. 
 In addition, the information contained in this Appendix is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure you of any particular result. Accordingly, you should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the Applicable Laws in your country may apply to your situation. 
 Finally, you understand that if you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently residing and or working, transfer to another country after the Date of Grant, or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the notifications contained herein may not be applicable to you in the same manner. 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO NON-U.S. PARTICIPANTS 
 In accepting this Option, you acknowledge, understand and agree to the following 
 1. Data Privacy Information . The Company is located at 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States, and grants Awards to employees of the Company and its Affiliates, at the Company s sole discretion. If you would like to participate in the Plan, please review the following information about the Company s data processing practices. 
 The following provision applies to Participants who work and or reside outside the European Union European Economic Area. 
 Data Collection and Usage. You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in the Grant Notice and the Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Company, the Service Recipient and other Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 

Data Processing. You understands that the Company and the Service Recipient hold certain personal information about you, including, without limitation, your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality and citizenship, job title, any shares of Common Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Awards or other entitlements to shares of Common Stock, granted, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data ), for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
 Stock Plan Administration, Data Transfer, Retention and Data Subject Rights . You understand that the Data will be transferred to Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (including its affiliated companies) Schwab and or Equity Plan Solutions EPS ), which are assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in your country of work and or residence, or elsewhere, and that any recipient s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country of work and or residence. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorizes the Company, Schwab, EPS and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your Continuous Service will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you the Option or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusal or withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 The following provision applies to Participants who work and or reside inside the European Union European Economic Area (including Switzerland and the United Kingdom). 
 Data Collection and Usage . The Company, the Service Recipient, and other Affiliates collect, process, transfer and use personal data about you that is necessary for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. This personal data may include your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality and citizenship, job title, any shares of Common Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Awards or other entitlements to shares of Common Stock, granted, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data ), which the Company receives from you or the Service Recipient. 
 Purposes and Legal Bases of Processing . The Company processes the Data for the purpose of performing its contractual obligations under the Agreement, granting Options, implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. The legal basis for the processing of the Data by the Company and the third party service providers described below is the necessity of the data processing for the Company to perform its contractual obligations under the Agreement and for the Company s legitimate business interests of managing the Plan and generally administering employee equity awards. 

Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Company transfers Data to Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (including its affiliated companies) Schwab and or Equity Plan Solutions EPS ), independent service providers with operations, relevant to the Company, in Canada and the United States, which assist the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. In the future, the Company may select a different service provider and share your Data with another service provider that serves in a similar manner. The Company s service provider may open an account for you to receive and trade shares of Common Stock. The processing of your Data will take place through both electronic and non-electronic means. You may be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with Schwab or EPS, with such agreement being a condition of the ability to participate in the Plan. 
 International Data Transfers . You understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country e.g ., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any then-current recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. When transferring Data to its affiliates, Schwab and EPS, the Company provides appropriate safeguards described in the Company s applicable policy on data privacy. 
 Data Retention . The Company will use your Data only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan or as required to comply with Applicable Laws, exercise or defense of legal rights, or archiving, deletion, and backup purposes. When the Company no longer needs your Data, the Company will remove it from its systems to the fullest extent reasonably practicable. The Company may keep some of your Data longer to satisfy legal or regulatory obligations and the Company s legal basis for such use would be necessity to comply with legal obligations. 
 Contractual Requirement . Your provision of Data and its processing as described above is a contractual requirement and a condition to your ability to participate in the Plan. You understands that, as a consequence of your refusing to provide Data, the Company may not be able to allow you to participate in the Plan, grant Options to you or administer or maintain such Options. However, your participation in the Plan and your acceptance of the Option Agreement are purely voluntary. While you will not receive Options if you decide against participating in the Plan or providing Data as described above, your career and salary will not be affected in any way. 
 Data Subject Rights . You have a number of rights under data privacy laws in your country. Depending on where you are based, your rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of your Data the Company processes, (ii) rectify incorrect Data and or delete your Data, (iii) restrict processing of your Data, (iv) portability of your Data, (v) lodge complaints with the competent data protection authorities in your country and or (vi) obtain a list with the names and addresses of any recipients of your Data. To receive clarification regarding your rights or to exercise your rights please contact the Company at Unity Software Inc., stockadmin unity3d.com, Attn Stock Administrator. 
 2. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . You acknowledge that, depending on your country, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws in applicable jurisdictions, which may affect your ability to directly or indirectly, accept, acquire, sell or attempt to sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Common Stock or rights to the shares of Common Stock, or rights linked to the value of Common Stock during such times as you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by Applicable Laws). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders placed by you before possessing the inside information. Furthermore, you may be prohibited from (i) disclosing inside information to any third party, including fellow employees (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them to otherwise buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and you should speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 

3. Language . You acknowledge that you are sufficiently proficient in English, or have consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English, so as to allow you to understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Furthermore, if you have received this Agreement, or any other document related to the Option and or the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 4. Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Requirements . You acknowledge that there may be certain foreign asset and or account, exchange control and or tax reporting requirements which may affect your ability to acquire or hold shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including any proceeds arising from the sale of shares of Common Stock or the payment of any cash dividends on the Common Stock) in a bank or brokerage account outside your country. Applicable Laws may require that you report such accounts, assets, the balances therein, the value thereof and or the transactions related thereto to the applicable authorities in such country. You also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of participating in the Plan to your country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. It is your responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and you should speak with your personal advisor on this matter. 
 5. Additional Acknowledgments and Agreements . In accepting this Option, you also acknowledge, understand and agree that 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature, and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 (b) the grant of the Option is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of options, or benefits in lieu of options, even if options have been granted in the past 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future option or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (d) the Option grant and your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company, the Service Recipient, or any Affiliate, and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Service Recipient or any Affiliate, as applicable, to terminate your employment or service relationship at any time 
 (e) You are voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 (f) the Option and any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 (g) The Option and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Option, and the income from and value of same, are an extraordinary item of compensation outside the scope of your employment or service contract, if any, and is not to be considered part of your normal or expected compensation for any purpose, including but not limited to calculating severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, holiday pay, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments. 
 (h) the future value of the Common Stock underlying the Option is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (i) if the underlying shares of Common Stock do not increase in value, the Option will have no value 
 (j) if you exercise the Option and acquire shares of Common Stock, the value of such Common Stock may increase or decrease in value, even below the Exercise Price 

(k) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the Option and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Option, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, service you may provide as a director of an Affiliate 
 (l) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Option resulting from the termination of your Continuous Service (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of Applicable Laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) 
 (m) for purposes of the Option, your Continuous Service will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing service (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of Applicable Laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing service or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), and unless otherwise determined by the Company or provided in the Agreement, your right to vest in the Option and the period (if any) during which you may exercise the Option after such termination of your Continuous Service will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period e.g. , your period of Continuous Service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under Applicable Laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing service or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing service for purposes of your Option grant (including whether you may still be considered to be providing service while on a leave of absence) 
 (n) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Option and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Option or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the shares of the Company 
 (o) the Option and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Option are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose and 
 (p) neither the Company, the Service Recipient nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Option or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise. 
 AUSTRALIA 
 Notifications 
 Nature of Plan . The Plan is a plan to which Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) applies (subject to the conditions in that Act). 
 Securities Law Information . If you acquire shares of Common Stock under the Plan and subsequently offer the shares of Common Stock for sale to a person or entity resident in Australia, such an offer may be subject to disclosure requirements under Australian law. You should obtain legal advice regarding any applicable disclosure requirements prior to making any such offer. 
 Exchange Control Obligations . If you are an Australian resident, exchange control reporting is required for cash transactions exceeding AUD 10,000 and for international fund transfers. If an Australian bank is assisting with the transaction, the bank will file the report on your behalf. If there is no Australian bank involved with the transfer, you will be required to file the report. 

BELGIUM 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . Belgian residents are required to report any security or bank accounts (including brokerage accounts) opened and maintained outside Belgium on their annual tax return. In a separate report, they must provide the National Bank of Belgium with certain details regarding such foreign accounts (including the account number, bank name and country in which such account was opened). The forms to complete this report are available on the website of the National Bank of Belgium. 
 Tax Notification . Affirmatively accepting stock options in writing within 60 days after the date of the Option offer i.e. , the date on which you are first notified in writing of the material terms and conditions of the Option grant), will result in taxation of the Option on the 60th day after the offer date. If the Option is accepted more than 60 days after the Option offer, the Option will be taxed at exercise. You should consult with your personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with applicable tax obligations. 
 CANADA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Method of Payment . The following provision supplements and modifies Section 2(b) of the Global Stock Option Agreement 
 For avoidance of doubt, you are prohibited from surrendering shares of Common Stock that you already own to pay the Exercise Price or any Tax Liability in connection with the exercise of the Option. The Company reserves the right to permit this method of payment depending upon the development of local law. 
 Termination of Service . The following provision replaces Section 5(m) of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants set forth above 
 For purposes of the Option, your Continuous Service will be considered terminated on, and your right (if any) to earn, seek damages in lieu of, vest in, exercise or otherwise benefit from any portion of the Option pursuant to the Agreement will be measured by the date that is the earliest of (i) the date of termination of your Continuous Service or (ii) the date you receive notice of termination from the Service Recipient, in either case regardless of any period during notice, pay in lieu of such notice or related payments or damages are provided or required to be provided under Applicable Law. For greater certainty, you will not earn or be entitled to any pro-rated vesting for the portion of time before the date on which your right to vest terminates, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Applicable Law explicitly requires continued entitlement to vesting during a statutory notice period, your right to vest in the Option under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the last day of the your minimum statutory notice period, but you will not earn or be entitled to pro-rated vesting if the vesting date falls after the end of the your statutory notice period, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting 
 The following provisions will apply if you are a resident of Quebec 
 Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information . The following provision supplements Section 1 of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants set forth above 

You hereby authorize the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. You acknowledge that your Data, including any sensitive personal information, may be transferred or disclosed outside of the province of Quebec, including to the United States. You further authorize the Company and or any Affiliate to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. You further authorizes the Company and any Affiliate to record such information and to keep such information in your employee file. If applicable, you also acknowledge that the Company, the Service Recipient, and or any Affiliate, Schwab, EPS and other service providers designated by the Company may use technology for profiling purposes and make automated decisions that may have an impact on your participation in the Plan or the administration of the Plan. 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . The sale or other disposal of the shares of Common Stock acquired at exercise of the Option may not take place within Canada. You will be permitted to sell or dispose of any shares of Common Stock under the Plan only if such sale or disposal takes place outside Canada on the facilities on which such shares are traded i.e. , the New York Stock Exchange). 
 Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . You are required to report any foreign specified property on form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total value of the foreign specified property exceeds C 100,000 at any time in the year. Foreign specified property includes shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, and may include the Option. The Option must be reported (generally at a nil cost) if the 100,000 cost threshold is exceeded because of other foreign specified property you hold. If shares of Common Stock are acquired, their cost generally is the adjusted cost base ACB of the Shares. The ACB ordinarily would equal the fair market value of the Common Stock at the time of acquisition, but if you own other Shares, this ACB may have to be averaged with the ACB of the other shares of Common Stock. The form must be filed by April 30 of the following year. You should consult with your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting obligations. 
 CHINA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 The following provisions apply to you if you are subject to exchange control restrictions imposed by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE ), as determined by the Company in its sole discretion 
 Exercise of Option . The following provision supplements and modifies Sections 2 and 3 of the Global Stock Option Agreement. 
 Due to legal restrictions, the Option shall become exercisable by you only at such time as the shares of Common Stock are not subject to a market stand-off or lock-up agreement and all necessary exchange control and other approvals from the SAFE have been received for Options granted under the Plan, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion (the Liquidity Date ). Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, to exercise the Option, you must pay the Exercise Price by a Cashless Exercise as described in Section 2(b)(ii) of the Global Stock Option Agreement, and the net cash proceeds from such exercise will be remitted to you in accordance with applicable exchange control law. In the event shares of Common Stock are issued upon exercise of the Option, the Company has discretion to arrange for the sale of the shares of Common Stock issued, either immediately upon exercise or at any time thereafter and the Company may require you to hold such shares of Common Stock in a designated brokerage account. 

In the event your Continuous Service terminates after the Liquidity Date, all unvested Options will be forfeited and you must exercise any vested Options within such time as required by the Company s SAFE approval (but in no event beyond the applicable time limit set forth in the Grant Notice and Global Stock Option Agreement). However, if your Continuous Service with terminates prior to the Liquidity Date for any reason other than Cause, and you are unable to exercise the Option within the applicable time period specified in Section 3 of the Global Stock Option Agreement due to the legal restrictions described above, the Option, to the extent vested and unexercised on the date on which your Continuous Service terminated, may be exercised by you at any time prior to the expiration of twenty-four (24) months after the date on which your Continuous Service terminated or within such shorter period as required by the Company s SAFE approval, but in any event no later than the Expiration Date. 
 If or to the extent the Company is unable to obtain or maintain SAFE approval, the Option may not be exercised and no shares of Common Stock subject to the Options shall be issued. 
 Exchange Control Obligations . You understand and agree that you will be required to immediately repatriate to China the proceeds from the sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan and any cash dividends paid on such shares of Common Stock. You further understand that such repatriation of proceeds may need to be effected through a special bank account established by the Company (or an Affiliate), and you hereby consent and agree that any sale proceeds and cash dividends may be transferred to such special account by the Company (or an Affiliate) on your behalf prior to being delivered to you and that no interest shall be paid with respect to funds held in such account. 
 The proceeds may be paid to you in U.S. dollars or local currency at the Company s discretion. If the proceeds are paid to you in U.S. dollars, you understands that a U.S. dollar bank account in China must be established and maintained so that the proceeds may be deposited into such account. If the proceeds are paid to you in local currency, you acknowledge that the Company (or an Affiliate) is under no obligation to secure any particular exchange conversion rate and that the Company (or an Affiliate) may face delays in converting the proceeds to local currency due to exchange control restrictions. You agree to bear any currency fluctuation risk between the time the shares of Common Stock are sold and the net proceeds are converted into local currency and distributed to you. You further agree to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company (or an Affiliate) in the future in order to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements in China. 
 COLOMBIA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Nature of Grant . Pursuant to article 127 of the Colombian Labor Code, neither the Option nor any proceeds or other funds you may receive pursuant to the Option will be considered a salary payment for any legal purpose, including, but not limited to, determining vacation pay, termination indemnities, payroll taxes or social insurance contributions. In consequence, the Option and any proceeds or other funds you may receive pursuant to the Option will be considered as non-salary payments as per Article 128 of the Colombian Labor Code (as amended by Article 15 of Law 50 of 1990) and Article 17 of Law 344 of 1996. 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . The shares of Common Stock are not and will not be registered in the Colombian registry of publicly traded securities Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores and, therefore, the shares of Common Stock may not be offered to the public in Colombia. Nothing in the Grant Notice, the Agreement, the Plan or any other document related to the Option shall be construed as the making of a public offer of securities in Colombia. 
 Exchange Control Information . You are responsible for complying with any and all Colombian foreign exchange requirements in connection with the Option, any shares of Common Stock acquired and funds remitted out of or into Colombia in connection with the Plan. This may include, among others, reporting obligations to the Central Bank Banco de la Rep blica and, in certain circumstances, repatriation requirements. You are responsible for ensuring your compliance with any applicable requirements and should speak to your personal legal advisor on this matter. 

Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . You must file an annual return providing details of assets held abroad to the Colombian Tax Office Direcci n de Impuestos y Aduanas Nacionales ). If the individual value of these assets exceeds a certain threshold (currently 2,000) , you must identify and characterize each asset, specify the jurisdiction in which it is located, and provide its value. 
 You should consult with your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable requirements. 
 CZECH REPUBLIC 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . Czech residents may be required to fulfill certain notification duties in relation to the Options and the opening and maintenance of a foreign account. Such notification will be required if the aggregate value of your foreign direct investments is CZK 2,500,000 or more, you have CZK 200,000,000 or more in foreign financial assets, or you are specifically requested to do so by the Czech National Bank. However, because exchange control regulations may change without notice, you should consult your personal legal advisor prior to the exercise of the Options to ensure compliance with current regulations. It is your responsibility to comply with applicable Czech exchange control laws. 
 DENMARK 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Stock Option Act Notification . You acknowledge you have been provided with an Employer statement translated into Danish, which is being provided to comply with the Danish Stock Option Act. The Employer statement is attached hereto as Exhibit B. 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . If you establish an account holding shares of Common Stock or cash outside Denmark, you must report the account to the Danish Tax Administration. The form which should be used in this respect can be obtained from a local bank. 
 FINLAND 
 There are no country-specific terms. 
 FRANCE 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Option Type . The Option is not intended to qualify for specific tax or social security treatment in France. 
 Language Consent . By accepting the Option, you confirm having read and understood the documents relating to this grant (the Plan and the Agreement), which were provided in English language. You accepts the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 En acceptant l attribution, vous confirmez ainsi avoir lu et compris les documents relatifs cette attribution (le Plan et ce Contrat) qui ont t communiqu s en langue anglaise. Vous acceptez les termes en connaissance de cause. 
 1.1 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . French residents holding cash or securities (including shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan) outside France must declare such accounts to the French Tax Authorities when filing their annual tax returns. 

GERMANY 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . Cross-border payments in excess of 12,500 (including transactions made in connection with the sale of securities) must be reported monthly to the German Federal Bank Bundesbank using the General Statistics Reporting Portal Allgemeines Meldeportal Statistik available via Bundesbank s website www.bundesbank.de ). In addition, you may be required to report the acquisition and or of shares of Common Stock to the Bundesbank if the value of the shares of Common Stock acquired or sold exceeds 12,500. You should consult your personal legal advisors to ensure compliance with applicable reporting requirements. 
 Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . If your acquisition of shares of Common Stock under the Plan leads to a qualified participation at any point during the calendar year, you will need to report the acquisition when you file your tax return for the relevant year. A qualified participation is attained if (i) the value of the shares of Common Stock acquired exceeds EUR 150,000 or (ii) in the unlikely event you hold shares of Common Stock exceeding 10 of the total Common Stock. However, if the shares of Common Stock are listed on a recognized U.S. stock exchange and you own less than 1 of the Company, this requirement will not apply to you. 
 INDIA 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . You must repatriate any funds recognized in connection with the Option to India within certain prescribed time periods e.g. , proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock must be repatriated within 180 days of receipt or within such other period of time as may be required under applicable regulations). You should obtain a foreign inward remittance certificate FIRC from the bank where you deposit the foreign currency and maintain the FIRC as evidence of the repatriation of funds in the event the Reserve Bank of India, the Company, or the Service Recipient requests proof of repatriation. 
 Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . Indian residents are required to declare any foreign bank accounts and any foreign financial assets (including shares of Common Stock held outside India) in their annual tax return. 
 IRELAND 
 Notifications 
 Director Notification Obligation . Directors, shadow directors or secretaries of an Irish Affiliate must notify the Irish Affiliate in writing within five business days of receiving or disposing of an interest in the Company e.g ., Options granted under the Plan, shares of Common Stock, etc.), or within five business days of becoming aware of the event giving rise to the notification requirement or within five business days of becoming a director or secretary if such an interest exists at the time, but only to the extent such individuals own 1 or more of the total Common Stock. If applicable, this notification requirement also applies with respect to the interests of the spouse or children under the age of 18 of the director, shadow director or secretary (whose interests will be attributed to the director, shadow director or secretary). 
 ISRAEL 
 Terms and Conditions 
 The following provisions apply if you were an Israeli tax resident at the time of grant of the Options 
 Trust Arrangement . You understand and agree that the Options awarded under the Agreement are awarded subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Agreement, the Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement ), between the Company and the Company s trustee, IBI Capital Trust Ltd. (the Trustee ), appointed by the Company or a Participating Company, or any successor trustee. 

Type of Grant . The Options are intended to qualify for favorable tax treatment in Israel as a 102 Capital Gain Track Award subject to the terms and conditions of Section 102(b)(2) of the Ordinance Section 102 and the rules promulgated thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, by accepting the Options, you acknowledge that the Company cannot guarantee or represent that the favorable tax treatment under the Capital Gains Track of Section 102 will apply to the Options. 
 By accepting the Options, you (a) acknowledge receipt of and represent that you have read and are familiar with the terms and provisions of Section 102, the Plan, and the Agreement (b) accept the Options subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the Plan, and Section 102 and the rules promulgated thereunder and (c) agree that the Options and or any shares of Common Stock issued in connection therewith, will be registered for your benefit in the name of the Trustee as required to qualify under Section 102. 
 You hereby undertake to release the Trustee from any liability in respect of any action or decision duly taken and bona fide executed in relation to the Plan, or any Options or shares of Common Stock granted thereunder. You agree to execute any and all documents which the Company or the Trustee may reasonably determine to be necessary in order to comply with Section 102 and the Ordinance. 
 Electronic Delivery . To the extent required pursuant to Israeli tax law and or by the Trustee, you consent and agree to deliver hard-copy written notices and or actual copies of any notices or confirmations provided by you related to you participation in the Plan. If you reside in Israel and have not already signed an Israeli consent in connection with grants made under the Plan, then you must print, sign and deliver the signed copy of the Israeli consent provided by the Company within 60 days to Insert . If the Company or its Affiliate in Israel do not receive the signed Israeli consent within 60 days, the Company may cancel the Options in which case, the Options will become null and void. 
 The following provisions apply if you were not an Israeli tax resident at the time of grant of the Options or if the Options do not qualify as a 102 Capital Gain Track Award 
 Immediate Sale Restriction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the Agreement, you may be required to immediately sell all shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise the Options. Pursuant to this requirement, you authorize the Company to instruct its designated broker to assist with the mandatory sale of the shares of Common Stock (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent) and you expressly authorize such broker to complete the sale of such shares of Common Stock. You acknowledge that the Company s designated broker is under no obligation to arrange for the sale of the shares of Common Stock at any particular price. Upon the sale of the shares of Common Stock, the Company agrees to pay to you the cash proceeds from the sale, less any brokerage fees or commissions and any Tax Liability. 
 JAPAN 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control information . If you pay more than 30,000,000 in a single transaction for the purchase of shares of Common Stock when you exercise the Option, you must file a Payment Report with the Ministry of Finance through the Bank of Japan by the 20th day of the month following the month in which the payment was made. The precise reporting requirements vary depending on whether the relevant payment is made through a bank in Japan. If the payment amount to purchase shares of Common Stock in one transaction exceeds 100,000,000, you must file a Securities Acquisition Report with the Ministry of Finance (through the Bank of Japan). The precise reporting requirements vary depending on whether the relevant payment is made through a bank in Japan. 
 Please note that a Payment Report is required independently from a Securities Acquisition Report. Therefore, you must file both a Payment Report and a Securities Acquisition Report if the total amount you pay in a single transaction for exercising the Option and purchasing shares of Common Stock exceeds 30,000,000. 

Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . You will be required to report details of any assets held outside Japan as of December 31st to the extent such assets have a total net fair market value exceeding 50,000,000. Such report will be due by March 15th each year. You should consult with your personal tax advisor as to whether the reporting obligation applies to you and whether the requirement extends to any outstanding Options, shares of Common Stock and or cash acquired under the Plan. 
 LITHUANIA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Language Consent . By accepting the Option, you unambiguously and irrevocably confirm having read and understood the documents relating to the option right (the Plan and the Agreement), which were prepared and provided in English language. You confirm and declare fully and wholly accepting the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 Priimdamas Opcion , Dalyvis nedviprasmi kai ir neat aukiamai patvirtina, jog, perskait ir suprato dokumentus susijusius su opciono teise (Plan ir Sutart ), kurie yra parengti ir pateikti angl kalba. Atitinkamai, Dalyvis patvirtina ir parei kia, jog pilvai ir visi kai sutinka su iuose dokumentuose i d stytomis s lygomis . 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . You may be required to file an Annual Asset Return of the Individual (Family) in Form No. FR0001 with respect to assets held outside of Lithuania i.e. , shares of Common Stock) and a foreign account report. You should consult with your personal tax advisor regarding your reporting obligations. 
 Tax Reporting Requirements . You must file an annual tax return providing details of income received from abroad (including income in kind the shares of Common Stock once they are obtained under the title of ownership) to the State Tax Inspectorate of the Republic of Lithuania. 
 NETHERLANDS 
 There are no country-specific terms. 
 NEW ZEALAND 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . WARNING This is an offer of Options to purchase shares of Common Stock. You understand that shares of Common Stock give you a stake in the ownership of the Company. You may receive a return if dividends are paid. The shares of Common Stock are quoted on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ). This means you may be able to sell them on the NYSE if there are interested buyers. You may get less than you invested. The price will depend on the demand for the shares of Common Stock. 
 If the Company runs into financial difficulties and is wound up, you will be paid, if at all, only after all creditors have been paid. You may lose some or all of your investment. 
 New Zealand law normally requires people who offer financial products to give information to investors before they invest. This information is designed to help investors make an informed decision. The usual rules do not apply to this offer because it is made under an employee share scheme. As a result, you may not be given all the information usually required. You will also have fewer other legal protections for this investment. 
 For information on risk factors impacting the Company s business that may affect the value of the shares of Common Stock, you should refer to the risk factors discussion in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and are available online at www.sec.gov, as well as on the Company s Investor Relations website at http investors.unity.com . 

You should ask questions, read all documents carefully, and seek independent financial advice before committing yourself. 
 PORTUGAL 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Language Consent . You expressly declare that you have full knowledge of the English language and have read, understood and fully accept and agree with the terms and conditions established in the Plan and the Agreement. 
 Conhecimento da Lingua . Pelo presente instrumento, voc declara expressamente que tem pleno conhecimento da l ngua Inglesa e que leu, compreendeu e livremente aceitou e concordou dos termos e condi es estabelecidas no Plano e no Acordo de Inscri o. 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . If you acquire shares of Common Stock under the Plan, the acquisition of the shares should be reported to the Banco de Portugal for statistical purposes. If the shares of Common Stock are deposited with a commercial bank or financial intermediary in Portugal, such bank or financial intermediary will submit the report on your behalf. If the shares of Common Stock are not deposited with a commercial bank or financial intermediary in Portugal, you are responsible for submitting the report to the Banco de Portugal. 
 SINGAPORE 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Restriction on Sale of Shares . The Option is subject to section 257 of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA and you will not be able to make any subsequent offer to sell or sale of the shares of Common Stock in Singapore, unless such offer or sale is made (1) after six (6) months from the Date of Grant, (2) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA, or (3) pursuant to, and in accordance with, the conditions of any other applicable provisions of the SFA. 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Notice . The offer of the Plan, the grant of the Option, and the value of the underlying shares of Common Stock on exercise are being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the SFA. The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
 Director Notification . You understand and acknowledge that if you are a director, associate director or shadow director of a Singapore Affiliate, you are subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act, regardless of whether you are a Singapore resident or employed in Singapore. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Singapore Affiliate in writing when you receive an interest (e.g., Options or shares of Common Stock) in the Company. In addition, you must notify the Singapore Affiliate when you sell shares of Common Stock (including when you sell shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan). These notifications must be made within two days of acquiring or disposing of any interest in the Company. In addition, a notification must be made of your interests in the Company within two days of becoming a director, associate director or shadow director. 

SOUTH KOREA 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . Korean residents must declare all foreign financial accounts e.g. , non-Korean bank accounts, brokerage accounts) to the Korean tax authority and file a report with respect to such accounts if the value of such accounts exceeds KRW 500 million (or an equivalent amount in foreign currency). You should consult with your personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable requirements. 
 SPAIN 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Nature of Grant . The following provision supplements Section 5 of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants set forth above 
 In accepting the Option, you acknowledge that you consent to participation in the Plan and have received a copy of the Plan. 
 You understand that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously, and in its sole discretion decided to grant Options under the Plan to Employees, Consultants, and Directors throughout the world. The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any grant will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any Affiliate on an ongoing basis. Consequently, you understand that the Option is granted on the assumption and condition that the Option and any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan are not part of any employment contract (either with the Company or any other Affiliate) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purposes (including severance compensation), or any other right whatsoever. In addition, you understand that this grant would not be made but for the assumptions and conditions referred to above thus, you acknowledge and freely accept that, should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, then any grant of or right to the Option shall be null and void. 
 You understand and agree that, as a condition of the grant of the Option, unless otherwise provided in the Agreement, the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason (including the reasons listed below) will automatically result in the loss of the Option to the extent the Option has not vested and become exercisable as of the date you are no longer actively providing service. In particular, unless otherwise provided in the Agreement, you understand and agree that any unvested portion of the Option as of the date you are no longer actively providing service and any vested portion of the Option not exercised within the post-termination exercise period set out in this Agreement will be forfeited without entitlement to the underlying shares of Common Stock or to any amount of indemnification in the event of a termination of your Continuous Service by reason of, but not limited to, resignation, retirement, disciplinary dismissal adjudged to be with cause, disciplinary dismissal adjudged or recognized to be without good cause i.e., subject to a despido improcedente ), individual or collective dismissal on objective grounds, whether adjudged or recognized to be with or without cause, material modification of the terms of employment under Article 41 of the Workers Statute, relocation under Article 40 of the Workers Statute, Article 50 of the Workers Statute, unilateral withdrawal by the Service Recipient and under Article 10.3 of the Royal Decree 1382 1985. You acknowledge that you have read and specifically accept the conditions referred to in the Global Stock Option Agreement as well as Section 5 of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants (as supplemented by this provision). 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . No offer of securities to the public, within the meaning of Spanish law, has taken place or will take place in the Spanish territory in connection with the Option. The Plan, the Agreement and any other documents evidencing the grant of the Option have not been, nor will they be, registered with the Comisi n Nacional del Mercado de Valores (the Spanish securities regulator), and none of those documents constitutes a public offering prospectus. 

Exchange Control Information . You may be required to declare electronically to the Bank of Spain any foreign accounts (including brokerage accounts held abroad), any foreign instruments (including any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan) and any transactions with non-Spanish residents (including any payments of shares of Common Stock made to you by the Company) if the balances in such accounts and the value of such instruments as of December 31, or the volume of the transactions with non-Spanish residents during the prior or current year, exceed 1,000,000. 
 In addition, you may be required to declare electronically to the Bank of Spain any foreign accounts (including brokerage accounts held abroad), any foreign instruments (including any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan) and any transactions with non-Spanish residents (including any payments of shares of Common Stock made to you by the Company) depending on the value of such accounts and instruments and the amount of the transactions during the relevant year as of December 31 of the relevant year. 
 Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . You are required to report rights or assets deposited or held outside of Spain (including shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan or cash proceeds from the sale of such shares of Common Stock) as of December 31 of each year, if the value of such rights or assets exceeds 50,000 per type of right or asset. After such rights and or assets are initially reported, the reporting obligation will apply for subsequent years only if the value of any previously-reported rights or assets increases by more than 20,000 or if the ownership of the assets is transferred or relinquished during the year. The reporting requirement must be completed by the following March 31. 
 The exchange control and foreign asset account reporting requirements in Spain are complex. You should consult your personal legal and tax advisors to ensure compliance with the applicable requirements. 
 SWEDEN 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Authorization to Withhold . The following provision supplements Section 4 of the Global Stock Option Agreement 
 Without limiting the Company s or the Service Recipient s authority to satisfy their withholding obligations for any Tax Liability as set forth in Section 4 of the Global Stock Option Agreement, in accepting the Option, you authorize the Company and or the Service Recipient to withhold or sell shares of Common Stock otherwise deliverable to you upon exercise to satisfy any Tax Liability, regardless of whether the Company or the Service Recipient has a withholding obligation on any such Tax Liability. 
 SWITZERLAND 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the Plan (i) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA (ii) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an Employee or (iii) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority, including the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA ). 
 TAIWAN 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Securities Law Information . The offer of participation in the Plan is available only for Employees and Consultants. The offer of participation in the Plan is not a public offer of securities by a Taiwanese company. 
 Data Privacy . The following provision supplements Section 1 of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants set forth above 

You hereby acknowledge having read and understood Section 1 of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants set forth above and, by participating in the Plan, agree to such terms. In this regard, upon request of the Company or an Affiliate, you agree to provide any executed data privacy consent form (or any other agreements or consents that may be required by the Company or an Affiliate) that the Company and or an Affiliate may deem necessary under applicable data privacy laws, either now or in the future. You understand that you will not be able to participate in the Plan if you fail to execute any such consent or agreement. 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . Taiwanese residents may acquire and remit foreign currency (including proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock) into and out of Taiwan up to US 5,000,000 per year. You understand that if you are a Taiwanese resident, and the transaction amount exceeds TWD 500,000 in a single transaction, you may need to submit a foreign exchange transaction form and provide supporting documentation to the satisfaction of the remitting bank. 
 UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . Participation in the Plan is being offered only to eligible Employees, Consultants, and Directors and is in the nature of providing equity incentives. Any documents related to participation in the Plan, including the Plan, the Agreement and any other grant documents Option Documents ), are intended for distribution only to such eligible Employees, Consultants, and Directors and must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. 
 The United Arab Emirates securities or financial economic authorities have no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any Option Documents and have not approved the Option Documents nor taken steps to verify the information set out in them, and thus, are not responsible for their content. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered should conduct their own due diligence on the securities. You acknowledge that if you do not understand the contents of the Option Documents, you should consult an authorized financial advisor. 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Tax Responsibility and Satisfaction . The following provision supplements Section 4 of the Global Stock Option Agreement 
 Income tax and national insurance contributions may arise on exercise of (or any other dealing in) the Option, and you agree as a condition of exercise of the Option to meet any such Tax Liability, including your primary Class 1 and the Service Recipient s secondary Class 1 national insurance contributions NICs arising on exercise of the Option for which the Service Recipient is required to account to HM Revenue and Customs HMRC ). It is a condition of exercise of the Option that, if required by the Company or any Affiliate, you enter into such arrangements as the Company or any Affiliate may require for satisfaction of those Tax Liabilities. You acknowledge that you may be required as a condition of exercise of the Option to enter into a joint election whereby the Service Recipient s liability for NICs is transferred to you on terms set out in the election and approved by HMRC. 
 Without limitation to Section 4 of the Global Stock Option Agreement, you agree that you are responsible for all Tax Liability and hereby covenant to pay all such Tax Liability, as and when requested by the Company or an Affiliate or by HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). You also agree to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and its Affiliates against any Tax Liability they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority) on your behalf. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a director or executive officer (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act), you understand that you may not be able to indemnify the Company for the amount of any withholding obligation for Tax Liability not collected from or paid by you, in case the indemnification could be considered to be a loan. In this case, the Tax Liability not collected or paid within 90 days of the end of the U.K. tax year in which the taxable event occurs may constitute a benefit to you on which additional income tax and NICs may be payable. You understand that you will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for paying to the Company and or an Affiliate (as appropriate) the amount of any employee NICs due on this additional benefit, which may also be obtained from you by any of the means referred to in Section 4 of the Global Stock Option Agreement. 
 Participant Date 

Exhibit B 
 Unity Software Inc. 
 ironSource Share Incentive Plan 
 Denmark - Employer Statement 
 AFTALE OM TILDELING AF AKTIEOPTIONER, HERUNDER ERKL RING I HENHOLD TIL AKTIEOPTIONSLOVEN AGREEMENT CONCERNING GRANTING OF OPTIONS, INCLUDING STATEMENT PURSUANT TO THE DANISH STOCK OPTION ACT Unity Technologies ApS Loevstraede 5, DK-1152 K benhavn K Danmark (det Danske Selskab Unity Technologies ApS Loevstraede 5, DK-1152 Copenhagen K Denmark (the Danish Company og and Den i Tildelingsmeddelelsen anf rte Optionsindehaver Medarbejderen The Optionholder named in the Grant Notice (the Employee og and Unity Software Inc. 
 30 3 rd Street 
 San Francisco, California 94103 
 USA 
 Selskabet 
 Unity Software Inc. 
 30 3 rd Street 
 San Francisco, California 94103 
 USA 
 (the Company 
 indg et denne aftale (den Danske Aftale i relation til de aktieoptioner Optioner ), som Selskabet har tildelt Medarbejderen. Den Danske Aftale udg r endvidere en erkl ring til Medarbejderen i henhold til lov om brug af k beret eller tegningsret til aktier m.v. i ans ttelsesforhold Aktieoptionsloven 3, stk. 1. have entered into this agreement (the Danish Agreement concerning the stock options (the Options granted by the Company to the Employee. The Danish Agreement also constitutes a statement to the Employee pursuant to section 3 (1) of the Danish Act on the exercise of stock acquisition rights or stock subscription rights in employment relationships, etc. (the Stock Option Act ). I tilf lde af uoverensstemmelser mellem den Danske Aftale og Medarbejderens ans ttelsesaftale med det Danske Selskab har den Danske Aftale forrang. In the event of any discrepancies between the Danish Agreement and the Employee s contract of employment with the Danish Company, this Danish Agreement shall prevail. 

Selskabet har vedtaget et aktieoptionsprogram, der omfatter medarbejdere i Selskabet og dettes tilknyttede virksomheder, herunder det Danske Selskabs medarbejdere. Vilk rene for aktieoptionsprogrammet, der ogs omfatter de Optioner, der tildeles i medf r af den Danske Aftale, er fastsat i Unity Software Inc. ironSource Share Incentive Plan Planen og Unity Software Inc. Global Stock Option Agreement and Stock Option Grant Notice Aktieoptionsaftalen (Planen og Aktieoptionsaftalen ben vnes herefter samlet Aktieoptionsprogrammet ). Denne Danske Aftale er betinget af Medarbejderens indg else af Aktieoptionsaftalen. The Company has adopted a stock option program covering the employees of the Company and its affiliates, including the employees of the Danish Company. The terms of the stock option program, which also include the Options granted under the Danish Agreement, are set forth in the Unity Software Inc. ironSource Share Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Unity Software Inc. Global Stock Option Agreement and Stock Option Grant Notice (the Stock Option Agreement ), (the Plan and Stock Option Agreement are hereinafter referred to as the Stock Option Program ). This Danish Agreement is contingent on the Employee s concurrent execution of the Stock Option Agreement. Vilk rene i Aktieoptionsprogrammet finder anvendelse p Medarbejderens Optioner, medmindre den Danske Aftale fasts tter vilk r, der fraviger vilk rene i Aktieoptionsprogrammet. I s danne tilf lde har den Danske Aftales vilk r forrang. The terms of the Stock Option Program apply to the Employee s Options, unless the Danish Agreement stipulates terms that deviate from the terms of the Stock Option Program. In such situations, the terms of the Danish Agreement shall prevail. Definitioner anvendt i den Danske Aftale skal have samme betydning som i Aktieoptionsprogrammet, medmindre andet f lger af den Danske Aftale. The definitions of the Danish Agreement shall have the same meaning as the definitions of the Stock Option Program, unless otherwise provided by the Danish Agreement. 
 1 OPTIONER OG VEDERLAG 1 OPTIONS AND CONSIDERATION 1.1 Medarbejderen tildeles l bende efter Selskabets Bestyrelses Bestyrelsen diskretion re beslutning Optioner, der giver ret til at k be aktier Aktier i Selskabet. Optionerne tildeles vederlagsfrit. 1.1 The Employee is granted Options on a current basis at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board entitling the Employee to purchase shares of common stock Shares in the Company. The Options are granted free of charge. 1.2 K bsprisen pr. Aktie K bsprisen ), der betales ved udnyttelse af en Option, svarer til Markedsprisen pr. aktie for Selskabets aktier p Optionens tildelingsdag som fastsat af Bestyrelsen og i Planens punkt 7.2. 1.2 The exercise price per Share (the Exercise Price at which an Option may be exercised shall be equivalent to the Fair Market Value per share of the Company s common stock on the effective date of the grant of the Option as determined by the Board and as further specified in Section 7.2 of the Plan. 2 KRITERIER ELLER BETINGELSER FOR TILDELINGEN 2 CRITERIA OR CONDITIONS FOR THE GRANT 

2.1 Medarbejdere, konsulenter og bestyrelsesmedlemmer i Selskabet eller en tilknyttet virksomhed, der er udpeget af L nudvalget p Optionens tildelingsdag, er berettigede til at deltage i Aktieoptionsprogrammet 2.1 Employees, consultants and directors of the Company or an affiliate of the Company designated by the Committee on the effective date of the grant may be eligible to participate. 3 VRIGE VILK R 3 OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS 3.1 Optionerne tildeles i overensstemmelse med Aktieoptionsprogrammet. 3.1 The Options are granted under the Stock Option Program. 3.2 Optionerne tildeles efter L nudvalgets sk n i Aktieprogrammets l betid. 3.2 The Options are granted at the discretion of the Committee during the term of the Stock Option Program. 3.3 Optionerne optjenes efter f lgende i Tildelingsmeddelelsen anf rte skema. 3.3 The Options shall vest according to the schedule set forth in the Grant Notice. 3.4 Modningen er betinget af, at Medarbejderen er ansat i det Danske Selskab eller en anden med Selskabet koncernforbundet enhed, og der tildeles ikke Optioner og Optioner modnes ikke efter ans ttelsesforholdets oph r, uanset rsag hertil, jf. dog nedenfor. Modningen af Optioner p virkes ikke af lovreguleret orlov. 3.4 The vesting of Options is conditional on the Employee being employed with the Danish Company or another entity in the Company group and no Options are granted or shall vest after the termination of such employment, regardless of the reason for such termination, cf. however below. The vesting of Options is not influenced by statutory leave. 4 UDNYTTELSE 4 EXERCISE 4.1 Modnede Optioner kan udnyttes som fastsat i punkt 3.3. 4.1 Outstanding Options may be exercised once vested as stated in clause 3.3. 4.2 Ikke-modnede Optioner kan ikke udnyttes medmindre Bestyrelsen tr ffer anden beslutning herom. 4.2 Unvested Options cannot be exercised, unless determined otherwise specified by the Board. 4.3 Optionerne bortfalder p ti- rsdagen for tildeling. 4.3 Options expire no later than 10 years after the date of grant. 5 OPSIGELSE 5 TERMINATION 

5.1 I tilf lde af, at Medarbejderens ans ttelsesforhold oph rer p grund af Medarbejderens handicap, kan Optionen, i det omfang denne ikke er udnyttet og kan udnyttes for modnede aktier p tidspunktet, hvor Medarbejderens ans ttelse oph rer, til enhver tid udnyttes af Medarbejderen (eller Medarbejderens v rge eller juridiske repr sentant) inden udl bet af en periode p tolv (12) m neder efter fratr delsesdatoen, men under ingen omst ndigheder senere end Optionens Udl bsdato. 5.1 If the Employee s employment terminates because of the disability of the Employee, the Option, to the extent unexercised and exercisable for vested shares on the date on which the Employee s employment terminated, may be exercised by the Employee (or the Employee s guardian or legal representative) at any time prior to the expiration of twelve (12) months after the employment terminates, but in any event no later than the Option Expiration Date. 5.2 I tilf lde af, at Medarbejderens ans ttelsesforhold oph rer p grund af Medarbejderens d d, kan Optionen, i det omfang denne ikke er udnyttet og kan udnyttes for modnede aktier p tidspunktet, hvor Medarbejderens ans ttelse oph rer, til enhver tid udnyttes af Medarbejderens juridiske repr sentant eller anden person, som har opn et ret til at udnytte Optionen som f lge af Medarbejderens d d, inden udl bet af en periode p tolv (12) m neder efter fratr delsesdatoen, men under ingen omst ndigheder senere end Optionens Udl bsdato. Medarbejderens ans ttelse anses for oph rt p grund af d d, hvis Medarbejderen d r inden for tre (3) m neder efter fratr delsesdatoen. Endvidere kan, i det i Tildelingsmeddelelsen anf rte omfang, modningen af ikke-modnede Optioner accelereres efter fratr den p grund af d d. 5.2 If the Employee s employment terminates because of the death of the Employee, the Option, to the extent unexercised and exercisable for vested shares on the date on which the Employee s employment terminated, may be exercised by the Employee s legal representative or other person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by reason of the Employee s death at any time prior to the expiration of twelve (12) months after the employment terminates, but in any event no later than the Option Expiration Date. The Employee s employment shall be deemed to have terminated on account of death if the Participant dies within three (3) months after the employment terminates. Further, to the extent set forth in the Grant Notice, the vesting of unvested Options may be accelerated upon termination due to death. 5.3 I tilf lde af det Danske Selskabs opsigelse bortvisning som f lge af Medarbejderens misligholdelse af ans ttelsesaftalen bortfalder Medarbejderens ikke- udnyttede Optioner uden kompensation pr. ans ttelsesforholdets oph r. 5.3 If the Danish Company terminates summarily dismisses the Employee due the Employee s breach of the employment agreement, all Options, which have not been exercised at the time of termination, will lapse without further notice or compensation as of the date the employment terminates. 

5.4 I tilf lde af det Danske Selskabs opsigelse af Medarbejderen af andre rsager, bortset fra handicap, d d eller misligholdelse af ans ttelsesaftalen, kan Optionen, i det omfang denne ikke er udnyttet og kan udnyttes for modnede aktier p tidspunktet, hvor Medarbejderens ans ttelse oph rer, til enhver tid udnyttes af Medarbejderen inden udl bet af en periode p tre (3) m neder efter fratr delsesdatoen, men under ingen omst ndigheder senere end Optionens Udl bsdato. 5.4 If the Danish Company terminates dismisses the Employee for any other reason, except Disability, death or breach of the employment agreement, the Option, to the extent unexercised and exercisable for vested shares by the Employee on the date on which the Employee s employment is terminated, may be exercised by the Employee at any time prior to the expiration of three (3) months after the employment terminates, but in any event no later than the Option Expiration Date. 6 REGULERING AF OPTIONER 6 ADJUSTMENT OF THE OPTIONS 6.1 Regulering ved kapital ndringer 6.1 Adjustment in connection with capital changes Ved en ndring i antallet af udest ende Ordin re Aktier som f lge af en ndring i Selskabets kapitalstruktur uden vederlag s som aktieudbytte, rekapitalisering, aktiesplit, omvendt aktiesplit, opdeling og omklassificering, kan der, som yderligere reguleret i Aktieoptionsprogrammet, gennemf res justeringer, der kan p virke Aktieoptionsprogrammet, herunder en justering af antallet af samt klassen af de Ordin re Aktier, der kan opn s i henhold til Programmet, af K bsprisen pr. aktie og af det antal Ordin re Aktier for hver option i henhold til Programmet, der endnu ikke er udnyttet. As further set out in the Stock Option Program, if the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is changed by a modification in the capital structure of the Company without consideration such as a stock dividend, recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, subdivision or reclassification then adjustments may be made that may impact the Stock Option Program including adjusting of the number and class of Common Stock that may be delivered under the Stock Option Program, the Exercise Price per share and the number of shares of Common Stock covered by each option under the Stock Option Program which has not yet been exercised. 6.2 Andre ndringer 6.2 Other changes S fremt der sker ndring i Selskabets ejerforhold, kan der ske andre ndringer i Aktieoptionsprogrammet, som beskrevet deri. If there is a change in control of the Company adjustments may be made to the Stock Option Program as further set out therein. 6.3 L nudvalgets regulering af Optioner 6.3 Committee s regulation of Options L nudvalgets bemyndigelse til at regulere Optionerne i de i punkt 6 omhandlede situationer er underlagt punkt 6 i Planen og punkt 7 i Aktieoptionsaftalen. The Committee s authority to regulate the Options in the situations comprised by this section 6 shall be governed by section 6 of the Plan and section 7 of the Stock Option Agreement. 7 KONOMISKE ASPEKTER VED DELTAGELSE I ORDNINGEN 7 THE FINANCIAL ASPECTS OF PARTICIPATING IN THE SCHEME 

7.1 Optionerne er risikobetonede v rdipapirer, der er afh ngige af aktiemarkedet og Selskabets resultater. Som f lge heraf er der ingen garanti for, at udnyttelsen af Optionerne udl ser en fortjeneste. Optionerne skal ikke medregnes ved opg relsen af feriepenge, fratr delsesgodtg relse, godtg relse eller kompensation fastsat ved lov, pension og lignende. 7.1 The Options are risky securities influenced by the capital market and the Company s results. Consequently, there is no guarantee that the exercise of the Options will trigger a profit. The Options are not to be included in the calculation of holiday allowance, severance pay, statutory allowance and compensation, pension and similar payments. 8 SKATTEM SSIGE FORHOLD 8 TAX MATTERS 8.1 De skattem ssige konsekvenser for Medarbejderen som f lge af tildelingen af Optionerne og den efterf lgende udnyttelse heraf er det Danske Selskab og Selskabet uvedkommende. Det Danske Selskab opfordrer Medarbejderen til selvst ndigt at indhente r dgivning om den skattem ssige behandling af tildeling og udnyttelse af Optionerne. 8.1 Any tax consequences for the Employee arising out of the Options and the exercise thereof are of no concern to the Danish Company or the Company. The Danish Company encourages the Employee to obtain individual tax advice in relation to the effect of grant and exercise of the Options. 9 OVERDRAGELSE OG PANTS TNING AF WARRANTS MV. 9 TRANSFER AND PLEDGING OF OPTIONS, ETC. 9.1 Optionerne er personlige og kan hverken s lges, bortgives, pants ttes eller p anden m de overdrages til tredjemand, frivilligt eller ved udl g. 9.1 The Options are personal instruments that cannot be sold, given away, pledged or otherwise transferred to a third party, whether voluntarily or by execution. 9.2 Udover at udg re en selvst ndig erkl ring i henhold til Aktieoptionsloven 3, stk. 1, udg r Aftalen en integreret del af Medarbejderens ans ttelsesaftale med det Danske Selskab og er undergivet dansk lovgivning. 9.2 In addition to constituting a statement in accordance with section 3 (1) of the Danish Stock Option Act, this Agreement constitutes an integral part of the Employee s contract of employment with the Danish Company and is subject to Danish law. 

Unity Software Inc. 
 ironSource Share Incentive Plan 
 RSU Award Grant Notice 
 Unity Software Inc. (the Company has awarded to you (the Participant the number of restricted stock units specified and on the terms set forth below (the RSU Award ). Your RSU Award is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein and in the Company s ironSource Share Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, including any country-specific appendices thereto (the Appendix ), which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined herein but defined in the Plan or the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or the Agreement. 
 Participant Date of Grant Vesting Commencement Date Number of Restricted Stock Units 
 Vesting Schedule ___________________________________________________ . Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as set forth below, vesting shall terminate upon the Participant s termination of Continuous Service. 
 If the Participant s Continuous Service terminates because of the Participant s death (i) within the first year of the Participant s Continuous Service, then 50 of the Number of Restricted Stock Units as set forth above shall vest effective as of immediately prior to the effective time of such termination or (ii) on or following the first year of the Participant s Continuous Service, then 100 of the Number of Restricted Stock Units set forth above shall vest effective as of immediately prior to the effective time of such termination. 
 Issuance Schedule One share of Common Stock shall be issued for each restricted stock unit which vests at the time set forth in Section 5 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 
 Participant Acknowledgements By your signature below or by electronic acceptance or authentication in a form authorized by the Company, you understand and agree that 
 The RSU Award is governed by this RSU Award Grant Notice (the Grant Notice ), and the provisions of the Plan and the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (including the Appendix), all of which are made a part of this document. This Grant Notice, the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and the Appendix (collectively, the Agreement may not be modified, amended or revised except in a writing signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company, unless otherwise provided in the Plan. 
 You have read and are familiar with the provisions of the Plan, the Agreement and the Prospectus. In the event of any conflict between the provisions in this Agreement (including the Grant Notice, the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and the Appendix) or the Prospectus and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control. 
 The Agreement sets forth the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding the acquisition of Common Stock and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements, promises and or representations on that subject with the exception of (i) other equity awards previously granted to you, and (ii) any written employment agreement, offer letter, severance agreement, written severance plan or policy, or other written agreement between the Company and you in each case that specifies the terms that should govern this RSU Award. 

You consent to receive the Agreement, the Plan, the Prospectus and any other Plan-related documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or other applicable law) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered will be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 
 UNITY SOFTWARE INC. PARTICIPANT By Signature Signature Title Date Date 

Unity Software Inc. 
 ironsource share Incentive Plan 
 Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (RSU Award) 
 As reflected by your RSU Award Grant Notice Grant Notice Unity Software Inc. (the Company has granted you a RSU Award under its ironSource Share Incentive Plan (the Plan for the number of restricted stock units as indicated in your Grant Notice (the RSU Award ). The terms of your RSU Award as specified in this Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for your RSU Award, including the Appendix as defined below and the Grant Notice constitute your Agreement (the Grant Notice, Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and Appendix, collectively, are referred to as the Agreement ). Defined terms not explicitly defined in this Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement but defined in the Grant Notice or the Plan shall have the same definitions as in the Grant Notice or Plan, as applicable 
 The general terms applicable to your RSU Award are as follows 
 1. Governing Plan Document. Your RSU Award is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, including but not limited to the provisions in 
 (a) Section 13 of the Plan regarding the impact of a Capitalization Adjustment, dissolution, liquidation, or Corporate Transaction on your RSU Award 
 (b) Section 16 of the Plan regarding the tax consequences of your RSU Award. 
 (c) Section 19 of the Plan regarding the Company s retained rights to terminate your Continuous Service notwithstanding the grant of the RSU Award and 
 Your RSU Award is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the RSU Award Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. 
 2. Grant of the RSU Award. This RSU Award represents your right to be issued on a future date the number of shares of Common Stock that is equal to the Number of Restricted Stock Units indicated in the Grant Notice as modified to reflect any Capitalization Adjustment and subject to your satisfaction of the vesting conditions set forth therein (the Restricted Stock Units ). Any additional Restricted Stock Units that become subject to the RSU Award pursuant to Capitalization Adjustments as set forth in the Plan, if any, shall be subject, in a manner determined by the Board, to the same forfeiture restrictions, restrictions on transferability, and time and manner of delivery as applicable to the other Restricted Stock Units covered by your RSU Award. 
 3. Dividends. You shall receive no benefit or adjustment to your RSU Award with respect to any cash dividend, stock dividend or other distribution that does not result from a Capitalization Adjustment as provided in the Plan provided, however, that this sentence shall not apply with respect to any shares of Common Stock that are delivered to you in connection with your RSU Award after such shares have been delivered to you. 

4. Withholding Obligations. 
 (a) Regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the Affiliate to which you provide Continuous Service (the Service Recipient with respect to any income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items associated with the grant or vesting of the RSU Award or sale of the underlying Common Stock or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you (the Tax Liability ), you hereby acknowledge and agree that the Tax Liability is your ultimate responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Service Recipient. You further acknowledge that the Company and the Service Recipient (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding any Tax Liability in connection with any aspect of this RSU Award, including, but not limited to, the grant or vesting of the RSU Award, the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to such vesting, the subsequent sale of shares of Common Stock, and the payment of any dividends on the Common Stock and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the RSU Award to reduce or eliminate your Tax Liability or achieve a particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to Tax Liability in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Service Recipient (or former service recipient, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Liability in more than one jurisdiction. As further provided in Section 16.5 of the Plan, you hereby authorize the Company and any applicable Service Recipient to satisfy any applicable withholding obligations with regard to the Tax Liability by any of the following means or by a combination of such means (1) causing you to pay any portion of the Tax Liability in cash (2) withholding from any compensation otherwise payable to you by the Company or the Service Recipient (3) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to you in connection with the Award provided , however, that to the extent necessary to qualify for an exemption from application of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, if applicable, such share withholding procedure will be subject to the express prior approval of the Board or the Committee and or (iv) permitting or requiring you to enter into a same day sale commitment, if applicable, with a broker-dealer that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (a FINRA Dealer ), pursuant to this authorization and without further consent, whereby you irrevocably elect to sell a portion of the shares of Common Stock to be delivered in connection with your Restricted Stock Units to satisfy the Tax Liability and whereby the FINRA Dealer irrevocably commits to forward the proceeds necessary to satisfy the Tax Liability directly to the Company or the Service Recipient. Furthermore, you agree to pay the Company or the Service Recipient any amount the Company or the Service Recipient may be required to withhold, collect or pay as a result of your participation in the Plan or that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. In the event the obligation of the Company or applicable Service Recipient with respect to the Tax Liability arises prior to the delivery to you of Common Stock or it is determined after the delivery of Common Stock to you that the amount of the Tax Liability was greater than the amount withheld by the Company and or the Service Recipient (as applicable), you agree to indemnify and hold the Company and or the Service Recipient (as applicable) harmless from any failure by the Company or the applicable Service Recipient to withhold the proper amount. 
 (b) The Company may withhold or account for your Tax Liability by considering statutory withholding amounts or other withholding rates applicable in your jurisdiction(s), including (i) maximum applicable rates, in which case you may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash (whether from applicable tax authorities or the Company) and will have no entitlement to the equivalent amount in Common Stock or (ii) minimum or such other applicable rates, in which case you may be solely responsible for paying any additional Tax Liability to the applicable tax authorities. If the Tax Liability is satisfied by withholding shares of Common Stock, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Common Stock subject to the vested portion of the RSU Award, notwithstanding that a number of the shares of Common Stock is held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax Liability. 
 (c) You acknowledge that you may not participate in the Plan and the Company shall have no obligation to deliver shares of Common Stock until you have fully satisfied the Tax Liability, as determined by the Company. Unless any withholding obligation for the Tax Liability is satisfied, the Company shall have no obligation to deliver to you any Common Stock in respect of the RSU Award. 

5. Date of Issuance. 
 (a) The issuance of shares in respect of the Restricted Stock Units is intended to comply with U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(a) and will be construed and administered in such a manner. Subject to the satisfaction of the Tax Liability withholding obligation, if any, in the event one or more Restricted Stock Units vests, the Company shall issue to you one (1) share of Common Stock for each vested Restricted Stock Unit. Each issuance date determined by this paragraph is referred to as an Original Issuance Date . 
 (b) If the Original Issuance Date falls on a date that is not a business day, delivery shall instead occur on the next following business day. In addition, if 
 (i) the Original Issuance Date does not occur (1) during an open window period applicable to you, as determined by the Company in accordance with the Company s then-effective policy on trading in Company securities, or (2) on a date when you are otherwise permitted to sell shares of Common Stock on an established stock exchange or stock market (including but not limited to under a previously established written trading plan that meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act and was entered into in compliance with the Company s policies (a 10b5-1 Arrangement )), and 
 (ii) either (1) a Tax Liability withholding obligation does not apply, or (2) the Company decides, prior to the Original Issuance Date, (A) not to satisfy the Tax Liability withholding obligation by withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares otherwise due, on the Original Issuance Date, to you under this Award, and (B) not to permit you to enter into a same day sale commitment with a broker-dealer (including but not limited to a commitment under a 10b5-1 Arrangement) and (C) not to permit you to pay your Tax Liability in cash, 
 then the shares that would otherwise be issued to you on the Original Issuance Date will not be delivered on such Original Issuance Date and will instead be delivered on the first business day when you are not prohibited from selling shares of the Common Stock in the open public market, but in no event later than December 31 of the calendar year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs (that is, the last day of your taxable year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs), or, if and only if permitted in a manner that complies with U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), no later than the date that is the 15th day of the third calendar month of the applicable year following the year in which the shares of Common Stock under this Award are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(d). 
 6. Transferability. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, your RSU Award is not transferable, except by will or by the applicable laws of descent and distribution 
 7. Corporate Transaction. Your RSU Award is subject to the terms of any agreement governing a Corporate Transaction involving the Company, including, without limitation, a provision for the appointment of a stockholder representative that is authorized to act on your behalf with respect to any escrow, indemnities and any contingent consideration. 
 8. No Liability for Taxes . As a condition to accepting the RSU Award, you hereby (a) agree to not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, employees or Affiliates related to Tax Liability arising from the RSU Award or other compensation from the Company or the Service Recipient and (b) acknowledge that you were advised to consult with your own personal tax, financial and other legal advisors regarding the tax consequences of the RSU Award and have either done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. 
 9. Severability . If any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of this Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid will, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 

10. Other Documents. You hereby acknowledge receipt of or the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Prospectus. In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company s Trading Policy. 
 11. Questions. If you have questions regarding these or any other terms and conditions applicable to your RSU Award, including a summary of the applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences, please see the Prospectus. 
 12. Lock-Up. By accepting this RSU Award, you agree that you will not sell, dispose of, transfer, make any short sale of, grant any option for the purchase of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a sale with respect to any shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company held by you, for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days following the effective date of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act or such longer period as the underwriters or the Company will request to facilitate compliance with FINRA Rule 2241 or any successor or similar rules or regulation (the Lock-Up Period provided, however , that nothing contained in this section will prevent the exercise of a repurchase option, if any, in favor of the Company during the Lock-Up Period. You further agree to execute and deliver such other agreements as may be reasonably requested by the Company or the underwriters that are consistent with the foregoing or that are necessary to give further effect thereto. In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to your shares of Common Stock until the end of such period. You also agree that any transferee of any shares of Common Stock (or other securities) of the Company held by you will be bound by this Section 12. The underwriters of the Company s stock are intended third party beneficiaries of this Section 12 and will have the right, power and authority to enforce the provisions hereof as though they were a party hereto . 
 13. Venue . For purposes of any action, lawsuit, or other proceedings brought to enforce this Agreement, relating to it, or arising from it, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of California, or the federal courts for Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this grant is made and or to be performed. 
 14. Waiver. You acknowledge that a waiver by the Company of any provision, or breach thereof, of this Agreement on any occasion shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of such provision on any other occasion or as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other Participant. 
 15. Appendix . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the RSU Award shall be subject to any additional or different terms and conditions set forth in the Appendix to this Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for your country (the Appendix set forth as Exhibit A to this Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the additional or different terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendix constitutes part of this Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 

EXHIBIT A 
 Unity Software Inc. 
 IronSource Share Incentive Plan 
 Appendix to Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 Terms and Conditions 
 This Appendix includes additional terms and conditions that govern the RSU Award granted to you under the Plan if you reside and or work outside of the United States. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan and or the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement to which this Appendix is attached. 
 If you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently working and or residing, transfer to another country after the Date of Grant, or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the Company shall, in its discretion, determine the extent to which the terms and conditions contained herein shall be applicable to you. 
 Notifications 
 This Appendix also includes information regarding securities, exchange controls, tax, and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to your participation in the Plan. The information is provided solely for the convenience of you and is based on the securities, exchange control, tax, and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of November 2022. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information noted herein as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date by the time you vest in the RSU Award or sell any shares of Common Stock acquired at vesting of the RSU Award. 
 In addition, the information contained in this Appendix is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure you of any particular result. Accordingly, you should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the applicable laws in your country may apply to your situation. 
 Finally, you understand that if you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently residing and or working, transfer to another country after the Date of Grant, or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the notifications contained herein may not be applicable to you in the same manner. 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO NON-U.S. PARTICIPANTS 
 In accepting the RSU Award, you acknowledge, understand and agree to the following 
 1. Data Privacy Information . The Company is located at 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States, and grants Awards to employees of the Company and its Affiliates, at the Company s sole discretion. If you would like to participate in the Plan, please review the following information about the Company s data processing practices. 
 The following provision applies to Participants who work and or reside outside the European Union European Economic Area. 
 Data Collection and Usage. You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in the Grant Notice and the Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Company, the Service Recipient and other Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 

Data Processing. You understand that the Company and the Service Recipient hold certain personal information about you, including, without limitation, your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality and citizenship, job title, any shares of Common Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Awards or other entitlements to shares of Common Stock, granted, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data ), for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
 Stock Plan Administration, Data Transfer, Retention and Data Subject Rights . You understand that the Data will be transferred to the Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (including its affiliated companies) Schwab ), Equity Plan Solutions EPS ), and or such other stock plan service provider as the Company may select to assist the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in your country of work and or residence, or elsewhere, and that any recipient s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country of work and or residence. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the Company, Schwab, EPS and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your Continuous Service will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you the RSU Award or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusal or withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 The following provision applies to Participants who work and or reside inside the European Union European Economic Area (including Switzerland and the United Kingdom). 
 Data Collection and Usage . The Company, the Service Recipient, and other Affiliates collect, process, transfer and use personal data about you that is necessary for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. This personal data may include your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality and citizenship, job title, any shares of Common Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Awards or other entitlements to shares of Common Stock, granted, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data ), which the Company receives from you or the Service Recipient. 
 Purposes and Legal Bases of Processing . The Company processes the Data for the purpose of performing its contractual obligations under the Agreement, granting RSU Award, implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. The legal basis for the processing of the Data by the Company and the third party service providers described below is the necessity of the data processing for the Company to perform its contractual obligations under the Agreement and for the Company s legitimate business interests of managing the Plan and generally administering employee equity awards. 

Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Company transfers Data to Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (including its affiliated companies) Schwab ), Equity Plan Solutions EPS ), independent service providers with operations, relevant to the Company, in Canada and the United States, and or such other stock plan service provider as the Company may select to assist the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. In the future, the Company may select a different service provider and share your Data with another service provider that serves in a similar manner. The Company s service provider may open an account for you to receive and trade shares of Common Stock. The processing of your Data will take place through both electronic and non-electronic means. You may be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with Schwab, EPS, or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company, with such agreement being a condition of the ability to participate in the Plan. 
 International Data Transfers . You understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country e.g ., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any then-current recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. When transferring Data to its affiliates, Schwab, EPS, or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company, the Company provides appropriate safeguards described in the Company s applicable policy on data privacy. 
 Data Retention . The Company will use your Data only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan or as required to comply with Applicable Laws, exercise or defense of legal rights, or archiving, deletion, and backup purposes. When the Company no longer needs your Data, the Company will remove it from its systems to the fullest extent reasonably practicable. The Company may keep some of your Data longer to satisfy legal or regulatory obligations and the Company s legal basis for such use would be necessary to comply with legal obligations. 
 Contractual Requirement . Your provision of Data and its processing as described above is a contractual requirement and a condition to your ability to participate in the Plan. You understand that, as a consequence of your refusing to provide Data, the Company may not be able to allow you to participate in the Plan, grant RSU Awards to you or administer or maintain such RSU Awards. However, your participation in the Plan and your acceptance of the Agreement are purely voluntary. While you will not receive the RSU Award if you decide against participating in the Plan or providing Data as described above, your career and salary will not be affected in any way. 
 Data Subject Rights . You have a number of rights under data privacy laws in your country. Depending on where you are based, your rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of your Data the Company processes, (ii) rectify incorrect Data and or delete your Data, (iii) restrict processing of your Data, (iv) portability of your Data, (v) lodge complaints with the competent data protection authorities in your country and or (vi) obtain a list with the names and addresses of any recipients of your Data. To receive clarification regarding your rights or to exercise your rights please contact the Company at Unity Software Inc., stockadmin unity3d.com, Attn Stock Administrator. 
 2. Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . You acknowledge that, depending on your country, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws in applicable jurisdictions, which may affect your ability to directly or indirectly accept, acquire, sell or attempt to sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Common Stock or rights to the shares of Common Stock, or rights linked to the value of Common Stock during such times as you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by Applicable Laws). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders placed by you before possessing the inside information. Furthermore, you may be prohibited from (i) disclosing inside information to any third party, including fellow employees (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them to otherwise buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and you should speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 

3. Language . You acknowledge that you are sufficiently proficient in English, or have consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English, so as to allow you to understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Furthermore, if you have received this Agreement, or any other document related to the RSU Award and or the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 4. Foreign Asset Account Reporting Requirements . You acknowledge that there may be certain foreign asset and or account, exchange control and or tax reporting requirements which may affect your ability to acquire or hold shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including any proceeds arising from the sale of shares of Common Stock or the payment of any cash dividends on the Common Stock) in a bank or brokerage account outside your country. The applicable laws of your country may require that you report such accounts, assets, the balances therein, the value thereof and or the transactions related thereto to the applicable authorities in such country. You also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of participating in the Plan to your country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. It is your responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and you should speak with your personal advisor on this matter. 
 5. Additional Acknowledgments and Agreements . In accepting the RSU Award, you also acknowledge, understand and agree that 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature, and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 (b) the grant of the RSU Award is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of restricted stock units, or benefits in lieu of restricted stock units, even if restricted stock units have been granted in the past 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future RSU Awards or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (d) the RSU Award and your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company, the Service Recipient, or any other Affiliate, and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Service Recipient or any other Affiliate, as applicable, to terminate your employment or service relationship at any time 
 (e) You are voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 (f) the RSU Award and any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 (g) the RSU Award and the shares of Common Stock subject to the RSU Award, and the income from and value of same, are an extraordinary item of compensation outside the scope of your employment or service contract, if any, and are not to be considered part of your normal or expected compensation for any purpose, including but not limited to calculating severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, holiday pay, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments 
 (h) the future value of the shares of Common Stock underlying the RSU Award is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty 

(i) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the RSU Award and the shares of Common Stock underlying the RSU Award, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, service you may provide as a director of an Affiliate 
 (j) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the RSU Award resulting from the termination of your Continuous Service (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of labor laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing service or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) 
 (k) for purposes of the RSU Award, your Continuous Service will be considered terminated as of the date you are no longer actively providing service (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of Applicable Laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing service or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), and unless otherwise determined by the Company or provided in the Agreement, your right to vest in the RSU Award will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period e.g. , your period of Continuous Service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under Applicable Laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing service or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing service for purposes of the RSU Award (including whether you may still be considered to be providing service while on a leave of absence) 
 (l) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the RSU Award and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the RSU Award or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the shares of the Company 
 (m) the RSU Award and the shares of Common Stock subject to the RSU Award are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose and 
 (n) neither the Company, the Service Recipient nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the RSU Award or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the vesting of the RSU Award or the subsequent sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired upon vesting. 
 AUSTRALIA 
 Notifications 
 Nature of Plan . The Plan is a plan to which Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) applies (subject to the conditions in that Act). 
 Securities Law Information . This RSU Award is being made under Division 1A Part 7.12 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). If you offer shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan for sale to a person or entity resident in Australia, your offer may be subject to disclosure requirements under Australian law. You should obtain legal advice on any disclosure obligations prior to making any such offer. 
 Exchange Control Obligations . If you are an Australian resident, exchange control reporting is required for cash transactions exceeding AUD 10,000 and for international fund transfers. If an Australian bank is assisting with the transaction, the bank will file the report on your behalf. If there is no Australian bank involved with the transfer, you will be required to file the report. 

BELGIUM 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . Belgian residents are required to report any security or bank accounts (including brokerage accounts) opened and maintained outside Belgium on their annual tax return. In a separate report, they must provide the National Bank of Belgium with certain details regarding such foreign accounts (including the account number, bank name and country in which such account was opened). The forms to complete this report are available on the website of the National Bank of Belgium. 
 CANADA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Settlement . The following provision supplements Section 5 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 Notwithstanding any discretion in the Plan or anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the RSU Award shall be settled only in shares of Common Stock. This provision is without prejudice to the application of Section 4 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 Termination of Service . The following provision replaces Section 5(k) of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants set forth above 
 For purposes of the RSU Award, your Continuous Service will be considered terminated on, and your right (if any) to earn, seek damages in lieu of, vest in or otherwise benefit from any portion of the RSU Award pursuant to the Agreement will be measured by the date that is the earliest of (i) the date of termination of your Continuous Service or (ii) the date you receive notice of termination from the Service Recipient, in either case regardless of any period during notice, pay in lieu of such notice or related payments or damages are provided or required to be provided under Applicable Law. For greater certainty, you will not earn or be entitled to any pro-rated vesting for the portion of time before the date on which your right to vest terminates, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if applicable employment standards legislation explicitly requires continued entitlement to vesting during a statutory notice period, your right to vest in the RSU Award under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the last day of the your minimum statutory notice period, but you will not earn or be entitled to pro-rated vesting if the vesting date falls after the end of the your statutory notice period, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting 
 The following provisions will apply if you are a resident of Quebec 
 Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information . The following provision supplements Section 1 of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants set forth above 
 You hereby authorize the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. You acknowledge that your Data, including any sensitive personal information, may be transferred or disclosed outside of the province of Quebec, including to the United States. You further authorize the Company and or any Affiliate to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. You further authorize the Company and any Affiliate to record such information and to keep such information in your employee file. If applicable, you also acknowledge that the Company, the Service Recipient, and or any Affiliate, Schwab, EPS and other service providers designated by the Company may use technology for profiling purposes and make automated decisions that may have an impact on your participation in the Plan or the administration of the Plan. 

Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . The sale or other disposal of the Shares acquired at vesting of the RSU may not take place within Canada. You will be permitted to sell or dispose of any shares of Common Stock under the Plan only if such sale or disposal takes place outside Canada on the facilities on which such shares are traded i.e. , the New York Stock Exchange). 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . You are required to report any foreign specified property on form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total value of the foreign specified property exceeds C 100,000 at any time in the year. Foreign specified property includes shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, and may include the RSU Award. The RSU Award must be reported (generally at a nil cost) if the 100,000 cost threshold is exceeded because of other foreign property you hold. If shares of Common Stock are acquired, their cost generally is the adjusted cost base ACB of the shares of Common Stock. The ACB ordinarily would equal the fair market value of the Common Stock at the time of acquisition, but if you owns other shares of Common Stock, this ACB may have to be averaged with the ACB of the other shares of Common Stock. The form must be filed by April 30 of the following year. You should consult with your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting obligations. 
 CHINA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 The following provisions apply to you if you are subject to exchange control restrictions imposed by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE ), as determined by the Company in its sole discretion 
 Vesting of RSU Award . The following provision supplements Section 5 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 1.2 In addition to the vesting schedule set forth in the Grant Notice, the vesting of the RSU Award is conditioned on the Company s completion of a registration of the Plan with the SAFE and on the continued effectiveness of such registration (the SAFE Registration Requirement ). In the event that the SAFE Registration Requirement has not been met prior to any date(s) on which the RSU Award is otherwise scheduled to vest, the vesting date for any such RSU Award shall instead occur once the SAFE Registration Requirement is met, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion (the Actual Vesting Date ). 
 If or to the extent the Company is unable to complete or maintain the SAFE registration, no shares of Common Stock subject to the RSU Award for which a SAFE registration cannot be completed or maintained shall be issued. 
 Forced Sale of Shares . The Company has discretion to arrange for the sale of the shares of Common Stock issued upon settlement of the RSU Award, either immediately upon settlement or at any time thereafter. In any event, if your Continuous Service is terminated, you will be required to sell all shares of Common Stock acquired upon settlement of the RSU Award within such time period as required by the Company in accordance with SAFE requirements. Any shares of Common Stock remaining in your brokerage account at the end of this period shall be sold by the broker (on your behalf and you hereby authorize such sale). You agree to sign any additional agreements, forms and or consents that reasonably may be requested by the Company (or the Company s designated broker) to effectuate the sale of shares of Common Stock (including, without limitation, as to the transfer of the sale proceeds and other exchange control matters noted below) and shall otherwise cooperate with the Company with respect to such matters. You acknowledge that neither the Company nor the designated broker is under any obligation to arrange for the sale of shares of Common Stock at any particular price (it being understood that the sale will occur in the market) and that broker s fees and similar expenses may be incurred in any such sale. In any event, when the shares of Common Stock are sold, the sale proceeds, less any withholding of Tax Liability, broker s fees or commissions, and any similar expenses of the sale will be remitted to you in accordance with applicable exchange control laws and regulations. 

Due to fluctuations in the price of the Common Stock and or the U.S. Dollar exchange rate between the settlement date and (if later) the date on which the shares of Common Stock are sold, the sale proceeds may be more or less than the fair market value of the shares of Common Stock on the vesting date (which is the amount relevant to determining your Tax Liability). You understand and agrees that the Company is not responsible for the amount of any loss you may incur and that the Company assumes no liability for any fluctuation in the price of Common Stock and or U.S. Dollar exchange rate. 
 Shares Must Remain With Company s Designated Broker . You agree to hold any shares of Common Stock received upon settlement of the RSU Award with the Company s designated broker until the shares of Common Stock are sold. The limitation shall apply to all shares of Common Stock issued to you under the Plan, whether or not you remain in Continuous Service. 
 Exchange Control Obligations . You understand and agree that you will be required to immediately repatriate to China the proceeds from the sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan and any cash dividends paid on such shares of Common Stock. You further understand that such repatriation of proceeds may need to be effected through a special bank account established by the Company (or an Affiliate), and you hereby consent and agree that any sale proceeds and cash dividends may be transferred to such special account by the Company (or an Affiliate) on your behalf prior to being delivered to you and that no interest shall be paid with respect to funds held in such account. 
 The proceeds may be paid to you in U.S. dollars or local currency at the Company s discretion. If the proceeds are paid to you in U.S. dollars, you understand that a U.S. dollar bank account in China must be established and maintained so that the proceeds may be deposited into such account. If the proceeds are paid to you in local currency, you acknowledge that the Company (and its Affiliates) are under no obligation to secure any particular exchange conversion rate and that the Company (and its Affiliates) may face delays in converting the proceeds to local currency due to exchange control restrictions. You agree to bear any currency fluctuation risk between the time the shares of Common Stock are sold and the net proceeds are converted into local currency and distributed to you. You further agree to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company (or its Affiliates) in the future in order to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements in China. 
 COLOMBIA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Nature of Grant . Pursuant to article 127 of the Colombian Labor Code, neither the RSU Award nor any proceeds or other funds you may receive pursuant to the RSU Award will be considered a salary payment for any legal purpose, including, but not limited to, determining vacation pay, termination indemnities, payroll taxes or social insurance contributions. In consequence, the RSU Award and any proceeds or other funds you may receive pursuant to the RSU Award will be considered as non-salary payments as per Article 128 of the Colombian Labor Code (as amended by Article 15 of Law 50 of 1990) and Article 17 of Law 344 of 1996. 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . The shares of Common Stock are not and will not be registered in the Colombian registry of publicly traded securities Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores and, therefore, the Shares may not be offered to the public in Colombia. Nothing in the Grant Notice, the Agreement, the Plan or any other document related to the RSU Award shall be construed as the making of a public offer of securities in Colombia. 
 Exchange Control Information . You are responsible for complying with any and all Colombian foreign exchange requirements in connection with the RSU Award, any shares of Common Stock acquired and funds remitted into Colombia in connection with the Plan. This may include, among others, reporting obligations to the Central Bank Banco de la Rep blica and, in certain circumstances, repatriation requirements. You are responsible for ensuring your compliance with any applicable requirements and should speak to your personal legal advisor on this matter. 

Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . You must file an annual return providing details of assets held abroad to the Colombian Tax Office Direcci n de Impuestos y Aduanas Nacionales ). If the individual value of these assets exceeds a certain threshold (currently 2,000 UVT) , you must identify and characterize each asset, specify the jurisdiction in which it is located, and provide its value. 
 You should consult with your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable requirements. 
 CZECH REPUBLIC 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . Czech residents may be required to fulfill certain notification duties in relation to the RSU Award and the opening and maintenance of a foreign account. Such notification will be required if the aggregate value of your foreign direct investments is CZK 2,500,000 or more, you have CZK 200,000,000 or more in foreign financial assets, or you are specifically requested to do so by the Czech National Bank. However, because exchange control regulations may change without notice, you should consult your personal legal advisor prior to the settlement of the RSU Award to ensure compliance with current regulations. It is your responsibility to comply with applicable Czech exchange control laws. 
 DENMARK 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Stock Option Act Notification . You acknowledge you have been provided with an Employer statement translated into Danish, which is being provided to comply with the Danish Stock Option Act. The Employer statement is attached hereto as Exhibit B. 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . If you establish an account holding shares of Common Stock or cash outside Denmark, you must report the account to the Danish Tax Administration. The form which should be used in this respect can be obtained from a local bank. 
 FINLAND 
 There are no country-specific terms. 
 FRANCE 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Type of RSU Award . The RSU Award is not intended to qualify for specific tax or social security treatment in France. 
 Language Consent . By accepting the RSU Award, you confirm having read and understood the documents relating to this grant (the Plan and the Agreement), which were provided in English language. You accept the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 En acceptant l attribution, vous confirmez ainsi avoir lu et compris les documents relatifs cette attribution (le Plan et ce Contrat) qui ont t communiqu s en langue anglaise. Vous acceptez les termes en connaissance de cause. 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Notification . French residents holding cash or securities (including shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan) outside France must declare such accounts to the French Tax Authorities when filing their annual tax returns. 

GERMANY 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Notification . Cross-border payments in excess of 12,500 (including transactions made in connection with the sale of securities) must be reported monthly to the German Federal Bank Bundesbank using the General Statistics Reporting Portal Allgemeines Meldeportal Statistik available via Bundesbank s website www.bundesbank.de ). In addition, you may be required to report the acquisition and or sale of shares of Common Stock to the Bundesbank if the value of the shares of Common Stock acquired or sold exceeds 12,500. You should consult your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting requirements. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Notification . If your acquisition of shares of Common Stock under the Plan leads to a qualified participation at any point during the calendar year, you will need to report the acquisition when you file your tax return for the relevant year. A qualified participation is attained if (i) the value of the shares of Common Stock acquired exceeds EUR 150,000 or (ii) in the unlikely event you hold shares of Common Stock exceeding 10 of the total Common Stock. However, if the shares of Common Stock are listed on a recognized U.S. stock exchange and you own less than 1 of the Company, this requirement will not apply to you. 
 INDIA 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . You must repatriate any funds recognized in connection with the RSU Award to India within certain prescribed time periods e.g. , proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock must be repatriated within 180 days of receipt or within such other period of time as may be required under applicable regulations). You should obtain a foreign inward remittance certificate FIRC from the bank where you deposit the foreign currency and maintain the FIRC as evidence of the repatriation of funds in the event the Reserve Bank of India, the Company, or the Service Recipient requests proof of repatriation. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . Indian residents are required to declare any foreign bank accounts and any foreign financial assets (including shares of Common Stock held outside India) in their annual tax return. 
 IRELAND 
 Notifications 
 Director Notification Obligation . Directors, shadow directors or secretaries of an Irish Affiliate must notify the Irish Affiliate in writing within five business days of receiving or disposing of an interest in the Company e.g ., RSU Awards granted under the Plan, shares of Common Stock, etc.), or within five business days of becoming aware of the event giving rise to the notification requirement or within five business days of becoming a director or secretary if such an interest exists at the time, but only to the extent such individuals own 1 or more of the total Common Stock. If applicable, this notification requirement also applies with respect to the interests of the spouse or children under the age of 18 of the director, shadow director or secretary (whose interests will be attributed to the director, shadow director or secretary). 
 ISRAEL 
 Terms and Conditions 
 The following provisions apply if you were an Israeli tax resident when the RSU Award was granted 
 Trust Arrangement . You understand and agree that the RSU Award granted under the Agreement is subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Agreement, the Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement ), between the Company and the Company s trustee, IBI Capital Trust Ltd. (the Trustee or any successor trustee, appointed by the Company or an Affiliate. 

Type of Grant . The RSU Award is intended to qualify for favorable tax treatment in Israel as a 102 Capital Gain Track Award subject to the terms and conditions of Section 102(b)(2) of the Ordinance Section 102 and the rules promulgated thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, by accepting the RSU Award, you acknowledge that the Company cannot guarantee or represent that the favorable tax treatment under the Capital Gains Track of Section 102 will apply to the RSU Award. 
 By accepting the RSU Award, you (a) acknowledge receipt of and represent that you have read and are familiar with the terms and provisions of Section 102, the Plan, and the Agreement (b) accept the RSU Award subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the Plan, and Section 102 and the rules promulgated thereunder and (c) agree that the RSU Award and or any shares of Common Stock issued in connection therewith, will be registered for your benefit in the name of the Trustee as required to qualify under Section 102. 
 You hereby undertake to release the Trustee from any liability in respect of any action or decision duly taken and bona fide executed in relation to the Plan, or any RSU Award or shares of Common Stock granted thereunder. You agree to execute any and all documents which the Company or the Trustee may reasonably determine to be necessary in order to comply with Section 102 and the Ordinance. 
 Electronic Delivery . To the extent required pursuant to Israeli tax law and or by the Trustee, you consent and agree to deliver hard-copy written notices and or actual copies of any notices or confirmations provided by you related to your participation in the Plan. If you reside in Israel and have not already signed an Israeli consent in connection with grants made under the Plan, then you must print, sign and deliver the signed copy of the Israeli consent provided by the Company within 60 days to Insert . If the Company or its Affiliate in Israel do not receive the signed Israeli consent within 60 days, the Company may cancel the RSU Award in which case, the RSU Award will become null and void. 
 The following provisions apply if you were not an Israeli tax resident when the RSU Award was granted or if the RSU Award does not qualify as a 102 Capital Gain Track Award 
 Immediate Sale Restriction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the Agreement, you may be required to immediately sell all shares of Common Stock acquired upon vesting and settlement of the RSU Award. Pursuant to this requirement, you authorize the Company to instruct its designated broker to assist with the mandatory sale of the shares of Common Stock (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent) and you expressly authorize such broker to complete the sale of such shares of Common Stock. You acknowledge that the Company s designated broker is under no obligation to arrange for the sale of the shares of Common Stock at any particular price. Upon the sale of the shares of Common Stock, the Company agrees to pay to you, the cash proceeds from the sale, less any brokerage fees or commissions and any Tax Liability. 
 JAPAN 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . You will be required to report details of any assets held outside Japan as of December 31st to the extent such assets have a total net fair market value exceeding 50,000,000. Such report will be due by March 15th each year. You should consult with your personal tax advisor as to whether the reporting obligation applies to you and whether the requirement extends to any outstanding RSU Awards, shares of Common Stock and or cash acquired under the Plan. 
 LITHUANIA 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Language Consent . By accepting the RSU Award, you unambiguously and irrevocably confirm having read and understood the documents relating to the RSU Award (the Plan and the Agreement), which were prepared and provided in English language. You confirm and declare fully and wholly accept the terms of those documents accordingly. 

Priimdamas RSU Award, Dalyvis nedviprasmi kai ir neat aukiamai patvirtina, jog, perskait ir suprato dokumentus susijusius su RSU teise (Plan ir Sutart ), kurie yra parengti ir pateikti angl kalba. Atitinkamai, Dalyvis patvirtina ir parei kia, jog pilvai ir visi kai sutinka su iuose dokumentuose i d stytomis s lygomis . 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . You may be required to file an Annual Asset Return of the Individual (Family) in Form No. FR0001 with respect to assets held outside of Lithuania i.e. , shares of Common Stock) and a foreign account report. You should consult with your personal tax advisor regarding your reporting obligations. 
 Tax Reporting Requirements . You must file an annual tax return providing details of income received from abroad (including income in kind the shares of Common Stock once they are obtained under the title of ownership) to the State Tax Inspectorate of the Republic of Lithuania. 
 NETHERLANDS 
 There are no country-specific terms. 
 NEW ZEALAND 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . WARNING This is an offer of Restricted Stock Units. You understand that shares of Common Stock give you a stake in the ownership of the Company. You may receive a return if dividends are paid. The shares of Common Stock are quoted on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ). This means you may be able to sell them on the NYSE if there are interested buyers. You may get less than you invested. The price will depend on the demand for the shares of Common Stock. 
 If the Company runs into financial difficulties and is wound up, you will be paid, if at all, only after all creditors have been paid. You may lose some or all of your investment. 
 New Zealand law normally requires people who offer financial products to give information to investors before they invest. This information is designed to help investors make an informed decision. The usual rules do not apply to this offer because it is made under an employee share scheme. As a result, you may not be given all the information usually required. You will also have fewer other legal protections for this investment. 
 For information on risk factors impacting the Company s business that may affect the value of the shares of Common Stock, you should refer to the risk factors discussion in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and are available online at www.sec.gov, as well as on the Company s Investor Relations website at http investors.unity.com . 
 You should ask questions, read all documents carefully, and seek independent financial advice before committing yourself. 
 PORTUGAL 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Language Consent . You expressly declare that you have full knowledge of the English language and have read, understood and fully accept and agree with the terms and conditions established in the Plan and the Agreement. 
 Conhecimento da Lingua . Pelo presente instrumento, voc declara expressamente que tem pleno conhecimento da l ngua Inglesa e que leu, compreendeu e livremente aceitou e concordou dos termos e condi es estabelecidas no Plano e no Acordo de Inscri o. 

Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . If you receive shares of Common Stock under the Plan, the acquisition of the shares should be reported to the Banco de Portugal for statistical purposes. If the shares of Common Stock are deposited with a commercial bank or financial intermediary in Portugal, such bank or financial intermediary will submit the report on your behalf. If the shares of Common Stock are not deposited with a commercial bank or financial intermediary in Portugal, you are responsible for submitting the report to the Banco de Portugal. 
 SINGAPORE 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Restriction on Sale of Shares . The RSU Award is subject to section 257 of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA and you will not be able to make any subsequent offer to sell or sale of the shares of Common Stock in Singapore, unless such offer or sale is made (1) after six (6) months from the Date of Grant, (2) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA or (3) pursuant to, and in accordance with, the conditions of, any other applicable provisions of the SFA. 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Notice . The offer of the Plan, the grant of the RSU Award, and the value of the underlying shares of Common Stock at vesting are being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the SFA. The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
 Director Notification . You understand and acknowledge that if you are a director, associate director or shadow director of a Singapore Affiliate, you are subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act, regardless of whether you are a Singapore resident or employed in Singapore. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Singapore Affiliate in writing when you receive an interest e.g. , an RSU Award or shares of Common Stock) in the Company. In addition, you must notify the Singapore Affiliate when you sell shares of Common Stock (including when you sell shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan). These notifications must be made within two days of acquiring or disposing of any interest in the Company. In addition, a notification must be made of your interests in the Company within two days of becoming a director, associate director or shadow director. 
 SOUTH KOREA 
 Notifications 
 Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . Korean residents must declare all foreign financial accounts e.g. , non-Korean bank accounts, brokerage accounts) to the Korean tax authority and file a report with respect to such accounts if the value of such accounts exceeds KRW 500,000,000 (or an equivalent amount in foreign currency). You should consult with your personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with the applicable requirements. 
 SPAIN 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Nature of Grant . The following provision supplements Section 5 of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants set forth above 
 In accepting the RSU Award, you acknowledge that you consent to participation in the Plan and have received a copy of the Plan. 

You understand that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously, and in its sole discretion decided to grant RSU Awards under the Plan to Employees, Consultants, and Directors throughout the world. The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any grant will not economically or otherwise bind the Company on an ongoing basis. Consequently, you understand that the RSU Award is granted on the assumption and condition that the RSU Award and any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan are not part of any employment or service contract (either with the Company, the Service Recipient or any other Affiliate) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purposes (including severance compensation), or any other right whatsoever. In addition, you understand that this grant would not be made but for the assumptions and conditions referred to above thus, you acknowledge and freely accept that, should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, then any grant of or right to the RSU Award shall be null and void. 
 You understand and agree that, as a condition of the grant of the RSU Award, the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason (including the reasons listed below) will automatically result in the loss of your right to vest in the RSU Award, unless otherwise provided in the Agreement. In particular, unless otherwise provided in the Agreement, you understand and agree that any RSU Award which has not vested as of the date you are no longer actively providing service will be forfeited without entitlement to the underlying shares of Common Stock or to any amount of indemnification in the event of a termination of your Continuous Service by reason of, but not limited to, resignation, retirement, disciplinary dismissal adjudged to be with cause, disciplinary dismissal adjudged or recognized to be without good cause i.e., subject to a despido improcedente ), individual or collective dismissal on objective grounds, whether adjudged or recognized to be with or without cause, material modification of the terms of employment under Article 41 of the Workers Statute, relocation under Article 40 of the Workers Statute, Article 50 of the Workers Statute, unilateral withdrawal by the Service Recipient and under Article 10.3 of the Royal Decree 1382 1985. You acknowledge that you have read and specifically accept the conditions referred to in the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement as well as Section 5 of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants (as supplemented by this provision). 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . No offer of securities to the public, within the meaning of Spanish law, has taken place or will take place in the Spanish territory in connection with the RSU Award. The Plan, the Agreement and any other documents evidencing the grant of the RSU Award have not been, nor will they be, registered with the Comisi n Nacional del Mercado de Valores (the Spanish securities regulator), and none of those documents constitutes a public offering prospectus. 
 Exchange Control Information . You may be required to declare electronically to the Bank of Spain any foreign accounts (including brokerage accounts held abroad), any foreign instruments (including any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan) and any transactions with non-Spanish residents (including any payments of shares of Common Stock made to you by the Company) if the balances in such accounts and the value of such instruments as of December 31, or the volume of the transactions with non-Spanish residents during the prior or current year, exceed 1,000,000. 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . You are required to report rights or assets deposited or held outside of Spain (including shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan or cash proceeds from the sale of such shares of Common Stock) as of December 31 of each year, if the value of such rights or assets exceeds 50,000 per type of right or asset. After such rights and or assets are initially reported, the reporting obligation will apply for subsequent years only if the value of any previously-reported rights or assets increases by more than 20,000 or if the ownership of the assets is transferred or relinquished during the year. The reporting requirement must be completed by the following March 31. 
 The exchange control and foreign asset account reporting requirements in Spain are complex. You should consult your personal legal and tax advisors to ensure compliance with the applicable requirements. 

SWEDEN 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Authorization to Withhold . The following provision supplements Section 4 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 Without limiting the Company s or the Service Recipient s authority to satisfy their withholding obligations for any Tax Liability as set forth in Section 4 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, in accepting the RSU Award, you authorize the Company and or the Service Recipient to withhold or sell shares of Common Stock otherwise deliverable to you upon exercise to satisfy any Tax Liability, regardless of whether the Company or the Service Recipient has a withholding obligation on any such Tax Liability. 
 SWITZERLAND 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the Plan (i) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA (ii) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an Employee or (iii) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority, including the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority. 
 TAIWAN 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Securities Law Information . The offer of participation in the Plan is available only for Employees and Consultants. The offer of participation in the Plan is not a public offer of securities by a Taiwanese company. 
 Data Privacy . The following provision supplements Section 1 of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants set forth above 
 You hereby acknowledge having read and understood Section 1 of the Terms and Conditions Applicable to All Non-U.S. Participants set forth above and, by participating in the Plan, agree to such terms. In this regard, upon request of the Company or an Affiliate, you agree to provide any executed data privacy consent form (or any other agreements or consents that may be required by the Company or an Affiliate) that the Company and or an Affiliate may deem necessary under applicable data privacy laws, either now or in the future. You understand that you will not be able to participate in the Plan if you fail to execute any such consent or agreement. 
 Notifications 
 Exchange Control Information . Taiwanese residents may acquire and remit foreign currency (including proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock) into Taiwan up to US 5,000,000 per year. You understand that if you are a Taiwanese resident, and the transaction amount exceeds TWD 500,000 in a single transaction, you may need to submit a foreign exchange transaction form and provide supporting documentation to the satisfaction of the remitting bank. 
 UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
 Notifications 
 Securities Law Information . Participation in the Plan is being offered only to eligible Employees, Consultants, and Directors and is in the nature of providing equity incentives. Any documents related to participation in the Plan, including the Plan, the Agreement and any other grant documents RSU Documents ), are intended for distribution only to such eligible Employees, Consultants, and Directors and must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. 

The United Arab Emirates securities or financial economic authorities have no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any RSU Documents and have not approved the RSU Documents nor taken steps to verify the information set out in them, and thus, are not responsible for their content. You should conduct your own due diligence on the securities offered. You acknowledge that if you do not understand the contents of the RSU Documents, you should consult an authorized financial advisor. 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Tax Responsibility and Satisfaction . The following provision supplements Section 4 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 Income tax and national insurance contributions may arise on vesting of (or any other dealing in) the RSU Award, and you agree to meet any such Tax Liability, including employee s primary Class 1 and Service Recipient s secondary Class 1 national insurance contributions NICs arising on vesting of the RSU Award for which the Service Recipient is required to account to HM Revenue and Customs HMRC ). It is a condition of accepting the RSU Award that, if required by the Company or any Affiliate, you enter into such arrangements as the Company or any Affiliate may require for satisfaction of those Tax Liabilities. You acknowledge that you may be required, prior to vesting of the RSU Award, to enter into a joint election whereby the Service Recipient s liability for national insurance contributions is transferred to you on terms set out in the election and approved by HMRC. 
 Without limitation to Section 4 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, you agree that you are responsible for all Tax Liability and hereby covenant to pay all such Tax Liability, as and when requested by the Company or an Affiliate or by HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). You also agree to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and its Affiliates against any Tax Liability they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority) on your behalf. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a director or executive officer (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act), you understand that you may not be able to indemnify the Company for the amount of any withholding obligation for Tax Liability not collected from or paid by you, in case the indemnification could be considered to be a loan. In this case, the Tax Liability not collected or paid within 90 days of the end of the U.K. tax year in which the taxable event occurs may constitute a benefit to you on which additional income tax and NICs may be payable. You understand that you will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for paying to the Company and or an Affiliate (as appropriate) the amount of any employee NICs due on this additional benefit, which may also be obtained from you by any of the means referred to in Section 4 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 Participant Date 

EXHIBIT B 
 Unity Software Inc. 
 ironSource Share Incentive Plan 
 Denmark - Employer Statement 
 AFTALE OM TILDELING AF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS (RSU ER), HERUNDER ERKL RING I HENHOLD TIL AKTIEOPTIONSLOVEN AGREEMENT CONCERNING GRANTING OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS, INCLUDING STATEMENT PURSUANT TO THE DANISH STOCK OPTION ACT Unity Technologies ApS Loevstraede 5, DK-1152 K benhavn K Danmark (det Danske Selskab Unity Technologies ApS Loevstraede 5, DK-1152 Copenhagen K Denmark (the Danish Company Og and den i Tildelingsmeddelelsen anf rte Deltager Medarbejderen the Participant named in the Grant Notice (the Employee og and Unity Software Inc. 
 30 3 rd Street 
 San Francisco, Californien 94103 
 USA 
 Selskabet 
 Unity Software Inc. 
 30 3 rd Street 
 San Francisco, California 94103 
 USA 
 (the Company 
 har indg et denne aftale (den Danske Aftale vedr rende de betingede aktieenheder restricted stock units RSU er ), som Selskabet har tildelt Medarbejderen. Den Danske Aftale udg r endvidere en erkl ring til Medarbejderen i henhold til 3, stk. 1, i lov om brug af k beret eller tegningsret til aktier m.v. i ans ttelsesforhold Aktieoptionsloven ). have entered into this agreement (the Danish Agreement concerning the restricted stock units (the RSUs granted by the Company to the Employee. The Danish Agreement also constitutes a statement to the Employee pursuant to section 3 (1) of the Danish Act on the exercise of stock acquisition rights or stock subscription rights in employment relationships, etc. (the Stock Option Act ). I tilf lde af uoverensstemmelser mellem den Danske Aftale og Medarbejderens ans ttelsesaftale med det Danske Selskab har den Danske Aftale forrang. In the event of any discrepancies between the Danish Agreement and the Employee s contract of employment with the Danish Company, this Danish Agreement shall prevail. 

Selskabet har vedtaget et RSU-program, der omfatter medarbejdere i Selskabet og dettes tilknyttede virksomheder, herunder det Danske Selskabs medarbejdere. Vilk rene for RSU-programmet, der ogs omfatter de RSU er, der tildeles i medf r af den Danske Aftale, fremg r af Unity Software Inc. ironSource Share Incentive Plan Planen og Unity Software Inc. Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and RSU Award Grant Notice RSU-Aftalen (Planen og RSU-Aftalen ben vnes herefter samlet RSU-Programmet ). Denne Danske Aftale er betinget af Medarbejderens samtidige indg else af RSU-Aftalen. The Company has adopted an RSU program covering the employees of the Company and its affiliates, including the employees of the Danish Company. The terms of the RSU program, which also include the RSUs granted under the Danish Agreement, appear in the Unity Software Inc. ironSource Share Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Unity Software Inc. Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and RSU Award Grant Notice (the RSU Agreement ), (the Plan and RSU Agreement are hereinafter referred to as the RSU Program ). This Danish Agreement is contingent on the Employee s concurrent execution Vilk rene i RSU-Programmet finder anvendelse p Medarbejderens RSU er, medmindre denne Danske Aftale fasts tter vilk r, der fraviger vilk rene i RSU-Programmet. I s danne tilf lde har vilk rene i denne Danske Aftale forrang. The terms of the RSU Program apply to the Employee s RSUs, unless this Danish Agreement stipulates terms that deviate from the terms of the RSU Program. In such situations, the terms of this Danish Agreement shall prevail. Definitioner anvendt i denne Danske Aftale vil have samme betydning som i RSU-Programmet, medmindre andet f lger af denne Danske Aftale. The definitions in this Danish Agreement shall have the same meaning as the definitions of the RSU Program, unless otherwise provided by this Danish Agreement. 
 5 RSU ER OF VEDERLAG 1 RSUS AND CONSIDERATION 1.1 Medarbejderen bliver l bende efter Selskabets Bestyrelses Bestyrelsen sk n tildelt RSU er, der giver Medarbejderen ret til at erhverve ordin re aktier Aktier i Selskabet. RSU erne tildeles vederlagsfrit. 1.1 The Employee is granted RSUs on a current basis at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ), entitling the Employee to acquire shares of Common Stock Shares in the Company. The RSUs are granted free of charge 1.2 Udstedelsen af Aktier finder sted som beskrevet i pkt. 5 i RSU-Aftalen. Der betales ingen udnyttelseskurs i forbindelse med RSU ernes modning. 1.2 The issuance of Shares will take place as described in section 5 of the RSU Agreement. No exercise price is payable upon the vesting of the RSUs. 2 KRITERIER ELLER BETINGELSER FOR TILDELINGEN 10 CRITERIA OR CONDITIONS FOR THE GRANT 2.1 Medarbejdere, konsulenter og bestyrelsesmedlemmer i Selskabet eller et tilknyttet selskab, der er udpeget af L nudvalget p datoen for tildelingens ikrafttr den, er berettigede til at deltage 10.1 Employees, consultants and directors of the Company or an affiliate of the Company designated by the Committee on the effective date of the grant may be eligible to participate. 3 VRIGE VILK R 11 OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

3.1 RSU erne tildeles i overensstemmelse med RSU-Programmet. 11.1 The RSUs are granted under the RSU Program. 3.2 Optionerne tildeles efter L nudvalgets sk n i Aktieprogrammets l betid. 11.2 The RSUs are granted at the discretion of the Committee during the term of the RSU Program. 11.3 RSU erne modnes i henhold til den i Tildelingsmeddelelsen anf rte modningsplan. 11.4 The RSUs vest according to the vesting schedule set forth in the Grant Notice. 11.5 Modningen af RSU er er betinget af, at Medarbejderen er ansat i det Danske Selskab eller en anden med Selskabet koncernforbundet enhed, og ingen RSU er vil blive tildelt eller modnes efter ans ttelsesforholdets oph r, uanset rsagen hertil, jf. dog pkt. 4 nedenfor. Modningen af RSU er p virkes ikke af lovreguleret orlov. 11.6 The vesting of RSUs is conditional on the Employee being employed with the Danish Company or another entity in the Company group and no RSUs are granted or shall vest after the termination of such employment, regardless of the reason for such termination, cf. however Section 4 below. The vesting of RSUs is not influenced by statutory leave. 4 FRATR DEN 12 TERMINATION 4.1 Som anf rt i Tildelingsmeddelelsen oph rer modning af RSU'erne i tilf lde af oph r af Medarbejderens Fortsatte Ans ttelse, undtagen hvor oph ret af Fortsat Ans ttelse skyldes Medarbejderens d d. 12.1 As set forth in the Grant Notice, except the case of termination due to death, vesting of the RSUs shall terminate upon the Employee s termination of Continuous Service. 13 JUSTERING AF RSU ERNE 
 14 ADJUSTMENT OF THE RSUS 14.1 Justering i forbindelse med kapital ndringer 14.1 Adjustment in connection with capital changes 14.2 Som yderligere beskrevet i RSU-Programmet g lder det, at hvis antallet af udest ende Aktier ndres i forbindelse med en ndring i Selskabets kapitalstruktur uden vederlag s som aktieudbytte, rekapitalisering, aktiesplit, omvendt aktie-split, opdeling eller omklassificering, kan der foretages justeringer, der kan p virke RSU-Programmet, herunder justering af antallet og klasserne af Aktier, der kan leveres i henhold til Programmet, og af antallet af Aktier for hver endnu ikke modnet RSU i henhold til RSU-Programmet. 14.3 As further set out in the RSU Program, if the number of outstanding Shares is changed by a modification in the capital structure of the Company without consideration such as a stock dividend, recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, subdivision or reclassification then adjustments may be made that may impact the RSU Program including adjusting of the number and class of Shares that may be delivered under the Program, the number of Shares covered by each RSU under the RSU Program which has not yet vested. 

14.4 Andre ndringer 14.5 Other changes 14.6 S fremt der sker et kontrolskifte i Moderselskabet, kan der foretages justeringer i RSU-Programmet som n rmere beskrevet deri. 14.7 If there is a change in control of the Parent Company adjustments may be made to the RSU Program as further set out therein. 14.8 L nudvalgets regulering af RSU er 14.5 Committee s regulation of RSUs 14.6 L nudvalgets bemyndigelse til at regulere RSU erne i de i dette pkt. 5 omhandlede situationer er underlagt pkt. 13 i Planen og pkt. 7 i RSU-Aftalen. 14.6 The Committee s authority to regulate of the RSUs in the situations comprised by this section 5 shall be governed by section 13 of the Plan and section 7 of the RSU Agreement. 15 KONOMISKE ASPEKTER VED DELTAGELSE I ORDNINGEN 16 THE FINANCIAL ASPECTS OF PARTICIPATING IN THE SCHEME 16.2 RSU erne er risikobetonede v rdipapirer, der p virkes af aktiemarkedet og Selskabets resultater. Som f lge heraf er der ingen garanti for, at modningen af RSU erne udl ser en fortjeneste. RSU erne indg r ikke i beregningen af feriepenge, fratr delsesgodtg relse, lovpligtig godtg relse eller kompensation, pension og lignende 16.1 The RSUs are risky securities influenced by the capital market and the Company s results. Consequently, there is no guarantee that the vesting of the RSUs will trigger a profit. The RSUs are not to be included in the calculation of holiday allowance, severance pay, statutory allowance and compensation, pension and similar payments. 17 SKATTEM SSIGE FORHOLD 7 TAX MATTERS 7.2 De skattem ssige konsekvenser for Medarbejderen som f lge af tildelingen af RSU erne og modningen af disse er det Danske Selskab og Selskabet uvedkommende. Det Danske Selskab opfordrer Medarbejderen til at indhente individuel r dgivning om den skattem ssige behandling af tildelingen og modningen af RSU erne. 7.1 Any tax consequences for the Employee arising out of the RSUs and the vesting thereof are of no concern to the Danish Company or the Company. The Danish Company encourages the Employee to obtain individual tax advice in relation to the effect of grant and vesting of the RSUs. 8 OVERDRAGELSE PANTS TNING AF RSU ER MV. 9 TRANSFER AND PLEDGING OF RSUS, ETC. 9.1 RSU erne er personlige og kan hverken s lges, bortgives, pants ttes eller p anden m de overdrages til tredjemand, hverken frivilligt eller ved udl g. 9.1 The RSUs are personal instruments that cannot be sold, given away, pledged or otherwise transferred to a third party, whether voluntarily or by execution. 

9.2 Udover at udg re en erkl ring i overensstemmelse med Aktieoptionsloven 3, stk. 1, udg r denne Danske Aftale ogs en integreret del af Medarbejderens ans ttelsesaftale med det Danske Selskab og er undergivet dansk lovgivning. 9.2 In addition to constituting a statement in accordance with section 3 (1) of the Danish Stock Option Act, this Danish Agreement constitutes an integral part of the Employee s contract of employment with the Danish Company and is subject to Danish law. 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 ex211-q42022subsidiaries.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction Unity International Holdings LLC United States Unity Technologies ApS Denmark 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 exhibit231-q42022form10xk.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-262905) pertaining to the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan of Unity Software Inc. and the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Unity Software Inc., 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-253935) pertaining to the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan of Unity Software Inc. and the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Unity Software Inc., 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-248882) pertaining to the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan of Unity Software Inc. and the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Unity Software Inc., and 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-3ASR No. 333-260984) of Unity Software Inc. 
 of our reports dated February 27, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Unity Software Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Unity Software Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Unity Software Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 San Jose, California 
 February 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 exhibit311-q42022.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John Riccitiello, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Unity Software Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 27, 2023 By s John Riccitiello John Riccitiello President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 exhibit312-q42022.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Luis Visoso, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Unity Software Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 27, 2023 By s Luis Visoso Luis Visoso Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 exhibit321-q42022.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John Riccitiello, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Unity Software Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Unity Software Inc. 
 Date February 27, 2023 By s John Riccitiello John Riccitiello President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 I, Luis Visoso, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Unity Software Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Unity Software Inc. 
 Date February 27, 2023 By s Luis Visoso 
 Luis Visoso Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Unity Software Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 unity-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 unity-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 unity-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 unity-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 unity-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

