<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1534154_0001213900-23-024677.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7812223</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>342608</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1412196</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1998429</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1953460</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1874602</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024677.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330163046
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024677
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			authID Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001534154
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40747
		FILM NUMBER:		23781114

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1325 S. COLORADO BLVD.
		STREET 2:		BUILDING A, SUITE 322
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80222
		BUSINESS PHONE:		516-274-8700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1624 MARKET ST. STE 226
		STREET 2:		UNIT 51767
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202-1559

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ipsidy Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170206

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ID Global Solutions Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141014

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IIM Global Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130107

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024677.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_authidinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

,

(Address of principal executive offices) 

Registrant s telephone number,
including area code: - 

Title of each class Trading Symbol: Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market, LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to
Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

Common Stock, .0001 par value
per share 

(Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act 
Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 
232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non- accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , non-accelerated filer , smaller reporting
company and emerging growth in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over
financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared
or issued its audit report. Yes 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022, the last business
day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates
was which is based on the average bid and ask price of such common equity, as of the last practical business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter of 1.73. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding
of each of the registrant s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date. 

Class Outstanding at March 30, 2023 Common Stock, par value 0.0001 shares 
 Documents incorporated by reference: None 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

GENERAL INFORMATION 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 27 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 27 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 27 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related
 Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 31 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 40 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
 on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 40 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 40 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 40 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that
 Prevent Inspection 
 40 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 41 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 45 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 52 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 53 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 56 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 57 

SIGNATURES 
 
 59 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain statements discussed
in Item 1 (Business), Item 1A (Risk Factors), Item 3 (Legal Proceedings), Item 7 (Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations), Item 7A (Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk) and elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K as well as in other materials and oral statements that the Company releases from time to time to the public constitute
 forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking
statements concerning management s expectations, strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated economic performance and
financial condition and other similar matters involve significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that
could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of results to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements
discussed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other important factors are discussed in Item 1A
(Risk Factors) and Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. In addition, these
statements constitute the Company s cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It should
be understood that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, the following should not be considered to
be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. The words anticipate, estimate, expect, 
 project, intend, believe, plan, target, forecast and
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of the document
in which they are made. The Company disclaims any obligation or undertaking to provide any updates or revisions to any forward-looking
statement to reflect any change in the Company s expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which the
forward-looking statement is based. It is advisable, however, to consult any further disclosures the Company makes on related subjects
in its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Emerging Growth Company
Status 

We are an emerging growth
company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act enacted in April 2012, and, for as long as we continue to be an
 emerging growth company, we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to
other public companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy
statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval
of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of
(i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1 billion or more; (ii) the last day of the fiscal
year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of our common equity securities pursuant to an effective registration
statement; (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three year period; and
(iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer. We may take advantage of the extended transition period
until the first to occur of the date we (i) are no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably
opt out of the extended transition period. Consequently, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with
public company effective dates. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business Overview 

authID Inc. (together with
its subsidiaries, the Company , authID , we or our is a leading provider of secure,
authentication solutions delivered by our easy to integrate Verified TM platform. Our Verified
platform delivers Human Factor Authentication TM HFA that binds strong passwordless authentication with biometric
identity, which offers our customers a streamlined path to zero trust architecture. Verified FIDO2 passwordless authentication is certified
by the FIDO Alliance to be compliant and interoperable with FIDO specifications. 

The explosive growth in online
and mobile commerce, telemedicine, remote working and digital activities of all descriptions is self-evident to everyone who lived through
the Covid 19 pandemic since 2020. Yet this has been coupled with a rampant rise in identity theft, phishing attacks, spear-phishing, password
vulnerabilities, account takeovers and benefits fraud. Cyberattacks that are the result of compromised credentials are significant impediments
to the operations and growth of any business or organization, and dealing with the risks and consequences of these criminal activities
has created significant friction in time, cost and lost opportunity. Consider all the outdated methods that organizations have implemented
in order to prevent fraud. The requests to receive and enter one-time passwords, that can be easily hijacked. The vulnerable security
questions you get asked whether on-line or when reaching out to a call center what was your first pet s name? who
was your best friend in high school? These steps all add up to friction, making it difficult for consumers to login, transact and execute
daily tasks, with little added protection from fraud. Surely there is a better way to address these challenges. authID believes there
is. 

authID provides secure, biometric,
identity verification, and strong passwordless and biometric authentication for both consumer and workforce applications. We maintain
our globally accessible, cloud-based Verified platform for our enterprise customers to enable their users to easily verify and authenticate
their identity through a mobile device or desktop, without requiring dedicated hardware, or authentication apps. We can help our customers
establish a proven identity, creating a root of trust that ensures the highest level of assurance for our phishing resistant, passwordless
login and step-up authentication products. Our patented technology enables participants to consent to transactions using their biometric
information with a digitally signed authentication response, embedding the underlying transaction data and each user s identity
attributes within every electronic transaction message processed through our platform. 

Digital transformation
across all market segments requires trusted identity. Our Verified platform offers innovative solutions that are flexible, fast and easy
to integrate and offer seamless user experiences. authID s products help advance digital transformation efforts without the fear
of identity fraud, while delivering frictionless user experiences. We believe that it is also essential that electronic transactions have
an audit trail, proving that the identity of the individual was duly authenticated. Our platform provides biometric and multi-factor identity
software, which are intended to establish, authenticate and verify identity across a wide range of use cases and electronic transactions. 

authID s
products focus on the broad requirement for enabling frictionless commerce by allowing an entity to instantly Recognise Your Customer 
or employees. Organizations of all descriptions require cost-effective and secure means of growing their business while mitigating identity
fraud. We aim to offer our enterprise customers products that can be integrated easily into each of their business and organizational
operations, in order to facilitate their adoption and enhance the end user customer or employee experience. 

Our management
believes that some of the advantages of our Verified Platform approach are the ability to leverage the platform to support a variety of
vertical markets and the adaptability of the platform to the requirements of new markets and new products. Verified is a cost-effective,
secure, and configurable mobile solution. Our target markets include banking, fintech, healthcare and other disrupters of traditional
commerce, small and medium sized businesses, and system integrators working with government and Fortune 1000 enterprises. At its core,
the Company s offering, combining its proprietary and acquired biometric and artificial intelligence technologies (or AI), is intended
to facilitate frictionless commerce, whether in the physical or digital world. The Company intends to continue its investment in developing,
patenting and acquiring the various elements necessary to enhance the platform, including our use of artificial intelligence in proprietary
software, which are intended to allow us to achieve our goals. 

authID is dedicated
to developing advanced methods of protecting consumer privacy and deploying ethical and socially responsible AI. We believe that a proactive
commitment to ethical AI presents a strong business opportunity for authID and will enable us to bring more accurate products to market
more quickly and with less risk to better serve our global user base. Our methods to achieve ethical AI include engaging the users of
our products with informed consent, prioritizing the security of our user s personal information, considering and avoiding potential
bias in our algorithms, and monitoring of algorithm performance in our applications. 

On May 4, 2022,
the Board of Directors of authID (the Board or the Board of Directors approved a plan to exit from certain
non-core activities comprising the MultiPay correspondent bank payments services in Colombia and the Cards Plus cards manufacturing and
printing business in South Africa Cards Plus business ). On August 29, 2022 the Company executed and completed the sale
of the Cards Plus business. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Cards Plus Pty Ltd., MultiPay S.A.S., and IDGS S.A.S assets are presented
as assets held for sale on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets and their operations presented as discontinued operations in
the Consolidated Statements of Operations as they met the criteria for discontinued operations under applicable accounting guidance. 

1 

The Company
was incorporated in the State of Delaware on September 21, 2011, and changed our name from Ipsidy Inc. to authID Inc. on July 18, 2022. 

Our Common Stock
is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol AUID . Our corporate headquarters is located at 1385 S. Colorado
Blvd, Denver, CO 80222 and our main phone number is (516) 274-8700. We maintain a website at www.authid.ai. The information contained
on, or that can be accessed through, our websites is not incorporated by reference into this prospectus and is intended for informational
purposes only. 

Global Market Opportunity 

The drive towards
digital transformation since 2020 and the COVID-19 pandemic as well as the rampant growth in fraud that exploits human vulnerability have
contributed significantly to several market trends driving growth and demand for stronger, more secure identity verification and authentication
solutions and services such as those authID provides. The accelerated pace of digital transformation at the enterprise level has been
driven largely by the increased demands for online goods and sharing-economy services by consumers. The shift to working from home, and
the remote IT challenges this lifestyle change presents is also driving opportunities for strong workforce identity and application access
authentication. Today, even as more companies started return to work in the office, data show that millions of workers will continue to
work remotely and hybrid, a long-term shift that will require enhanced security across many industry sectors. 

Unfortunately,
the increase in remote work and digital, non-face-to-face commerce has also resulted in increased fraud, phishing scams and cyber security
risks. These trends, as well as increased regulation mandates by governments, whether Federal, State, local or international, are key
drivers of the need for improved processes to verify and authenticate identities. 

Digital Transformation 

Digital transformation, or
the integration of digital technology into all areas of a business, is fundamentally changing how organizations operate and deliver value
to customers. The global disruption of the last two years dramatically increased the need for organizations to be more agile to meet changing
markets, evolving technology and consumer demands. According to IBM research, more than 60 of surveyed executives are using this period
of change to rapidly advance their enterprise s transformation (IBM Institute for Business Value Digital Transformation Report 
2021). A McKinsey Global Survey of executives found that companies have accelerated the digitization of their customer and supply-chain
interactions and of their internal operations by three to four years (McKinsey, October 2020). According to Statista, spending on digital
transformation will grow from 1.8 trillion in 2022 to 3.4 trillion by 2026. Statista also forecasts that as much as 65 of the world s
gross domestic product will be digitalized by 2022 (Statista Spending on digital transformation technologies and services worldwide
from 2017 to 2026 Nov, 2022). 

Digital and
mobile technologies have significantly changed people s lives in a remarkably short time, including how we work, shop, socialize
and bank. Escalating increases in mobile application downloads for digital goods and services by even the most reluctant consumers, dramatically
altered service delivery across broad market segments, creating lasting effects that we believe are likely to stay. 

Enterprises
that were able to, scrambled to reduce reliance on physical outlets and to drive customers to remote digital channels offering seamless
and secure user experiences. Electronic services from mobile banking to online grocery shopping to tele-medicine have increased
multifold since 2020. 

The Increase in Identity Fraud and Social Engineering
Attacks 

The increased demand for online
services, remote working and digital convenience, has created another challenge for organizations the need to improve cybersecurity
measures. We believe that criminals have never been more active in using stolen data or credential-stuffing attacks in attempts to infiltrate
corporate networks. 

Today,
legacy methods of authenticating identity online including passwords and one-time pin codes, or knowledge-based questions no longer create
a safe digital world. Nearly every day, we read about significant data breaches at large organizations including Twilio, Cisco, Intuit,
and recently PayPal. All of them have one thing in common. The hackers all used social engineering attacks that exploited human behavior
and, in particular, vulnerable, legacy MFA technology. As quickly as Chief Technology and Information Officers, and Identity Access Management
Architects supplement passwords with phishable, one-time passwords or clunky push MFA apps, hackers are finding new ways to exploit security s
 human element. In the 2022 Verizon Data Breach Investigation Report, the human element was identified as the root cause
of 82 of 4,000 data breaches studied. Juniper Research forecasts that the total number of exposed records from data breaches will grow
by 33 over the next four years, reaching 27.5 billion in 2027. 

2 

So, after 60 years of passwords,
we believe the market is in the midst of a fundamental evolution in the science of authentication, with a renewed push to replace these
hated and insecure credentials with cryptographic FIDO2 passkeys, or a FIDO token bound to a device. According to Research and Markets,
the market for Passwordless Authentication is projected to grow over the next 10 years at a compound annual growth rate CAGR of more than 16 , to almost 54 billion by 2030, from approximately 13 billion today. North America is expected to dominate the global
passwordless authentication market, currently accounting for at least 38 of the worldwide market. Further, with the data indicating that
banking and healthcare are dominating the shift to passwordless authentication, we feel confident that we are targeting the right market
segments. 

Passwords
are not only ripe for compromise. They also cost organizations time and money. Estimates indicate that an organization with 15,000 employees
can lose annually up to 4 million in productivity, with employees spending over 12 hours per year on remembering, searching for and
resetting passwords. Organizations also allocate significant IT resources to manage and store passwords. Forrester Research has stated
that the average help desk labor cost for a single password reset is about 70. (Forrester Research Best Practices: Selecting,
Deploying, And Managing Enterprise Password Managers 2018) Forrester Research determined that large organizations spend up
to 1 million per year on staffing and infrastructure to handle password resets alone. 

MarketsandMarkets, the B2B
research firm, projects that the global digital identity solutions market will grow from 27.9 billion in 2022 to 70.7 billion by 2027,
at a five-year CAGR of 20.4 . The company attributes this significant growth to the increase in identity-related frauds and data breaches,
as well as compliance with existing and upcoming regulations. The firm further predicts that the market for digital identity and document
verification services, a subset of the digital identity market, offers significant potential for growth opportunities, with revenues to
rise from 9.9 billion in 2022 to 18.6 billion by 2027 (MarketsandMarkets Digital Identity Solutions Market- Global Forecast
to 2027 2022 and Identity Verification Market Global Forecast to 2027 2022). 

The Drive for Zero Trust Security 

The term Zero
Trust first coined in 2010, by Forrester analyst John Kindervag, declares that all network traffic is untrusted and that any request
to access any resource must be done securely. (Forrester Research Build Security Into Your Network s DNA: The Zero Trust
Network Architecture , 2010). Zero Trust requires that all users, both inside or outside the organization s network, be authenticated
before being allowed to access applications and data. 

In 2021, as
the rate of cybercrime, digital fraud and ransomware spiraled upward, the Biden Administration issued an executive order (the Biden
Order calling on the U.S. government to institute bold changes and significant investments in security measures
to better insulate federal networks from attack. This was followed by the White House Office of Management and Budget in October 2021
defining a zero trust strategy, outlining the security architecture required to overhaul federal cybersecurity practices.
In January 2022, the Administration gave federal agencies until the end of the fiscal year 2024 to achieve specific zero trust
security goals. 

The Zero Trust
approach will likely further drive nationwide adoption of multi-factor authentication (MFA), the requirement of additional verification
factors, so users cannot log in with just a username and password. Solutions for achieving zero trust are not likely to include legacy
MFA options like vulnerable one-time pin codes or easy-to-discover, knowledge-based questions like What was the make of your first
car? The Biden Order specifically stated that agency systems must discontinue support for authentication methods that fail
to resist phishing, including protocols that register phone numbers for SMS or voice calls, supply one-time codes, or receive push notifications 
Attacks on these legacy methods have proven enterprises will need stronger authentication alternatives to establish trust and defend against
highly sophisticated cybercriminal networks. 

The Biden Order is expected
to drive deployment of upgraded security methods by both the federal government and private sector businesses that contract with the government.
We may also expect to see a change from security vendors and enterprise organizations across a range of market segments, as they look
to the Biden Order for guidance. In the post-COVID-19 scenario, the global zero trust security market size is projected to grow from 
27.4 billion in 2022 to 60.7 billion by 2027, recording a CAGR of 17.3 from 2022 to 2027 (MarketsandMarkets, Zero-Trust Security
Market Global Forecast to 2027 ). Furthermore, in a recent survey conducted by Okta, The State of Zero Trust Security 2022 
they predicted that zero trust option rates passed a critical threshold in 2022. The Okta survey found that more than half of the organizations
surveyed (55 have a Zero Trust initiative in place, and the vast majority (97 plan to have one in the coming 12 to 18 months. 

Remote Working 

Over the last
three years, the pandemic s stay-at-home mandates accelerated the transition to remote and hybrid work across many industries. Today,
even as more companies started return to work in the office, data show that millions of workers will continue to work remotely and hybrid. 

3 

While remote, decentralized
teams and hybrid work environments have become common, remote work can also increase opportunities for hackers to infiltrate corporate
networks. Enterprise IT organizations must now address new IT requirements and cyber challenges generated in the work from home environment.
Studies have also shown that employees are more likely be distracted when working from home and more susceptible to phishing scams. According
to Equifax, cyber- attacks are much more likely to occur through mundane errors like a user choosing an easy-to-guess password or not
changing the default password on something like a router. 

To meet the
increased enterprise security and mobility needs of this expanded remote workforce, IT decision makers are reassessing their data protection
strategies in an effort to secure these remote workers and protect company assets. While IT continues to drive password hygiene through
security training sessions, we believe legacy tools like one-time pin codes and knowledge-based authentication are no longer effective
in mitigating risks. 

The result
is increased demand for next-generation biometric authentication technology and a greater urgency to transform quickly. According to Ranjit
Atwal, Senior Research Director at Gartner, Through 2024, organizations will be forced to bring forward digital business transformation
plans by at least five years. Those plans will have to adapt to a post-COVID-19 world that involves permanently higher adoption of remote
work and digital touchpoints 

The FIDO Alliance The Mission To Eliminate Passwords 

The reliance
on passwords has long been acknowledged as highly frustrating for users, costly for organizations to maintain and reset quickly, as well
as one of the weakest security practices for user authentication. The reuse of the same passwords by individuals across multiple sites,
the massive data breaches targeting user credentials, and widespread phishing efforts by hackers to entice users to reveal 
passwords create security risks for every organization. 

The Fast Identity Online FIDO Alliance was formed in 2012 to address the security risks to enterprises and the problems individual users face in creating and remembering
multiple usernames and passwords. FIDO compliant solutions eliminate passwords by using the combination of biometric verification and
device authentication via cryptographic security, thereby speeding up and securing user login. FIDO Alliance members include global leaders
and household names in technology and across enterprise software, payments, banking, telecom, ecommerce, identity, government, and healthcare
(https://fidoalliance.org/members/). This cross-industry coalition works jointly to develop interoperable authentication standards that
reduce reliance on passwords with authentication that is more secure, private, and easier to use. 

In 2022, three
of the world s largest tech companies Apple, Microsoft, and Google (Alphabet) each pledged passwordless initiatives
and lauded FIDO2 standards that enable passkey technology. As members of the FIDO Alliance, we also have been working towards the same
goal. We believe these initiatives enhance prospects for authID s products, as it indicates the industry is moving to a passwordless
future, in which our unphishable Human Factor Authentication could play an integral part. 

FIDO, however,
has some shortcomings, and this is where we see a tremendous opportunity for authID. FIDO authentication is still vulnerable to first
and second-party fraud, and an enterprise still does not know with certainty who is behind that device . In short 
device authentication by itself simply does not provide an indisputable audit trail of Who made a purchase, or Who 
transferred funds. 

Our Verified
platform solves this problem by offering adaptive authentication by combining Something You Have your FIDO2 device 
with Something You Are your Verified Selfie . Together device biometrics coupled with cloud biometrics eliminate
passwords, while delivering the highest identity assurance, secured by a seamless user experience. 

Identity Verification Impact Across Sectors 

Financial services,
ecommerce, the sharing economy, and healthcare businesses are confronted by the challenges of identifying their customers, patients
and benefits recipients with ease and certainty in the digital world. Organizations across all sectors need to control access to
their data and technology systems by their employees. Governments around the world are imposing new data privacy and authentication
regulations, which also impose a call to action for many of these businesses and organizations. authID s
approach is to offer our products to enterprises and organizations for their customers in a Customer Identity Access
Management CIAM model as well as for their employees in a workforce model. 

4 

Financial Services Fintech 

Financial services
institutions are facing a range of digital transformation challenges and a growth in the embrace of non-traditional fin-tech providers,
such as non-bank lending companies, peer-to-peer mobile payment apps and the rapid emergence of cryptocurrencies, NFT s and other
digital assets exchanges. Key to this effort is providing enhanced digital customer experience while balancing the need for high assurance
identity authentication to prevent fraud and account take-over throughout the customer journey, 

Convenience, however, traditionally
opposes stronger identity assurance the easier it is to open or access an account, the less safeguards there may be to prevent
fraud. Javelin Strategy Research found that in 2021 identity fraud losses in the US financial services industry exceeded 52 billion.
(Javelin Strategy Research 2022 Identity Fraud Report 2022). The study reported that identity fraud losses due to
the use of a consumer s personal information amounted to 24 billion and impacted 15 million U.S. consumers. Identity fraud scams
that involved direct contact with victims by criminals, to steal passwords and other personally identifiable information totaled 28 billion
and affected 27 million U.S. consumers. 

LexisNexis
found that the cost of fraud for U.S. financial services and lending firms has increased, with every 1 of fraud loss now costing U.S.
financial services firms 4, up 25 from 2019. Their study also found that fraudsters followed consumer s pandemic shift towards
mobile transactions, with more than half of surveyed financial services firms reporting a 10 or greater increase in fraud in the mobile
channel LexisNexis True Cost of Fraud Study: Financial Services Lending , 2021). And with 40 of all
fraudulent activity related to account takeover reported to occur within a day after the attack, the need for strong customer authentication
is critical. 

Experts recommend that efforts
to combat this fraud must focus on moving consumers from static passwords to safer authentication methods. According to Gartner, their
clients are increasingly seeking passwordless authentication methods such as FIDO2 Strong Authentication to improve user
experience and enhance security by eliminating centrally stored passwords a key target for cyber criminals (Gartner Research Ibid).
Goode Intelligence believes that mobile biometrics are key to securely effecting this transformation and forecasts that over 5.8 trillion
of mobile biometric payments will be made annually and over three billion biometric payment users by 2026 (Goode Intelligence Mobile
Biometrics for Financial Services; Market and Technology Analysis, Adoption Strategies and Forecasts 2021-2026 2021). 

Healthcare 

Since 2020, remote healthcare
services have expanded exponentially - virtual urgent-care visits spiked by 683 between March and April 2020, while virtual, nonurgent
care visits grew by an unprecedented 4,345 (Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association COVID-19 transforms health
care through telemedicine: Evidence from the field 2020). ResearchAndMarkets predicts that the global telemedicine market will
increase from 91 billion in 2022 to over 380 billion by 2030. (ResearchAndMarkets Telemedicine Market Research Report 2022 to
2030 . 2022). 

Unfortunately, with this shift
to remote care, a record of weak authentication practices such as shared passwords, and a trove of rich personal data, the healthcare
market is believed to be even more susceptible to identity fraud. Further, IBM reported that the healthcare sector continued to be the
highest data breach cost industry for the 12th year in a row, with the average cost of a breach increasing to 10.10 million in 2022,
an increase of 9.4 over 2021(IBM Security Cost of Data Breach Report 2022 2022). In
2021, health data breaches impacted more than 40 million people, and over 550 organizations reported such violations to the US Department
of Health and Human Services (Health IT Security 2021). 

Medical identity
theft has an annual economic impact of around 41 billion a year and the value of stolen medical information is 10 times the value of
stolen credit cards. Identity thieves can use compromised medical records to acquire medical treatment, receive elective surgery, and
even fill prescriptions using the victim s personal details. In one study, 20 percent of victims indicated they got the wrong diagnosis
or treatment, or that their care was delayed because there was confusion about what was true in their records due to identity theft. In
addition, because there are currently no regulatory consumer protections in place that limit the financial liabilities for medical identity
fraud, the average out-of-pocket cost to victims is 13,500 (Medical Identity Fraud Alliance). 

Privacy Regulations (Ethical AI) 

All business,
governmental and other sectors of society are impacted by the need for organizations to comply with increasing data privacy and authentication
regulations. The European Union has led the way with its General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, widely considered the gold standard
of data privacy regulation, and other jurisdictions around the world are scrambling to catch up. The United States has been slow and has
only limited regulation at the federal level, which applies only to specific industries such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act, or HIPAA. It is therefore falling to the States and local authorities to adopt data privacy requirements such as the California Consumer
Privacy Act or CCP and Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act or BIPA, which are being cloned by other jurisdictions. We believe
that this growing trend will impose an urgency on organizations of all descriptions to improve their data security and privacy processes,
and we believe that biometric identity verification will be a key part of the solution. 

5 

We are dedicated
to developing advanced methods of protecting consumer privacy and deploying ethical and socially responsible AI. Our products are critical
to onboarding consumers globally into the digital economy, while better securing their assets and privacy. 

We believe
that a proactive commitment to ethical AI presents a strong business opportunity for authID and will enable us to bring more accurate
products to market more quickly and with less risk to better serve our global user base. Our methods to achieve ethical AI include engaging
the users of our products with informed consent, prioritizing the security of our user s personal information, considering and avoiding
potential bias in our algorithms, and monitoring of algorithm performance in our applications. 

Our Solutions and Products 

We have established
our Verified platform with internally developed software as well as acquired and licensed technology, which provide the following services:
(1) biometric capture and matching (e.g. for faces,); (2) remote document collection and authentication; (3) multi-factor / human factor
authentication and passwordless login; and (4) step-up verification for electronic transactions (e.g. for high value payment transactions). 

VerifiedTM Platform Solutions 

authID s
customers can leverage our Verified Platform by using a simple RESTful API integration. In 2022, with the release of our Verified 3.0
platform, we also make certain services available through OpenID Connect (OIDC) Protocols and our CloudConnect integrations to identity
access management (IAM) and financial services technology vendors . The product suite includes a range of developer integration
tools and documentation that help our customers and CloudConnect partners easily configure their identity and transaction authentication
solutions. Our platform is designed to support a wide variety of identity and electronic transactions across a broad range of verticals.
Our technical implementation team assists our customers and systems integrators to configure the API calls to our platform, and biometric
identity authentication services to meet a specific commercial, geographic or market need. We can thereby provide the next level of unphishable
authentication, transaction security, control and identity assurance for everyday transactions. The Company offers the following Verified
platform capabilities: 

BIOMETRIC IDENTITY VERIFICATION establishes the trusted
identity of users based on a variety of ground truth sources, including chip-based electronic machine-readable travel documents (or eMRTDs),
national IDs, driver s licenses. Using government issued identity documents, our Verified platform can automatically evaluate the
authenticity of security features present on the document, and biometrically match the reference picture of the document with a live
user s selfie (a photograph that one has taken of oneself). Identity verification ensures that the person presenting the identity
document is its legitimate owner and is physically present, thereby establishing trust that the enterprise is interacting with the true
account owner. This product can eliminate the need for costly face-to-face, in-person ID checks and instead can provide a verified identity
in seconds. In a world of increasing fraud and security threats, Verified offers our customers confidence in the identities of customers,
employees or third-party vendors. 

HUMAN FACTOR AUTHENTICATION OR HFA delivers
trusted FIDO2 strong authentication for device-based passwordless login and transaction authentication that is tied to a trusted identity.
HFA establishes a digital chain of trust between biometrically verified individuals, their accounts, and their devices. HFA eliminates
password vulnerabilities and stops phishing attacks to protect users and systems against account takeovers, sim swap attacks, and man-in-the-middle
attacks. The service can reduce costs of expensive password resets and increase customer satisfaction by getting rid of often forgotten
or detectable secret questions (knowledge-based authentication or KBA) or one-time passcodes (or OTP). HFA leverages the digital chain
of trust between the user s proven identity and biometrics, thereby enabling seamless, self-service identity affirmation when a
user adds, or replaces their device a more cost-effective solution that does not require live support desk assistance. 

Using public-key cryptography united
with one-touch device-based biometrics and/or security keys, HFA also enables convenient and secure compliance with European
Union-wide PSD2 strong customer authentication requirements. HFA enables consumers to use biometric authentication with any FIDO2 registered
device and HFA can help organizations comply with applicable privacy laws. 

CLOUD-BASED BIOMETRIC MULTI-FACTOR AUTHENTICATION provides
any bank, enterprise or government department a secure, convenient application for identity verification and transaction consent as part
of any type of electronic transaction, for example when device- based authentication is not available or sufficient. Integration to the
authID Verified platform allows an enterprise to utilize cloud biometric authentication solution that meets their needs to secure high-risk
transactions with a higher level of certainty. The authID APIs provide a simple and secure way to access our Verified Platform with a
user experience that seamlessly integrates into our customers applications. Users can authenticate their identity through a mobile
phone or portable device of their choosing (as opposed to dedicated hardware). The solution includes a detailed audit trail created for
each transaction, containing the digitally signed transaction details with proof of identity authentication and consent. 

6 

IDENTITY - PORTAL enables enterprises to get started
with our identity products without any integration. The portal allows our enterprise customers to biometrically verify identity of their
users or authenticate transactions with a biometric audit trail simply by initiating transactions from the Portal. 

Other Identity Products 

SEARCHTM Our biometric matching software, comprising
front-end application software for desktop fingerprint capture, and image processing as well as a back-end fingerprint matching software
solution using our own proprietary algorithms and includes an identity management system SEARCH has been successfully used for public
elections in Africa, as well as for a governmental application in the United States. 

Growth Strategy 

To achieve our goals of increasing
our product penetration in the identity authentication market, the following plans comprise our growth strategy. authID intends to expand
our focus on channel partners, by signing payment processors, system integrators and additional software suppliers. The Company also intends
to increase its investment in developing, patenting and acquiring the various elements necessary to enhance our Verified platform, which
are intended to allow us to achieve our growth goals. 

Channel Strategy 

We intend to
expand upon our channel strategy in order to bring our products to a broad market in an efficient and cost-effective way. We have signed
and are pursuing channel partners that play a key role in their respective verticals. We are also pursuing additional strategic partners,
including payment processors, system integrators and software suppliers. 

These channel
partners provide access to their wide-ranging enterprise customer portfolios, including new fintech disruptors, merchant services, ecommerce
and sharing economy businesses, all of whom we believe could benefit from the use of our identity verification and authentication software
products. By entering into agreements with such channel partners and leveraging their relationships, we believe we can expand our footprint
much more rapidly and cost effectively, as compared to pursuing direct sales efforts with each customer. We continue to maintain a small,
high-touch, strategic sales team to identify new use cases and drive expansion and standardization on authID within our partners 
customer portfolios. 

Innovation 

As banking,
fintech, healthcare providers, traditional and online retailers, continue to drive digital transformation across their channels, we aim
to be at the forefront by developing new software products that leverage our platform and core competencies in biometric identity authentication.
Our focus on innovation, is intended to add value to and retain our existing customers, as well as attract new customers. authID intends
to build on its patented and patent pending solutions by using machine learning to enhance the artificial intelligence capabilities of
our Verified software and platform. Our mission is to make the authID biometric Verified platform the fastest and most accurate in the
market, and then to continually improve our platform to maintain our leading position. 

Consumer frustration
with passwords, along with phishing attacks, social engineering and data breaches have driven the need to eliminate passwords and accelerate
adoption of multifactor security across all channels. Today there are more than 5 billion smartphones, laptops and tablets around the
world that can be used as secure authentication devices to access online services and authorize transactions. These trends are driving
the need for a simple, secure, and fast way to manage device registration and deregistration. By combining our patent pending methods
for single message authentication, authorization, and audit, and for device registration through strong identity verification, authID
has created an Identity Recovery (IDR) software product that puts device management in the control of the account owner. By eliminating
the need for users to contact a support center, this product helps our enterprise customers reduce their systems and personnel costs for
supporting users attempting to recover their identity or register a new device for authentication. 

7 

We are a member of the FIDO
Alliance, the leading international organization comprising global leaders in technology that help establish best practices for FIDO authentication
deployment. FIDO compliant solutions eliminate passwords by using the combination of biometric verification and device authentication
via cryptographic security, thereby speeding up and securing user login. Our Verified FIDO2 passwordless
authentication branded HFA is certified by the FIDO Alliance to be compliant and interoperable with FIDO specifications.

In November
2021, the Company received a US patent for Systems and Methods Using a Primary Account Number to Represent Identity Attributes (the
 777 Patent ). The 777 Patent is for a method that enables various attributes of the individual, to be securely linked
to a Primary Account Number (PAN) to authenticate the user s identity. The PAN of a user may then be used for identifying a user,
without any sensitive data being released, as well as used to provide access, such as accessing a bank account, or other payment method
of the user. The PAN has become the most ubiquitous way of processing credit card and other payment transactions, which can be sent over
established communications networks between banks and merchants anywhere in the world. Using this invention, identity authentication transactions
can be authorized via the individual s biometrics, such as the user s unique facial features and routed over the same networks
in the same way as payment transactions. 

In May 2022,
the Company received a US patent for A Method and System for Transaction Authorization Based on a Parallel Autonomous Channel
Multi-User and Multi-Factor Authentication (the 299 Patent ). The 299 Patent protects a core component
of authID s intellectual property relating to its Verified identity verification platform. The patent comprises a method that enables
an account holder to authorize a transaction, and at the same time a third-party identity verifier (such as authID) to validate the identity
of the account holder, for example through a personal code or biometrics, and confirm the account holder s consent for the transaction.
By orchestrating authentication transactions, authID s method combines explicit consent for the transaction with identity verification,
and creates a permanent record of both, for all parties, secured with a unique digital signature. 

Select Acquisitions 

As we have
done in the past, we intend to selectively pursue acquisitions that will help us achieve our strategic goals, enhance our technology capabilities
and accelerate growth. We believe pursuing these types of acquisitions will increase our ability to work with existing customers, add
new customers, enter new markets, develop new services and enhance our processing platform capabilities. However, we have no commitments
with respect to any such acquisitions at this time. 

Marketing and Sales 

The Company
will primarily target these market segments: 1) fintech and other disrupters of traditional commerce, 2) businesses requiring zero-trust
authentication for their workforce and 3) Fortune 1000 enterprises via channel and OEM partnerships established with some of the largest
identity access management providers (IAM), privileged access management companies (PAM), risk engines, payment providers, and adjacent
software providers. To serve these segments, we have begun to offer turn-key solutions via authID s Verified CloudConnect program,
supporting industry leading IAM, banking and ecommerce platforms to allow our software to be easily deployed with low-code or even no-code
implementations. 

Our branding
and messaging will focus on the fact that all three segments understand the critical requirement to deliver unphishable authentication
without friction. The Company s marketing will emphasize the high return on investment that any business whether for their workforce
or consumer applications can achieve if they replace password models with passwordless, biometric authentication software. We intend to
draw prospects to authID by our ability to empower them to fight synthetic identities, account takeovers, phishing attacks while achieving
their digital transformation goals. The contracts we seek will be of a recurring nature where we receive an annual fee for every active
user (who logs into an application, changes their account profile, or attempts a high value transaction). 

In order to achieve these goals
and thereby drive sales and new revenue, the Company continues to focus on our sales activities, as well as invest in innovative technologies. 

Revenue Model 

Verified software licenses 

The Company
provides its new Verified platform services based on a subscription model, with tiered fees per enrolled user Verified Workforce) or active
user (Verified Consumer), comprising a periodic subscription and where applicable a per transaction for proof transaction and the number
of proof transactions required per year (for example the number of times a consumer is required to present proof of identity). 

8 

Competition 

authID offers
its Verified Identity Authentication platform allowing the Company to on-board customers who wish to deploy our services and solutions
in order to eliminate passwords and know with biometric certainty the user who is engaging with their systems. authID s solutions
include the ability to verify the identity of a user, via remote identity verification, then enable device and transaction authentication
using both device and cloud biometrics and, all digitally signed by the user s identity. The Company s platform allows our
customers users to engage with the Verified platform using commodity, consumer grade mobile or desktop devices via a web-browser
or corresponding Android or iOS smartphone app. 

The Company s
proprietary, patented Verified platform allows our customers to establish trust in identity, authenticate and verify an identity without
a password but with both device and biometric certainty, and not with phishable passwords or one-time pin codes. authID.ai s Verified
platform has several identity verification and authentication products each facing different competitors and incumbent technologies we
can replace. 

For onboarding
users, employees or customers remotely, Verified delivers seamless identity verification with quick, online identity document verification
and facial biometric matching of a selfie to the identity credential photo with iBeta-certified liveness confirmation. Our FIDO2 strong
customer authentication and passwordless login product leverages strong identity verification during device authenticator registration
to create a digital chain of trust between biometrically verified individuals, their accounts, and their devices. Our FIDO2 authentication
service also eliminates the risks and costs of legacy passwords and phishable MFA such as one-time pin codes. Rooted to a trusted identity
obtained during the identity verification and onboarding process, our Verified biometric multi-factor authentication offers high-assurance,
biometric, cloud-based, multi-factor authentication to secure high-risk transactions. 

In reviewing
the competitors that exist for the Company s current and planned platform products relating to the three main elements of identity
management: the establishing of identity, use of identity through device-based biometric authentication, and use of identity through cloud-based
biometric verification, the Company considers a number of factors. authID s platform utilizes an Identity as a Service (IDaaS) approach
which combines the three elements into a single fast, secure, and fully automated, platform. authID believes that this full stack platform
approach is exceptional in that it offers documentary identity verification, FIDO device authentication, and cloud based, biometric, multi-factor
verification covering digital account access and transaction confirmation use cases for both consumer and workforce applications. The
competitive landscape includes several companies that mainly address only one element, with some addressing multiple elements independently
without a seamless integration between them. 

In looking
further at our competition, the Company does not consider providers which are major conglomerates with vertically integrated cybersecurity
companies, due to the vast array of services which they offer. Furthermore, some of the competitors which do offer solutions for digital
use cases, are major legacy providers offering hardware heavy solutions principally for governmental users. These include Idemia, Thales,
and Supercom. This is in contrast to authID s Identity authentication platform approach which is based on offering app and browser-based
software products which are usable on mobile and desktop computing devices without additional hardware requirements. 

To further
breakdown the competitive landscape into companies that provide identity proofing we consider the following competitors: Jumio, Au10Tix,
OnFido, Mitek, Trulioo, ID.me, Veriff, and Acuant. Companies that provide only a single solution may be seeking to combine with authentication
and biometric verification technology providers to expand their ID proofing solutions capabilities. authID offers Identity Verification,
which is used once at enrollment, whereas our authentication service is used over and over in a recurring revenue model. In appropriate
cases we may decide to cooperate with these entities and yield the one-time revenue to gain the recurring authentication revenue. 

Another aspect
of the competitive landscape is device-based authentication products using the FIDO2 passwordless standard. Companies that are believed
to be competing with authID in this area are: HYPR, Strongkey, Daon, Trusona, Callsign, Duo and Transmit Security. 

authID believes
that the added security of combining integrated cloud biometric authentication with device based FIDO2 authentication with integrated
cloud biometric authentication meets the Zero Trust mandates for unphishable authentication that provides both device and identity signals
of a user. Further the simplicity of looking at your phone to trust your selfie should compete well against these incumbents,
and offer a more adoptable, ubiquitous, and cost-effective solution without dedicated hardware. 

Finally, looking
at the competitive landscape for cloud-based biometric identity authentication applications the companies that are believed to be competing
with authID in this area are Jumio, Aware, Acuant, Au10Tix, and 1Kosmos. 

There are new
entrants into each of these markets continually. Each competitor may have a different offering or approach to solve similar problems,
which overlap with those of the Company. Some competitors also include manufacturers who provide systems, or platform solutions to third
party operators and, therefore, do not directly compete with the Company, which operates its own systems. 

9 

Governmental Regulations 

The Company does not need
or require any approval from government authorities or agencies in order to operate its regular business and operations. However, it
is possible that any proposed expansion to the Company s business and operations in the future would require government
approvals. 

Due to the
security applications and biometric technology associated with the Company s products and platforms, the activities and operations
of the Company are subject to license restrictions and other regulations, such as (without limitation) export controls and other security
regulation by government agencies. Expansion of the Company s activities in payment processing may in due course require government
licensing in different jurisdictions and may subject it to additional regulation and oversight. 

Data protection
legislation in various countries in which the Company does business (including Colombia) may require it to register its databases with
governmental authorities in those countries and to comply with additional disclosure and consent requirements with regard to the collection,
storage and use of personal information of individuals resident in those countries. In addition, a new privacy law took effect in California
at the beginning of 2020, and in Maine in July 2020, and other states, such as New York are considering additional legislation. Specifically,
several states have adopted or are considering adopting a Biometric Information Privacy Act, or BIPA modelled on the Illinois statute,
which governs the collection, processing, storage and distribution of biometric information such as facial biometric templates and fingerprints.
Several of these new statutes give individuals rights of action to sue violators, which have resulted in a number of class action law
suits. These regulations could have a significant impact on our businesses. 

Human Capital Employees and Organization 

The Company is dedicated to offering
an exciting career to the best and brightest technical talent around the globe. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a total of approximately
25 employees who are located in the United States and Colombia as well as outsourced service providers. There are 21 employees in the
United States who provide overall Company strategic, business and technological leadership. Employees in the U.S. receive health benefits
on a cost-sharing basis and employees in Colombia are provided the respective Government required benefits. 

On February 14, 2023, the Board
of Directors of authID Inc. resolved to implement a revised budget for 2023 in order to reduce expenses and cash requirements and as part
of such revised budget decided to re-balance staffing levels to better align with the evolving needs of the Company (the Labor
Reduction Plan ). Under the Labor Reduction Plan the Company intends that up to 20 of the Company s 31 employees and contractors
be terminated, of which 21 are United States based employees. 12 employees and 6 contractors have been given notice of their termination
and the remainder may be terminated over the next several months. 

Subsidiaries 

Currently,
the Company has four U.S. subsidiaries: Innovation in Motion Inc., Fin Holdings, Inc., ID Solutions Inc. and authID Gaming Inc. The Company
has one subsidiary in Colombia: MultiPay S.A.S. The Company has one subsidiary in the United Kingdom: Ipsidy Enterprises Limited. The
Company is the sole shareholder of all of its subsidiaries. 

Recent Developments 

On
March 21, 2022, the Company entered into a Facility Agreement with Stephen J. Garchik, who was and is a shareholder of the Company Garchik ),
pursuant to which Garchik agreed to provide to the Company a 10.0 million unsecured standby line of credit facility that could be drawn
down in several tranches, subject to certain conditions described in the Facility Agreement (the Original Facility Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Original Facility Agreement, the Company paid Garchik a facility commitment fee of 100,000 shares of our common stock
(the Facility Commitment Fee upon the effective date of the Original Facility Agreement. 

10 

On
March 8, 2023, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Facility Agreement with Garchik, pursuant to which the Company and Garchik
amended and restated the Original Facility Agreement in its entirety (the A R Facility Agreement ), to replace
the credit facility contemplated by the Original Facility Agreement with (i) an initial credit facility to the Company in an amount of
 900,000 (the Initial Funding and (ii) the parties to use their reasonable best efforts after the Initial Funding
to negotiate the terms of a subsequent credit facility in the aggregate amount of 2,700,000 (the Subsequent Funding ). 

On
March 9, 2023, pursuant to the A R Facility Agreement, the Company entered into a promissory note in favor of Garchik (the Initial
Promissory Note ), pursuant to which Garchik loaned 900,000 (the Principal Amount to the Company. At
the same time, as a condition to Garchik providing the Principal Amount, certain of the Company s subsidiaries, ID Solutions, Inc.,
FIN Holdings, Inc. and Innovation in Motion, Inc. (the Guarantors entered into a guaranty of the Initial Promissory
Note with Garchik (the Guaranty ). 

A R Facility Agreement 

Under
the A R Facility Agreement, Garchik agreed to provide the Initial Funding to the Company upon receipt of a fully executed Initial
Promissory Note and an executed Release Agreement relating to the Original Facility Agreement (the Release Agreement ).
The Company and Garchik agreed to use reasonable best efforts to negotiate the terms of the Subsequent Funding and negotiations continue,
but the A R Facility Agreement will terminate if definitive documentation for the Subsequent Funding is not entered into before July
1, 2023, for any reason other than breach of a party s obligations. 

While
the terms of the Subsequent Funding are subject to due diligence and final documentation, a summary of selected terms of the
proposed financing is attached to the A R Facility Agreement as Exhibit B thereto. The Subsequent Funding would
be a 2,700,000 secured note facility with a 12 per annum interest rate, paid in kind, capitalized and added to the balance of the
loan on a quarterly basis, calculated on a 360-day year basis, on the outstanding aggregate balance of the Subsequent Facility. The
Subsequent Facility will mature twenty-four (24) months after effectiveness. Garchik will be granted a fully perfected,
non-avoidable, first-priority security interest and lien on all assets of the Company. The Subsequent Facility would be the senior
obligation of the Company and will rank senior in right to payment of the obligations under the existing Senior Secured Convertible
Notes entered into between the Company and certain noteholders on March 21, 2022 (the Convertible Notes and
the liens granted in connection with the Subsequent Facility shall rank pari passu with the liens granted to
holders of the Convertible Notes. Pursuant to this, the Company will use reasonable best efforts to obtain the consent of two-thirds
of the holders of Convertible Notes. 

In satisfaction
of a condition precedent to the Initial Funding under the A R Facility Agreement, Thomas L. Thimot, Phillip L. Kumnick, Philip R.
Broenniman, Michael A. Gorriz and Neepa Patel, comprising all directors of the Company s Board of Directors other than Joseph Trelin,
Michael L. Koehneman and Jacqueline L. White (the Remaining Directors ), delivered to the Company executed resignation
letters in escrow (the Board Resignation Letters that became effective as of the Initial Funding. Also in satisfaction
of a condition precedent to the Initial Funding under the A R Facility Agreement, on March 9, 2023, the Board of Directors appointed
Joseph Trelin to the Company s Compensation and Audit Committees, effective as of the Initial Funding. On March 16, 2023, the Board
of Directors appointed Joseph Trelin to the Chairman of the Board effective immediately. 

The A R Facility Agreement also provided Garchik with the right
to nominate four (4) designees (not counting any Remaining Directors) (the New Designees to be considered for election
to the Board of Directors (the Nomination Right ). In satisfaction of a condition precedent to the Initial Funding
under the A R Facility Agreement, as described in greater detail in Item 5.02 of this Current Report, the Board of Directors appointed
four (4) New Designees to the Board, effective as of the Initial Funding. The Company also agreed that the Board of Directors would, promptly
following the closing of the Initial Funding, evaluate candidates for appointment as replacement of Mr. Thimot as Chief Executive Officer
and that, upon the earlier of appointment of a new Chief Executive Officer or April 3, 2023, Mr. Thimot s resignation letter as
Chief Executive Officer will be declared effective. The Company appointed Rhoniel A Daguro as Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Thimot s
resignation became effective on March 23, 2023. 

Initial Promissory
Note 

Interest
accrues on the Principal Amount until paid in full at a per annum rate equal to 15 , computed on the basis of a 360-day year and twelve
30-day months, payable in arrears on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each year commencing March 31, 2023 or the first
business day following each such date if any such date falls on a day which is not a business day, in cash. The Principal Amount shall
mature on March 31, 2025. 

The
Company made standard (i) affirmative covenants to Garchik, including, but not limited to, in regard to its existence, payment obligations,
business activities, financial information and use of proceeds and (ii) negative covenants to Garchik, including, but not limited to,
in regard to the rank of indebtedness, incurrence of indebtedness, maintenance of insurance and properties, transactions with affiliates
and disposition of assets. 

11 

While
the Initial Promissory Note is unsecured, in the event of either (I) the conversion of the Convertible Notes of all amounts outstanding
thereunder and the release of all liens over the Company s assets granted by and through the Transaction Documents (as defined in
the Convertible Notes) or (II) receipt of the consent of the requisite holders of the Convertible Notes, in each case, the Company will,
as collateral security for the due and punctual payment and performance of all obligations under the Initial Promissory Note, pledge and
assign to Garchik a first-priority, continuing security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company, subject to exclusions
consistent with those contained in the Transaction Documents. The Company has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to deliver to
Garchik an amendment to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2022 (the SPA ), pursuant to which
the Convertible Notes were purchased, permitting the grant of that collateral security to Garchik. Upon the grant of that collateral security,
interest will accrue on the outstanding Principal Amount under the Initial Promissory Note at a per annum rate equal to 12 , paid in kind,
capitalized and added to the balance of the loan on a quarterly basis, calculated on a 360-day year basis. 

The
Initial Promissory Note includes customary Events of Default, including, among other things, (i) failing to make payment of any of the
Principal Amount or interest due and such failure continues for not less than 5 business days without being cured; (ii) any representation
or warranty in the Initial Promissory note being untrue in any material respect and such failure continuing for a period of not less than
5 business days without being cured; or (iii) the Initial Promissory Note shall for any reason cease to be, or shall be asserted by the
Company or any affiliate thereof not to be, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company. Upon an Event of Default, Garchik can
declare all outstanding amounts under the Initial Promissory Note due, along with any accrued interest. 

Guaranty 

In
connection with the Company and Garchik entering into the Initial Promissory Note, each Guarantor of the Company agreed to, for the benefit
and security of Garchik, guarantee the payment and performance all of the Company s obligations under the Initial Promissory Note
and the Guaranty. 

Release Agreement 

In
connection with the A R Facility Agreement, on March 9, 2023, the Company and Garchik entered into the Release Agreement, pursuant
to which the Company and Garchik mutually agreed to release any and all rights to make a claim against the other and any existing claims
against the other arising out of or relating to the Original Facility Agreement. 

Additional Information 

The
foregoing is only a summary of the material terms of the A R Facility Agreement, the Initial Promissory Note, the Guaranty, the Release
Agreement and the other transaction documents, and does not purport to be a complete description of the rights and obligations of the
parties thereunder. The summary of the A R Facility Agreement, the Initial Promissory Note, the Guaranty, the Release Agreement is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the forms of such agreements, which are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report and are incorporated
by reference herein. 

Pursuant
to the Nomination Right under the A R Facility Agreement, Mr. Garchik nominated Rhon Daguro, Ken Jisser, Michael Thompson and Thomas
Szoke for appointment to the Board of Directors. On March 9, 2023, the Board of Directors appointed Messrs. Daguro, Jisser,
Thompson and Szoke as additional directors of the Company (the Additional Directors and reduced the size of the
Board of Directors from 8 directors to 7 directors, with effect from the resignations of the Retiring Directors. Under the terms of the
A R Facility Agreement, the Nomination Right expired upon the appointment of the four (4) Additional Directors to the Board of Directors. 

12 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Summary of Risk Factors The following summarizes
the principal factors that make an investment in our company speculative or risky, all of which are more fully described in the Risk Factors
section below. This summary should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and should not be relied upon as an exhaustive
summary of the material risks facing our business. The following factors could result in harm to our business, reputation, revenue, financial
results, and prospects, among other impacts: 

We have a history of losses and we may not be able to achieve
profitability going forward. 

We have yet to achieve positive
cash flow and, given our projected funding needs, our ability to generate positive cash flow is uncertain. 

Our limited operating history
makes it difficult for us to evaluate our future business prospects and make decisions based on those estimates of our future performance. 

There can be no assurance
that we will successfully commercialize our products that are currently in development or that our existing products will sustain market
acceptance. 

We depend upon key personnel
and need additional personnel. 

The market for our products
is characterized by changing technology, requirements, standards and products, and we may be adversely affected if we do not respond
promptly and effectively to these changes. 

If our technology and solutions
are not adopted and used by customer organizations, we will not be able to grow our business and our operations will be negatively affected. 

We have sought in the past
and may seek in the future to enter into contracts with governments, as well as state and local governmental agencies and municipalities,
which subjects us to certain risks associated with such types of contracts. 

We rely in part on third-party
software to develop and provide our solutions. 

We have historically depended
upon a small number of large system sales ranging from 50,000 to 1,500,000 and we may fail to achieve one or more large system sales
in the future, or fail to successfully transition to new products generating recurring revenues. 

Our efforts to expand our
international operations are subject to a number of risks, any of which could adversely reduce our future international sales and increase
our losses . 

We are exposed to risks
in operating in foreign markets, which may make operating in those markets difficult and thereby force us to curtail our business operations. 

Breaches of network or information
technology security, presentation attacks, natural disasters or terrorist attacks could have an adverse effect on our business. 

The War in Ukraine may impact the business of the Company, the
 markets in which it operates and the financial markets, in which the Company needs to raise capital. 

Interruptions, delays in
service or defects in our systems could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business. 

Third parties could obtain
access to our proprietary information or could independently develop similar technologies. 

Third parties may assert
that we are infringing their intellectual property rights; IP litigation could require us to incur substantial costs even when our efforts
are successful. 

Our officers, directors
and holders of 5 of outstanding shares together beneficially own a significant portion of our Common Stock and, as a result, can exercise
control over stockholder and corporate actions. 

13 

We face competition. Some
of our competitors have greater financial or other resources, longer operating histories and greater name recognition than we do and
one or more of these competitors could use their greater resources and/or name recognition to gain market share at our expense or could
make it very difficult for us to establish market share. 

Government regulation could
negatively impact the business. 

Our business is subject
to changing regulations regarding corporate governance, disclosure controls, internal control over financial reporting and other compliance
areas that will increase both our costs and the risk of noncompliance. If we fail to comply with these regulations, we could face difficulties
in preparing and filing timely and accurate financial reports. 

Our amended and restated
bylaws designate certain courts as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by
our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our
directors, officers, or employees. 

We are an emerging
growth company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies 
will make our Common Stock less attractive to investors. 

There can be no assurance
that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of the Nasdaq Capital Market. Our failure to meet the continued listing
requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market could result in a de-listing of our Common Stock. 

Sales of a substantial number
of shares of our Common Stock in the public market by our existing stockholders could cause our share price to fall. 

We may be subject to securities
litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 

If securities or industry
analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business or our market, or if they adversely change their
recommendations or publish negative reports regarding our business or our Common Stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The market price of our
common stock has been volatile and your investment in our stock could suffer a decline in value. 

We do not anticipate paying
any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We have a history of losses and we may not be able to
achieve profitability going forward. 

We have an
accumulated deficit of approximately 140.1 million as of December 31, 2022 and incurred an operating loss of approximately 24.2 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022. We have had net losses in most of our quarters since our inception. We expect that we will continue
to incur net losses in 2023. We may incur losses in the future for a number of reasons, including the other risks described in this report,
and we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown events. Accordingly, we may not be able
to achieve or maintain profitability. Our management is developing plans and executing certain programs to alleviate the negative trends
and conditions described above, however there is no guarantee that such plans will be successfully implemented. Our ability to curtail
our operating losses or generate a profit may be further impacted by the fact that our business plan is largely unproven. There is no
assurance that even if we successfully implement our business plan, that we will be able to curtail our losses. If we incur significant
additional operating losses, our stock price may decline, perhaps significantly and the Company will need to raise substantial additional
capital in order to be able to continue to operate, which will dilute the existing stockholders and such dilution may be significant.
Additional capital may not be available on terms acceptable to the Company, or at all. 

We have yet to achieve positive cash flow and, given
our projected funding needs, our ability to generate positive cash flow is uncertain. 

We have had
negative cash flow from operating activities of approximately 12.8 million and approximately 8.8 million for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We anticipate that we will continue to have negative cash flows from operating activities through March
31, 2024 as we expect to incur increased research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. Our business
will require significant amounts of working capital to support our growth, particularly as we seek to introduce our new offered products.
An inability to generate positive cash flow from operations may adversely affect our ability to raise needed capital for our business
on reasonable terms, if at all. It may also diminish supplier or customer willingness to enter into transactions with us, and have other
adverse effects that may impact our long-term viability. There can be no assurance we will achieve positive cash flows in the foreseeable
future. 

14 

We need access
to additional financing, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we cannot access additional financing when
we need it and on acceptable terms, our business, prospects, financial condition, operating results and ability to continue as a going
concern will be adversely affected. 

Our growth-oriented business
plan to offer products to our customers will require continued capital investment. Our research and development activities will also require
continued investment. We raised approximately 22.5 million and 11.1 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, through equity and debt
financing at varying terms. 

On February 14, 2023, the Board of Directors of authID resolved to
implement a revised budget for 2023 in order to reduce expenses and cash requirements and as part of such revised budget decided to re-balance
staffing levels to better align with the evolving needs of the Company (the Labor Reduction Plan ). Under the Labor Reduction
Plan the Company intends that up to 20 of the Company s 31 employees and contractors be terminated, of which 21 are United States
based employees. 12 employees and 6 contractors have been given notice of their termination and the remainder may be terminated over the
next several months. The Company has also given termination notice to certain vendors and contractors that provide services to the Company.
As a result, the Company s revised budget is expected to reduce the Company s monthly net cash used in operating activities,
which reduces the expenses and cash requirements for the continued operation of the business. Therefore in order to implement and grow
our operations through March 31, 2024, and achieve an expected annual revenue stream from our products, we expect that we will need to
raise additional capital or finance facilities. There is no guarantee that our current business plan will not change, and as a result
of such change, we will need additional capital to implement such business plan. Further, assuming we achieve our expected growth plan,
of which there is no guarantee, we will need additional capital to implement growth beyond our current business plan. 

Our limited operating history
makes it difficult for us to evaluate our future business prospects and make decisions based on those estimates of our future performance . 

We have been
an emerging growth company since beginning operations. As an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of reduced reporting requirements
that are otherwise applicable to public companies. We may take advantage of these provisions until December 31, 2023. However, if certain
events occur prior to such date, including if we are deemed a large accelerated filer under the Exchange Act, our annual
gross revenues exceed 1.07 billion or we issue more than 1.0 billion of non-convertible debt in any three-year period, we may cease
to be an emerging growth company prior to such date. We have a limited operating history and have generated limited revenue. As we look
to further expand our existing products it is difficult, if not impossible, to forecast our future results based upon our historical data.
Because of the uncertainties related to our lack of historical operations, we may be hindered in our ability to anticipate and timely
adapt to increases or decreases in revenues or expenses. If we make poor budgetary decisions as a result of unreliable historical data,
we could be less profitable or incur losses, which may result in a decline in our stock price. 

There can be no assurance that
we will successfully commercialize our products that are currently in development or that our existing products will sustain market acceptance. 

There is no
assurance that we will ever successfully commercialize our platform and related solutions that are under development or that we will experience
market reception for our products in development or increased market reception for our existing products. There is no guarantee that we
will be able to successfully implement our new products utilizing the acquired technology, products, and customer base. There is no assurance
that our existing products or solutions will achieve market acceptance or that our new products or solutions will achieve market acceptance.
Further, there can be no guarantee that we will not lose business to our existing or potential new competitors. 

We depend upon key personnel and
need additional personnel. 

On March 9, 2023, our CEO Tom Thimot gave notice of his resignation
to the Board of Directors and his successor Rhon Daguro was appointed March 23, 2023. Our success depends on the continued services of
our new CEO and of certain other members of the current management team. Our executive team is incentivized by stock compensation grants
that align the interests of investors with the executive team and certain executives have employment retention agreements. The loss of
key management, engineering employees or third- party contractors could have a material and adverse effect on our business operations.
Additionally, the success of our operations will largely depend upon our ability to successfully attract and maintain competent and qualified
key management personnel. As with any company with limited resources, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to attract such individuals
or that the presence of such individuals will necessarily translate into profitability for our company. If we are successful in attracting
and retaining such individuals, it is likely that our payroll costs and related expenses will increase significantly and that there will
be additional dilution to existing stockholders as a result of equity incentives that may need to be issued to such management personnel.
Our inability to attract and retain key personnel may materially and adversely affect our business operations. Any failure by our management
to effectively anticipate, implement, and manage personnel required to sustain our growth would have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

15 

The market for our products
is characterized by changing technology, requirements, standards and products, and we may be adversely affected if we do not respond promptly
and effectively to these changes. 

The market
for our verified products is characterized by evolving technologies, changing industry standards, changing political and regulatory environments,
frequent new product introductions and rapid changes in customer requirements. The introduction of products embodying new technologies
and the emergence of new industry standards and practices can render existing products obsolete and unmarketable. Our future success will
depend on our ability to enhance our existing products and to develop and introduce, on a timely and cost-effective basis, new products
and product features that keep pace with technological developments and emerging industry standards and address the increasingly sophisticated
needs of our customers. In the future: 

we may not be successful in developing and marketing new products
or product features that respond to technological change or evolving industry standards; 

we may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent
the successful development, introduction and marketing of these new products and features; or 

our new products and product features may not adequately meet
the requirements of the marketplace and achieve market acceptance. 

If we are unable
to respond promptly and effectively to changing technologies and market requirements, we will be unable to compete effectively in the
future. 

There can be
no assurance that we will successfully identify new product opportunities and develop and bring new products to market in a timely manner,
or that the products and technologies developed by others will not render our products or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive. The
failure of our new product development efforts could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and future
growth. 

If our technology and solutions are not adopted and
used by customer organizations, we will not be able to grow our business and our operations will be negatively affected. 

Our ability
to grow depends significantly on whether organizations of various types and sizes adopt our technology and solutions as part of their
new standards. If these organizations do not adopt our technology, we may not be able to penetrate some of the new markets we are targeting,
or we may lose some of our existing customer base. 

In order for
us to achieve our growth objectives, our identity verification and authentication technologies and solutions must be adapted to and adopted
in a variety of areas including, among others, computer and online systems access control, and identity verification for transaction authentication
purposes. 

We cannot accurately
predict the future growth rate, if any, or the ultimate size of these markets. The growth of the market for our products and services
depends on a number of factors such as the cost, performance and reliability of our products and services compared to the products and
services of our competitors, customer perception of the benefits of our products and solutions, public perception of the intrusiveness
of these solutions and the manner in which organizations use the information collected, customer satisfaction with our products and services
and marketing efforts and publicity for our products and services. Our products and services may not adequately address market requirements
and may not gain wide market acceptance. If our solutions or our products and services do not gain wide market acceptance, our business
and our financial results will suffer. 

16 

We have sought in the past and may seek in the future
to enter into contracts with governments, as well as state and local governmental agencies and municipalities, which subjects us to certain
risks associated with such types of contracts. 

Most contracts
with governments or with state or local agencies or municipalities, or Governmental Contracts, are awarded through a competitive bidding
process, and some of the business that we expect to seek in the future will likely be subject to a competitive bidding process. Competitive
bidding presents a number of risks, including: 

the frequent need to compete against companies or teams of
companies with more financial and marketing resources and more experience than we have in bidding on and performing major contracts; 

the substantial cost and managerial time and effort necessary
to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may not be awarded to us; 

the need to accurately estimate the resources and cost structure
that will be required to service any fixed-price contract that we are awarded; and 

the expense and delay that may arise if our competitors protest
or challenge new contract awards made to us pursuant to competitive bidding or subsequent contract modifications, and the risk that any
of these protests or challenges could result in the resubmission of bids on modified specifications, or in termination, reduction or
modification of the awarded contract. 

We may not
be afforded the opportunity in the future to bid on contracts that are held by other companies and are scheduled to expire, if the governments,
or the applicable state or local agency or municipality determines to extend the existing contract. If we are unable to win particular
contracts that are awarded through the competitive bidding process, we may not be able to operate in the market for the products and services
that are provided under those contracts for a number of years. If we are unable to win new contract awards or retain those contracts,
if any, that we are awarded over any extended period, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely
affected. 

In addition,
Governmental Contracts subject us to risks associated with public budgetary restrictions and uncertainties, actual contracts that are
less than awarded contract amounts, the requirement for posting a performance bond and the related cost and cancellation at any time at
the option of the governmental agency. Any failure to comply with the terms of any Governmental Contracts could result in substantial
civil and criminal fines and penalties, as well as suspension from future contracts for a significant period of time, any of which could
adversely affect our business by requiring us to pay significant fines and penalties or prevent us from earning revenues from Governmental
Contracts during the suspension period. Cancellation of any one of our major Governmental Contracts could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition. 

Governments
may be in a position to obtain greater rights with respect to our intellectual property than we would grant to other entities. Governmental
agencies also have the power, based on financial difficulties or investigations of their contractors, to deem contractors unsuitable for
new contract awards. Because we will engage in the government contracting business, we will be subject to additional regulatory and legal
compliance requirements, as well as audits, and may be subject to investigation, by governmental entities. Compliance with such additional
regulatory requirements are likely to result in additional operational costs in performing such Governmental Contracts which may impact
our profitability. Failure to comply with the terms of any Governmental Contract could result in substantial civil and criminal fines
and penalties, as well as suspension from future contracts for a significant period of time, any of which could adversely affect our business
by requiring us to pay the fines and penalties and prohibiting us from earning revenues from Governmental Contracts during the suspension
period. 

Furthermore,
governmental programs can experience delays or cancellation of funding and suspension of appropriations has occurred, for example the
partial United States government shutdown in 2018/19, which can be unpredictable; this may make it difficult to forecast our revenues
on a quarter-by-quarter basis. 

We rely in part on third-party
software to develop and provide our solutions. 

We rely in
part on software licensed from third parties to develop and offer some of our solutions. Any loss of the right to use any such software
or other intellectual property required for the development and maintenance of our solutions, or any defects or other issues with such
software could result in problems or delays in the provision of our solutions until equivalent technology is either developed by us, or,
if available from others, is identified, obtained, and integrated, which could harm our business. 

We have historically depended upon a small number of
large system sales ranging from 50,000 to 1,500,000 and we may fail to achieve one or more large system sales in the future, or fail
to successfully transition to new products generating recurring revenues. 

Historically,
we have derived a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of sales of large, relatively expensive systems, typically ranging
in price from 50,000 to 1,500,000. If we fail to receive orders for these large systems in a given sales cycle on a consistent basis,
our business could be significantly harmed. We are trying to reduce such dependence by developing a range of products and solutions, which
are in a lower price range and intended to generate recurring revenue from a large number of customers. We have invested heavily in developing
and launching such products but there is no guarantee that such efforts will be successful and that a satisfactory return on such investment
will be achieved. Further, our quarterly results are difficult to predict because we cannot predict in which quarter, if any, large system
sales will occur in a given year, nor when (if at all), or at what rate the ramp in sales of new products will occur. As a result, we
believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our results of operations are not a good indication of our future performance. In some
future quarters, our operating results may be below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, in which case the market price
of our Common Stock may decrease significantly. 

17 

Our efforts to expand our international operations are
subject to a number of risks, any of which could adversely reduce our future international sales and increase our losses . 

Most of our
revenues historically to date are attributable to sales and business operations in jurisdictions other than the United States, although
we are now focusing our efforts in generating more United States based revenues. Our international operations could be subject to a number
of risks, any of which could adversely affect our future international sales and operating results, including: 

trade restrictions; 

export duties and tariffs; 

export regulations or restrictions including sanctions; 

uncertain political, regulatory and economic developments; 

labor and social unrest; 

inability to protect our intellectual property rights; 

highly aggressive competitors; 

currency issues, including currency exchange risk; 

difficulties in staffing, managing and supporting foreign
operations; 

longer payment cycles; 

increased collection risks; and 

impact of the Coronavirus or other pandemics; 

Negative developments
in any of these areas in one or more countries could result in a reduction in demand for our products, the cancellation or delay of orders
already placed, difficulty in collecting receivables, and a higher cost of doing business, any of which could adversely affect our business,
results of operations or financial condition. 

We are exposed to risks in operating in foreign markets,
which may make operating in those markets difficult and thereby force us to curtail our business operations. 

In conducting
our business in foreign countries, we are subject to political, economic, legal, operational and other risks that are inherent in operating
in other countries. Risks inherent to operating in other countries range from difficulties in settling transactions in emerging markets
to possible nationalization, expropriation, price controls and other restrictive governmental actions. We also face the risk that exchange
controls or similar restrictions imposed by foreign governmental authorities may restrict our ability to convert local currency received
or held by us in their countries into U.S. dollars or other currencies, or to take those dollars or other currencies out of those countries. 

It is possible
that countries in which we do or intend to do business, or companies and their principals become subject to sanctions under U.S. law.
This would prevent us from doing business with those countries or with those entities or individuals. We could be exposed to fines and
penalties in the event of breach any applicable sanctions legislation or orders. In addition, we might be required to suspend or terminate
existing contracts in order to comply with such sanctions legislation or orders, which would adversely impact our future revenues and
cash flows. 

18 

Additionally,
we are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA, and other laws in the United States and elsewhere that prohibit
improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political parties for the purpose of obtaining
or retaining business. We have operations in and deal with governments and officials in foreign countries. Our activities in these countries
create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of our employees, contractors or customers that could be in violation
of various laws, including the FCPA, even though these parties are not always subject to our control. We have implemented safeguards to
discourage these practices by our employees, consultants and customers. However, our existing safeguards and any future improvements may
prove to be less than effective, and our employees, contractors or customers may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible.
Violations of the FCPA or similar laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions and we may be subject to other liabilities, which
could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Breaches of network or information technology
security, presentation attacks, natural disasters or terrorist attacks could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Cyber-attacks
or other breaches of network or information technology (IT) security, natural disasters, terrorist acts or acts of war may cause equipment
failures or disrupt our systems and operations. We may be subject to attempts to breach the security of our networks and IT infrastructure
through cyber-attack, presentation attacks to biometric data capture systems, malware, computer viruses and other means of unauthorized
access. While we regularly review our security policies, protocols, controls and systems to determine their effectiveness for detection
and prevention of such attacks, and to make improvements and fix any known vulnerabilities where necessary, new means and methods for
such attacks are constantly being developed by bad actors and we may not become aware of such new attacks or vulnerabilities prior to
being subject to such an attack. There is no guarantee that we can prevent all such attacks, even if we become aware of their potential.
While we maintain insurance coverage for some of these events, the potential liabilities associated with these events could exceed the
insurance coverage we maintain. A failure to protect the privacy of customer and employee confidential data against breaches of network
or IT security could result in damage to our reputation. To date, we have not been subject to cyber-attacks or other cyber incidents that
we are aware of which, individually or in the aggregate, resulted in a material impact to our operations or financial condition. 

For us to further
penetrate the marketplace, the marketplace must be confident that we provide effective security protection for national and other secured
identification documents and cards and other personally identifiable information or protected personal information, or PII. Although we
are not aware that we have experienced any act of sabotage or unauthorized access by a third party of our software or technology to date,
if an actual or perceived breach of security occurs in our internal systems or those of our customers, regardless of whether we caused
the breach, it could adversely affect the market s perception of our products and services. This could cause us to lose customers,
resellers, alliance partners or other business partners, thereby causing our revenues to decline. If we or our customers were to experience
a breach of our internal systems, our business could be severely harmed by adversely affecting the market s perception of our products
and services. 

Most recently,
we have considered the impact of the coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) on our overall operations. The continuing impact of this disease
or any other disease which may give rise to a pandemic in the United States and worldwide are unknown, and the widespread growth in infections,
or travel restrictions, quarantines or site closures imposed as a result of disease, is among other things, impacting the ability of our
employees, sub-contractors, or our customers employees and sub-contractors to attend places of work, to meet with potential customers,
or undertake implementations at our customer s locations. In addition, the disease could lead to disruptions in our supply chain,
causing shortages or unavailability of software updates, or necessary equipment. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

War in Ukraine may impact the business of the Company,
the markets in which it operates and the financial markets, in which the Company needs to raise capital. 

The war in
Ukraine may impact the Company and its operations in a number of different ways, which are yet to be fully assessed and are therefore
uncertain. The Company s principal concern is for the safety of the personnel who support from that region. The Company works with
third party sub- contractors for outsourced services, including software engineering and development, some of whom are based in Eastern
Europe, including Ukraine. The Company also works with outsourced engineers and developers and third-party providers in other parts of
the world, including the United States, Europe, India, and South America. While the continuing impact of this conflict and the response
of the United States and other countries to it by means of trade and economic sanctions, or other actions is still unknown, it could disrupt
our ability to work with certain contractors. The Company has taken steps to diversify its sub-contractor base, which may in the short
term give rise to additional costs and delays in delivering software and product upgrades. 

19 

The uncertainty
impacting and potential interruption in energy and other supply chains resulting from military hostilities in Europe and the response
of the United States and other countries to it by means of trade and economic sanctions, or other actions, may give rise to increases
in costs of goods and services generally and may impact the market for our products as prospective customers reconsider additional capital
expenditure, or other investment plans until the situation becomes clearer. On the other hand the threat of increased cyber-attacks from
Russia and other countries may prompt enterprises to adopt additional security measures such as those offered by the Company. 

For so long
as the hostilities continue and perhaps even thereafter as the situation in Europe unfolds, we may see increased volatility in financial
markets and a flight to safety by investors, which may impact our stock price and make it more difficult for the Company to raise additional
capital at the time when it needs to do so, or for financing to be available upon acceptable terms. All or any of these risks separately,
or in combination could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Interruptions, delays in service or defects in our systems
could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business. 

We depend
on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer network systems, software, telecommunications networks, and processing centers,
as well as the systems and services of third parties, in order to provide services to our customers. Almost all of our network systems
are hosted in the cloud by internationally recognized third party service providers such as Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web
Services. Our systems and data centers are vulnerable to damage or interruption from, among other things, fire, natural disaster, power
loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist acts, war, unauthorized entry, human error, and computer viruses or other defects. They may
also be subject to break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and similar misconduct. We have security, backup and recovery systems
in place, and business continuity plans that will be designed to ensure our systems will not be inoperable. However, there is still a
risk that a system outage or data loss may occur which would not only damage our reputation but could also require the payment of penalties
or damages to our clients if our systems do not meet certain operating standards. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, the occurrence
of a natural disaster or an act of sabotage or terrorism, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice or other unanticipated
problems at these facilities could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. Our property and business interruption insurance may
not be applicable or adequate to compensate us for all losses or failures that may occur. 

Any damage
to, failure of, or defects, bugs or errors in our systems or those of third parties, errors or delays in the processing of payment or
other transactions, telecommunications failures or other difficulties could result in loss of revenue, loss of customers, loss of customer
and consumer data, harm to our business or reputation, exposure to fraud losses or other liabilities, negative publicity, additional operating
and development costs, and diversion of technical and other resources. 

Third parties could obtain access to our proprietary
information or could independently develop similar technologies. 

Our success
depends in part on our ability to protect our core technology and intellectual property. To date, we have relied primarily on a combination
of patents, patent applications, trade secret and copyright laws, as well as nondisclosure and other contractual restrictions on copying,
reverse engineering and distribution to protect our proprietary technology. There can be no assurance that any of our patent applications
will result in the issuance of a patent or that the examination process will not require us to narrow our claims in any application. In
addition, any patents may be contested, circumvented, found unenforceable or invalid and we may not be able to prevent third parties from
infringing on them. 

Despite the
precautions we take, third parties may copy or obtain and use our technologies, ideas, know-how and other proprietary information without
authorization or may independently develop technologies similar or superior to our technologies. In addition, the confidentiality and
non-competition agreements between us and most of our employees, distributors and clients may not provide meaningful protection of our
proprietary technologies or other intellectual property in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure. If we are not able to successfully
defend our industrial or intellectual property rights, we may lose rights to technologies that we need to develop our business, which
may cause us to lose potential revenues, or we may be required to pay significant license fees for the use of such technologies. 

Our current
patents and any patents that we may register in the future may provide only limited protection for our technology and may not be sufficient
to provide competitive advantages to us. For example, competitors could be successful in challenging any issued patents or, alternatively,
could develop similar or more advantageous technologies on their own or design around our patents. Any inability to protect intellectual
property rights in our technology could enable third parties to compete more effectively with us. 

In addition,
the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United
States. Our means of protecting our intellectual property rights in the United States or any other country in which we operate may not
be adequate to fully protect our intellectual property rights. 

20 

Third parties may assert that we are infringing
their intellectual property rights; IP litigation could require us to incur substantial costs even when our efforts are successful. 

We may face
intellectual property litigation, which could be costly, harm our reputation, limit our ability to sell our products, force us to modify
our products or obtain appropriate licenses, and divert the attention of management and technical personnel. Our products employ technology
that may infringe on the proprietary rights of others, and, as a result, we could become liable for significant damages and suffer other
harm to our business. 

We have not
been subject to material intellectual property litigation to date. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce any patents we
have or may obtain and/or any other intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of
the proprietary rights of others, or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity, and we may not prevail in any such future
litigation. Litigation, whether or not determined in our favor or settled, could be costly, could harm our reputation and could divert
the efforts and attention of our management and technical personnel from normal business operations. In addition, adverse determinations
in litigation could result in the loss of our proprietary rights, subject us to significant liabilities, require us to seek licenses from
third parties, prevent us from licensing our technology or selling or manufacturing our products, or require us to expend significant
resources to modify our products or attempt to develop non-infringing technology, any of which could seriously harm our business. 

Our products
may contain technology provided to us by third parties. Because we did not develop such technology ourselves, we may have little or no
ability to determine in advance whether such technology infringes the intellectual property rights of any other party. Our suppliers and
licensors may not be required to indemnify us in the event that a claim of infringement is asserted against us, or they may be required
to indemnify us only with respect to intellectual property infringement claims in certain jurisdictions, and/or only up to a maximum amount,
above which we would be responsible for any further costs or damages. In addition, we have indemnification obligations to certain parties
with respect to any infringement of third-party patents and intellectual property rights by our products. If litigation were to be filed
against these parties in connection with our technology, we would be required to defend and indemnify such parties. 

Our officers, directors and holders of 5 of outstanding
shares together beneficially own a significant portion of our Common Stock and, as a result, can exercise control over stockholder and
corporate actions. 

Our officers
and directors and the holders of at least 5 of the outstanding shares of the Company currently beneficially own approximately 18.6 of
our outstanding Common Stock, and 32.2 on a fully diluted basis assuming the exercise of both vested and unvested options and warrants.
As such, they have a significant influence over most matters requiring approval by stockholders, including the election of directors and
approval of significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change
in control, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the market price of the Company s Common Stock or prevent stockholders
from realizing a premium over the market price for their Shares. 

We face competition. Some of
our competitors have greater financial or other resources, longer operating histories and greater name recognition than we do and one
or more of these competitors could use their greater resources and/or name recognition to gain market share at our expense or could make
it very difficult for us to establish market share. 

authID offers
its Verified Identity Authentication platform allowing the Company to on-board customers who wish to deploy our services and solutions
in order to eliminate passwords and know with biometric certainty the user who is engaging with their systems. authID s solutions
include the ability to verify the identity of a user, via remote identity verification, then enable device and transaction authentication
using both device and cloud biometrics and, all digitally signed by the user s identity. The Company s platform allows our
customers users to engage with the Verified platform using commodity, consumer grade mobile or desktop devices via a web-browser
or corresponding Android or iOS smartphone app. 

In 2022 we
exited the payment processing and smart card products manufacturing and printing businesses and accordingly these are not discussed here. 

The Company s
proprietary, patented Verified platform allows our customers to establish trust in identity, authenticate and verify an identity without
a password but with both device and biometric certainty, and not with phishable passwords or one-time pin codes. authID.ai s Verified
platform has several identity verification and authentication products each facing different competitors and incumbent technologies we
can replace. 

21 

For onboarding
users, employees or customers remotely, Verified delivers seamless identity verification with quick, online identity document verification
and facial biometric matching of a selfie to the identity credential photo with iBeta-certified liveness confirmation. Our FIDO2 strong
customer authentication and passwordless login product leverages strong identity verification during device authenticator registration
to create a digital chain of trust between biometrically verified individuals, their accounts, and their devices. Our FIDO2 authentication
service also eliminates the risks and costs of legacy passwords and phishable MFA such as one-time pin codes. Rooted to a trusted identity
obtained during the identity verification and onboarding process, our Verified biometric multi-factor authentication offers high-assurance,
biometric, cloud-based, multi-factor authentication to secure high-risk transactions. 

In reviewing
the competitors that exist for the Company s current and planned platform products relating to the three main elements of identity
management: the establishing of identity, use of identity through device-based biometric authentication, and use of identity through cloud-based
biometric verification, the Company considers a number of factors. authID s platform utilizes an Identity as a Service (IDaaS) approach
which combines the three elements into a single fast, secure, and fully automated, platform. authID believes that this full stack platform
approach is exceptional in that it offers documentary identity verification, FIDO device authentication, and cloud based, biometric, multi-factor
verification covering digital account access and transaction confirmation use cases for both consumer and workforce applications. The
competitive landscape includes several companies that mainly address only one element, with some addressing multiple elements independently
without a seamless integration between them. 

In looking
further at our competition, the Company does not consider providers which are major conglomerates with vertically integrated cybersecurity
companies, due to the vast array of services which they offer. Furthermore, some of the competitors which do offer solutions for digital
use cases, are major legacy providers offering hardware heavy solutions principally for governmental users. These include Idemia, Thales,
and Supercom. This is in contrast to authID s Identity authentication platform approach which is based on offering app and browser-based
software products which are usable on mobile and desktop computing devices without additional hardware requirements. 

To further
breakdown the competitive landscape into companies that provide identity proofing we consider the following competitors: Jumio, Au10Tix,
OnFido, Mitek, Trulioo, ID.me, Veriff, and Acuant. Companies that provide only a single solution may be seeking to combine with authentication
and biometric verification technology providers to expand their ID proofing solutions capabilities. authID offers Identity Verification,
which is used once at enrollment, whereas our authentication service is used over and over in a recurring revenue model. In appropriate
cases we may decide to cooperate with these entities and yield the one-time revenue to gain the recurring authentication revenue. 

Another aspect
of the competitive landscape is device-based authentication products using the FIDO2 passwordless standard. Companies that are believed
to be competing with authID in this area are: HYPR, Strongkey, Daon, Trusona, Callsign, Duo and Transmit Security. 

authID believes
that the added security of combining integrated cloud biometric authentication with device based FIDO2 authentication with integrated
cloud biometric authentication meets the Zero Trust mandates for unphishable authentication that provides both device and identity signals
of a user. Further the simplicity of looking at your phone to trust your selfie should compete well against these incumbents,
and offer a more adoptable, ubiquitous, and cost-effective solution without dedicated hardware. 

Finally, looking
at the competitive landscape for cloud-based biometric identity authentication applications the companies that are believed to be competing
with authID in this area are Jumio, Aware, Acuant, Au10Tix, and 1Kosmos. 

There are new
entrants into each of these markets continually. Each competitor may have a different offering or approach to solve similar problems,
which overlap with those of the Company. Some competitors also include manufacturers who provide systems, or platform solutions to third
party operators and, therefore, do not directly compete with the Company, which operates its own systems. 

The resources
available to our competitors to develop new products and introduce them into the marketplace exceed the resources currently available
to us. As a result, our competitors may be able to compete more aggressively and sustain that competition over a longer period of time
that we can. This intense competitive environment may require us to make changes in our products, pricing, licensing, services, distribution,
or marketing to develop a market position. Each of these competitors has the potential to capture market share in our target markets which
could have an adverse effect on our position in our industry and on our business and operating results. 

22 

Government regulation could negatively impact the business. 

We do not have
or require any approval from government authorities or agencies in order to operate our regular business and operations. However, data
protection legislation in various countries in which the Company does business (including Colombia and the United Kingdom) may require
it to register its databases with governmental authorities in those countries and to comply with additional disclosure and consent requirements
with regard to the collection, storage and use of personal information of individuals resident in those countries. To the extent that
our business is based on Governmental Contracts, the relevant government authorities will need to approve us as a supplier and the terms
of those contracts. However, it is possible that any proposed expansion to our business and operations in the future would require government
approvals. Due to the security applications and biometric technology associated with our products and platforms the activities and operations
of our company are or could become subject to license restrictions and other regulations, such as (without limitation) export controls
and other security regulation by government agencies. As indicated, We are exposed to risks in operating in foreign markets 
above, the imposition of sanctions on particular countries, entities or individuals would prevent us from doing business with such countries,
entities or individuals. If our existing and proposed products become subject to licensing, export control and other regulations, we may
incur increased costs necessary to comply with existing and newly adopted or amended laws and regulations or penalties for any failure
to comply. Our operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by existing or future laws and regulations (and amendments
thereto) relating to our business or industry. 

Some states
in the United States have adopted legislation governing the collection, use of, and storage of biometric information and other states
are considering such legislation. Specifically, several states are considering adopting a Biometric Information Privacy Act, or BIPA modelled
on the Illinois statute, which governs the collection, processing, storage and distribution of biometric information such as facial biometric
templates and fingerprints. Several of these new statutes give individuals rights of action to sue violators, which have resulted in a
number of class action lawsuits. The widespread adoption of such legislation could result in restrictions on our current or proposed business
activities, or we may incur increased costs to comply with such regulations. In addition, a new privacy law took effect in California
at the beginning of 2020, and in Maine in July 2020, and other states, such as New York are considering additional legislation. Specifically,
several states have adopted or are considering adopting a Biometric Information Privacy Act, or BIPA modelled on the Illinois statute,
which governs the collection, processing, storage and distribution of biometric information such as facial biometric templates and fingerprints.
Several of these new statutes give individuals rights of action to sue violators, which have resulted in a number of class action law
suits. These regulations could have a significant impact on our businesses. 

Our business is subject to
changing regulations regarding corporate governance, disclosure controls, internal control over financial reporting and other compliance
areas that will increase both our costs and the risk of noncompliance. If we fail to comply with these regulations, we could face difficulties
in preparing and filing timely and accurate financial reports. 

We are subject
to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the
Dodd-Frank Act. We are also subject to the corporate governance and other listing rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. Maintaining compliance
with these rules and regulations, particularly after we cease to be an emerging growth company, will increase our legal, accounting and
financial compliance costs, will make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly and may also place increased strain on
our personnel, systems and resources. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley
Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and at the time we cease to be an emerging
growth company and a smaller reporting company, we will be required to provide attestation that we maintain effective disclosure controls
and procedures by our registered public accounting firm. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls, or any difficulties encountered
in their implementation or improvement, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Any failure
to implement and maintain effective internal control also could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations regarding
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that are required to include in our periodic reports filed with the
SEC, under Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or the annual auditor attestation reports regarding effectiveness of our internal
controls over financial reporting that we will be required to include in our periodic reports filed with the SEC upon our ceasing to be
an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company, unless, under the JOBS Act, we meet certain criteria that would require such
reports to be included prior to then, under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and
internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information,
which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of shares of our Common Stock. 

In order to
maintain the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting going forward, we will
need to expend significant resources and provide significant management oversight. There is a substantial effort involved in continuing
to implement appropriate processes, document our system of internal control over relevant processes, assess their design, remediate any
deficiencies identified and test their operation. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns,
which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. These efforts will also involve substantial accounting-related
costs. We may experience difficulty in meeting these reporting requirements in a timely manner. 

23 

If we are unable
to maintain key controls currently in place or that we implement in the future and pending such implementation, or if any difficulties
are encountered in their implementation or improvement, (1) our management might not be able to certify, and our independent registered
public accounting firm might not be able to report on, the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, which would cause
us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, 

(2) misstatements in our financial
statements may occur that may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis and (3) we may be deemed to have significant deficiencies
or material weaknesses, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Implementing
any appropriate changes to our internal controls may require specific compliance training of our directors, officers and employees, entail
substantial costs in order to modify our existing accounting systems, and take a significant period of time to complete. Such changes
may not, however, be effective in maintaining the adequacy of our internal controls, and any failure to maintain that adequacy, or consequent
inability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis, could increase our operating costs and could materially impair our
ability to operate our business. In the event that we are not able to demonstrate compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
in a timely manner, our internal controls are perceived as inadequate or that we are unable to produce timely or accurate financial statements,
our stock price could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which
would require additional financial and management resources. 

Our amended and restated bylaws
designate certain courts as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders,
which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers,
or employees. 

Our amended
and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
will be the exclusive forum for: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company; (ii) any action asserting a
claim for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee, or agent of ours to us or our stockholders; (iii) any action
asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or the
bylaws; and (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine (the Delaware Forum Provision ).
In addition, our amended and restated bylaws provide that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares
of our common stock is deemed to have notice of and consented to the Delaware Forum Provision. 

Section 27
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits
brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the Delaware
Forum Provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which
the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision
and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

We recognize
that the Delaware Forum Provision in our amended and restated bylaws may impose additional litigation costs on stockholders in pursuing
any such claims, particularly if the stockholders do not reside in or near the State of Delaware. Additionally, the Delaware Forum Provision
may limit our stockholders ability to bring a claim in a forum that they find favorable for disputes with us or our directors,
officers or employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees even though an action,
if successful, might benefit our stockholders. The Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware may also reach different judgments or results
than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may be located or would otherwise choose to bring
the action, and such judgments may be more or less favorable to us than our stockholders. 

We are an emerging growth
company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will
make our Common Stock less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and we expect to take advantage of certain exemptions and relief from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. In particular, while
we are an emerging growth company (1) we will not be required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (2) we will be exempt from any rules that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board requiring mandatory audit firm rotations or a supplement to the auditor s report on financial statements, (3) we will be subject
to reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and (4) we will not be
required to hold nonbinding advisory votes on executive compensation or stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. 

24 

In addition,
we are eligible to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies until those standards apply
to private companies, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption
of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. The Company has adopted and will be adopting all standards as they become
effective for public companies. 

We also take advantage of
reduced disclosure requirements, including regarding executive compensation. If we remain an emerging growth company in
the future, we may take advantage of other exemptions, including the exemptions from the advisory vote requirements and executive compensation
disclosures under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Customer Protection Act, and the exemption from the provisions of Section 404(b)
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We may take advantage of these provisions at least until December 31, 2024. However, if certain events occur
prior to such date, including if we are deemed a large accelerated filer under the Exchange Act, our annual gross revenues
exceed 1.07 billion or we issue more than 1.0 billion of non- convertible debt in any three-year period, we may cease to be an emerging
growth company prior to such date. 

The exact implications
of the JOBS Act are still subject to interpretations and guidance by the SEC and other regulatory agencies, and we cannot assure you that
we will be able to take advantage of all of the benefits of the JOBS Act. In addition, investors may find our Common Stock less attractive
if we rely on the exemptions and relief granted by the JOBS Act. If some investors find our Common Stock less attractive as a result,
there may be a less active trading market for our Common Stock and our stock price may decline and/or become more volatile. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply
with the continued listing standards of the Nasdaq Capital Market. Our failure to meet the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq
Capital Market could result in a de-listing of our Common Stock . 

We cannot assure you that we will
be able to comply with the continuing listing requirements that we are required to meet in order to maintain a listing of our Common Stock
on the Nasdaq Capital Market. If we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market, such as the corporate
governance requirements or the minimum stockholder s equity requirement, the Nasdaq Capital Market may take steps to de-list our
Common Stock. Such a de-listing would likely have a negative effect on the price of our Common Stock and would impair our stockholders 
ability to sell or purchase our Common Stock when they wish to do so. In the event of a de-listing, we would take actions to restore our
compliance with the Nasdaq Capital Market s listing requirements, but we can provide no assurance that any action taken by us would
result in our Common Stock becoming listed again, or that any such action would stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of
our Common Stock. 

On January 25, 2023, the Company
received notice from The Nasdaq Stock Market that the closing bid price for the Company s common stock had been below 1.00 per
share for the previous 30 consecutive business days, and that the Company is therefore not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement
for continued inclusion on The Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). Nasdaq s notice has no immediate effect
on the listing or trading of the Company s common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market. The notice indicates that the Company will
have 180 calendar days, until July 24, 2023, to regain compliance with this requirement. 

The Company is also required to
comply with one of the Continued Listing Standards set forth under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b) (the Rule ), which obligates
the Company to maintain either Stockholders equity of at least 2.5 million, Market Value of Listed Securities of at least 35
million, or Net income from continuing operations of 500,000 in the most recently completed fiscal year or in two of the three most recently
completed fiscal years. As of the date of filing of this Annual Report the Company does not comply with Rule 5550(b), although no notice
has yet been received from The Nasdaq Stock Market to that effect. While the Company has plans to cure the deficiency by restructuring
its balance sheet and raising additional equity investment, there is no assurance that such plans will be successful and if the Company
is not able to regain compliance with the Rules within the time periods set forth in the applicable rules, the Nasdaq Capital Market may
take steps to de-list our Common Stock. 

25 

Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common
Stock in the public market by our existing stockholders could cause our share price to fall. 

Sales of a
substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the
market price of our Common Stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are
unable to predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price of our Common Stock. 

We may be subject to securities litigation, which is
expensive and could divert management attention. 

In the past,
companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation.
We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion
of management s attention and resources, which could seriously hurt our business. Any adverse determination in litigation could
also subject us to significant liabilities. 

If securities or industry analysts
do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business or our market, or if they adversely change their recommendations
or publish negative reports regarding our business or our Common Stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The trading
market for our Common Stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us,
our business, our market or our competitors. We do not have any control over these analysts and we cannot provide any assurance that analysts
will cover us or provide favorable coverage. If any of the analysts who may cover us adversely change their recommendation regarding our
shares, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, our stock price would likely decline. If any analysts
who may cover us were to cease coverage of the Company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial
markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

The market price of our common
stock has been volatile and your investment in our stock could suffer a decline in value. 

The market
price of our common stock has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. For example, during the three year period ended
December 31, 2022, the closing price of our common stock ranged from 0.573 to 14.33. In addition, the stock market has from time to
time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have particularly affected the market prices for the common stock of
technology companies and that have often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market
fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. You may not be able to resell your shares at or above the
price you paid for them due to fluctuations in the market price of our stock caused by changes in our operating performance or
prospects and other factors. 

Some specific
factors, in addition to the other risk factors identified above, that may have a significant effect on the price of our stock, many of
which we cannot control, include but are not limited to: 

our announcements or our competitors announcements
of technological innovations; 

quarterly variations in operating results; 

changes in our product pricing policies or those of our competitors; 

claims of infringement of intellectual property rights or
other litigation; 

the public s reaction to our press releases, our other
public announcements and our filings with the SEC; 

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations
or principles; 

26 

changes in our growth rate or our competitors growth
rates; 

developments regarding our patents or proprietary rights or
those of our competitors; 

our inability to raise additional capital as needed; 

changes in financial markets or general economic conditions; 

sales of stock by us or members of our management team or
Board; and 

changes in stock market analyst recommendations or earnings
estimates regarding our stock, other comparable companies or our industry generally 

We do not anticipate paying any
cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We have never
declared or paid cash dividends, and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, investors should
not rely on an investment in our Common Stock as a source for any future dividend income. Our board of directors has complete discretion
as to whether to distribute dividends. Even if our board of directors decides to declare and pay dividends, the timing, amount and form
of future dividends, if any, will depend on our future results of operations and cash flow, our capital requirements and surplus, our
financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

The Company s Headquarters are now located
in 1385 S. Colorado Blvd. Building A, Suite 322 Denver, CO 80222 at a
monthly rental of 1,500. The agreement is for one year and expires in July 2023. We do not have any other offices. 

We believe our facilities are in good operating
condition and that our facilities are adequate for present and near term uses. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

From time to
time the Company is a party to various legal or administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. While any litigation
contains an element of uncertainty, we have no reason to believe that the outcome of such proceedings will have a material adverse effect
on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

27 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

The high and low
per share closing sales prices of the Company s stock on the OTCQB (ticker symbol: IDTY IDTYD) through August 23, 2021 and
thereafter on the Nasdaq Market (ticker symbol AUID) for each quarter for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Quarter Ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 9.15 
 4.38 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 12.50 
 6.90 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 13.34 
 6.81 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 17.34 
 11.50 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 14.33 
 2.83 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 4.55 
 1.50 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 3.37 
 1.89 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 2.99 
 0.57 

28 

Holders of our Common Stock 

As of March 24
, 2023, there were approximately 180 stockholders of record of our common stock. This number does not include shares held by brokerage
clearing houses, depositories or others in unregistered form. The stock transfer agent for our securities is Computershare Shareholder
Services, PO Box 505000, Louisville, Kentucky 40233. 

Dividends 

The Company has
never declared or paid any cash dividends on its common stock. The Company currently intends to retain future earnings, if any, to finance
the expansion of its business. As a result, the Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans
as of December 31, 2022 

Number of 

securities 

remaining 

available 

Number of 
 Weighted 
 issuance 

securities 
 average 
 under equity 

to be issued 
 exercise 
 compensation 

upon 
 price of 
 plans 

exercise of 
 outstanding 
 (excluding) 

outstanding 
 options, 
 securities 

options, awards 
 awards 
 reflected in 
 
 Plan 
 and rights 
 and rights 
 first column) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders - 2017 Incentive Stock Plan 
 3,776,420 
 4.79 
 - 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders - 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 1,966,527 
 2.50 
 75,898 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 4,589,577 
 8.07 
 - 

The Company has
adopted the authID Inc. 2017 Incentive Stock Plan and the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The Company has no other equity incentive plans
in effect as of December 31, 2022. 

On September 28,
2017, the shareholders of the Company approved the 2017 Incentive Stock Plan 2017 Incentive Plan ). On December 29, 2021
the shareholders of the Company approved the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 2021 Plan ). The following is a summary of principal
features of the 2017 Incentive Plan and the 2021 Plan. The summaries, however, does not purport to be a complete description of all the
provisions of each plan. 

The 2017 Incentive
Plan authorized Awards over 4,833,333 shares of common stock and the 2021 Plan authorizes Awards over 1,250,000 shares as well as (a)
the balance of the shares which were not allocated to awards under the 2017 Incentive Plan and (b) any shares which are forfeited or cancelled
under awards that lapse or expire under the prior plans. No further awards may be made under the 2017 Incentive Plan. All plans are administered
by the Compensation Committee. At the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on March 22, 2021, the stockholders approved and ratified an
increase of 2,500,000 shares allocated to the 2017 Incentive Plan and at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on December 29, 2021,
the stockholders approved the adoption of and allocation of 1,250,000 shares to the 2021 Plan. 

Under each plan,
options may be granted which are intended to qualify as Incentive Stock Options ISOs under Section 422 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code or which are not Non-ISOs intended to qualify as Incentive Stock Options
thereunder. Other types of equity awards may also be granted under each of the plans include but are not limited to restricted stock,
restricted stock units, and stock appreciation rights, which together with the ISO s and Non-ISO s are hereinafter collectively
referred to as Awards . Each of the plans are not considered qualified deferred compensation plan under Section 401(a) of
the Internal Revenue Code and are not subject to the provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA ). 

29 

The terms of Awards
granted under the Plans shall be contained in an agreement between the participant and the Company and such terms shall be determined
by the Compensation Committee consistent with the provisions of the applicable Plan. The terms of Awards may or may not require a performance
condition in order to vest the equity comprised in the relevant Award. 

Any option granted
under any of the Plans must provide for an exercise price of not less than 100 of the fair market value of the underlying shares on the
date of grant, but the exercise price of any ISO granted to an eligible employee owning more than 10 of our outstanding common stock
must not be less than 110 of fair market value on the date of the grant. The Plans further provide that with respect to ISOs the aggregate
fair market value of the common stock underlying the options which are exercisable by any option holder during any calendar year cannot
exceed 100,000. The term of each Plan option and the manner in which it may be exercised is determined by the board of directors or the
compensation committee, provided that no option may be exercisable more than 10 years after the date of its grant and, in the case of
an incentive option granted to an eligible employee owning more than 10 of the common stock, no more than five years after the date of
the grant. In the event of any stock split of our outstanding common stock, the board of directors in its discretion may elect to maintain
the stated number of shares reserved under the Plan without giving effect to such stock split. Subject to the limitation on the aggregate
number of shares issuable under the Plan, there is no maximum or minimum number of shares as to which Award may be granted to any person. 

The Company filed
a Registration Statement on Form S-8 on November 12, 2021, with respect to the 2017 Incentive Plan and all outstanding Awards set forth
in the above table. The Company filed a further Registration Statement on Form S-8 on February 1, 2022, with respect to the 2021 Plan. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

The Company and the Stern Trust
entered an Amended and Restated Promissory Note (the Restated Stern Note providing that the 2,000,000 principal of
the Stern Note will be due and payable on the same terms (bearing interest at 15 per annum) and on the same maturity date as the
2020 Notes. The principal balance of the Stern Note and accrued interest in the amount of 503,525 was converted into shares of
common stock on June 24, 2021. The interest due under the Stern Note as of January 31, 2020 in the amount of 662,000 was
capitalized and earned interest at 10 per annum. The Stern Note for the remaining balance of 662,000 was extended through December
31, 2022 on the same terms and conditions. The Stern Note s full balance of principal and interest was paid in cash in
December 2022. 

During the year
ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued approximately 706,575 shares of common stock pursuant to cashless exercises of common stock
purchase warrants and options, 75,636 shares of common stock pursuant to exercises of common stock purchase warrants and options for cash
and 32,950 shares of common stock pursuant to the conversion of convertible notes, other than the Notes converted as of June 30, 2021.
(These figures exclude approximately 50,000 options exercised following the filing of the Company s Registration Statement on Form
S-8 on November 12, 2021) 

On March 21, 2022,
the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement SPA with certain accredited investors, including certain directors
of the Company or their affiliates (the Note Investors ), and, pursuant to the SPA, sold to the Note Investors Senior Secured
Convertible Notes (the Convertible Notes with an aggregate initial principal amount of approximately 9.2 million and a
conversion price of 3.70 per share. The Convertible Notes were sold with an aggregate cash origination fee of approximately 200,000,
and we issued a total of approximately 28,500 shares of our common stock to the Note Investors as an additional origination fee. The Convertible
Notes will accrue interest at the rate of 9.75 per annum, which will be payable in cash or, for some or all of the first five interest
payments, in shares of our common stock at the Company s option, on the last day of each calendar quarter before the maturity date
and on the maturity date. The maturity date of the Convertible Notes is March 31, 2025. On March 18 and March 21, 2022, the Company entered
into Subscription Agreements (the Subscription Agreements with an accredited investor and certain members of authID s
management team (the PIPE Investors ), and, pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, sold to the PIPE Investors a total of
1,063,514 shares of our common stock at prices of 3.03 per share for an outside investor and 3.70 per share for the management investors
(the PIPE ). The aggregate gross proceeds from the PIPE are approximately 3.3 million. Additionally, the Company entered
into a Credit Facility with an accredited investor, who is both a current shareholder of the Company and a Note Investor, pursuant to
which the accredited investor agreed to provide a 10.0 million unsecured standby line of credit facility that will rank behind the Convertible
Notes and may be drawn down in several tranches, subject to certain conditions described in the Credit Facility. Pursuant to the Credit
Facility, the Company agreed to pay the Lender the Facility Commitment Fee of 100,000 shares of our common stock upon the effective date
of the Facility Agreement. The gross proceeds of the sale of the Convertible Notes and the PIPE were used to pay the expenses of those
offerings and to provide working capital for the Company. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company issued approximately 339,702 shares of common stock pursuant to exercises of common stock warrants and options.
The Company also issued 479,845 shares of common stock in lieu of interest payments for the Convertible Notes and 13,514 shares of common
stock upon conversion of Convertible Note. 

All the offers and sales of securities
listed above were made to accredited investors. The issuance of the above securities is exempt from the registration requirements under
Rule 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and/or Rule 506 as promulgated under Regulation D. 

30 

Item 6. Reserved. 

As a smaller reporting company, the Company is not required
to file selected financial data. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which we have prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the
reporting periods. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate estimates and judgments, including those described in greater detail below. We base
our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results
of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

As used in this
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation, except where the context otherwise
requires, the term we, us, our, authID or the Company, refers to
the business of authID Inc. 

Overview 

authID Inc. is a leading provider
of secure, authentication solutions delivered by our easy to integrate Verified platform. Our Verified
platform that delivers Human Factor Authentication TM , binds strong passwordless authentication with biometric identity, which
offers our customers a streamlined path to zero trust architecture. Verified FIDO2 passwordless authentication is certified by the
FIDO Alliance to be compliant and interoperable with FIDO specifications. 

The
explosive growth in online and mobile commerce, telemedicine, remote working and digital activities of all descriptions is self-evident
to everyone who lived through the Covid 19 pandemic since 2020. Identity theft, phishing attacks, spear-phishing, password vulnerabilities,
account takeovers, benefits fraud - it seems like these words have entered our daily lexicon overnight. These are significant impediments
to the operations and growth of any business or organization, and dealing with the risks and consequences of these criminal activities
has created significant friction in both time, cost and lost opportunity. Consider all the outdated methods that organizations have implemented
in order to prevent fraud. The requests to receive and enter one-time passwords, that can be easily hijacked. The vulnerable security
questions you get asked whether on-line or when reaching out to a call center what was your first pet s name? who
was your best friend in high school? These steps all add up to friction, making it difficult for consumers to login, transact and execute
daily tasks, with little added protection from fraud. Surely there is a better way to address these challenges? authID believes there
is. 

authID provides secure, facial
biometric, identity verification, and strong customer authentication. We maintain a global, cloud-based Verified platform for our enterprise
customers or employees to enable their users to easily verify and authenticate their identity through a mobile device or desktop (with
camera) of their choosing (without requiring dedicated hardware, or authentication apps). We can help our customers establish a proven
identity, creating a root of trust that ensures the highest level of assurance for our passwordless login and step-up verification products.
Our system enables participants to consent to transactions using their biometric information with a digitally signed authentication response,
embedding the underlying transaction data and each user s identity attributes within every electronic transaction message processed
through our platform. 

Digital transformation across
all market segments requires trusted identity. Our identity platform offers innovative solutions that are flexible, fast and easy to integrate
and offer seamless user experiences. authID s products help advance digital transformation efforts without the fear of identity
fraud, while delivering frictionless user experiences. We believe that it is also essential that electronic transactions have an audit
trail, proving that the identity of the individual was duly authenticated. Our platform provides biometric and multi-factor identity software,
which are intended to establish, authenticate and verify identity across a wide range of use cases and electronic transactions. 

authID s products focus
on the broad requirement for enabling frictionless commerce by allowing an entity to instantly Recognise their Customer ,
their Employee or their Member. Organizations of all descriptions require cost-effective and secure means of growing their business while
mitigating identity fraud. We aim to offer our enterprise customers products that can be integrated easily into each of their business
and organizational operations, in order to facilitate their adoption and enhance the end user customer experience. 

Our management believes that
some of the advantages of our Verified Platform approach are the ability to leverage the platform to support a variety of vertical markets
and the adaptability of the platform to the requirements of new markets and new products requiring cost-effective, secure, and configurable
mobile solutions. Our target markets include cybersecurity, workforce, banking, fintech and other disrupters of traditional commerce,
small and medium sized businesses, and system integrators working with government and Fortune 1000 enterprises. At its core, the Company s
offering, combining its proprietary and acquired biometric and artificial intelligence technologies (or AI), is intended to facilitate
frictionless commerce, whether in the physical or digital world. The Company intends to increase its investment in developing, patenting
and acquiring the various elements necessary to enhance the platform, which are intended to allow us to achieve our goals. One of the
principal intended areas of investment is to enhance and expand our use of artificial intelligence in proprietary software, that we believe
will increase our value to enterprise customers and stockholders alike. 

authID is dedicated to developing
advanced methods of protecting consumer privacy and deploying ethical and socially responsible AI. authID is developing a culture that
proactively encourages and rewards our employees for considering the ethical implications of our products. We believe that a proactive
commitment to ethical AI presents a strong business opportunity for authID and will enable us to bring more accurate products to market
more quickly and with less risk to better serve our global user base. Our methods to achieve ethical AI include engaging the users of
our products with informed consent, prioritizing the security of our user s personal information, considering and avoiding potential
bias in our algorithms, and monitoring of algorithm performance in our applications. 

31 

The Company also owns an entity
in Colombia, MultiPay. On May 4, 2022, the Board approved a plan to exit from certain non-core activities comprising the MultiPay correspondent
bank, payments services in Colombia and the Cards Plus cards manufacturing and printing business in South Africa. On August 29, 2022 the
Company completed the sale of Cards Plus business. See Discontinued Operations. 

The Company was incorporated
in the State of Delaware on September 21, 2011 and changed our name to authID Inc. on July 18, 2022. 

Our Common Stock is traded
on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol AUID . Our corporate headquarters have been relocated to 1385 S. Colorado
Blvd., Building A Suite 322, Denver, CO 80222 and our main phone number remains as is (516) 274-8700. We maintain a website at www.authID.ai.
The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our websites is not incorporated by reference into this prospectus and
is intended for informational purposes only. 

Key Trends 

We believe that
our financial results will be impacted by several market trends in the identity verification and authentication markets, as well as expanding
digital transformation efforts across a wide range of market segments. These trends include growing concerns over identity theft and fraud,
in part resulting from the impact of the Coronavirus pandemic on the acceleration of digital transformation, for example online shopping
and remote working; the growth in the sharing economy; and the increase in electronic payments and alternative money transfer solutions
provided by both bank and non-bank entities. The key drivers for these alternative payment methods are consumer demands for safe, convenient
payment transactions, with less friction. Our results are also impacted by the changes in levels of spending on identity verification,
management and security methods, and thus, negative trends in the global economy and other factors which negatively impact such spending
may negatively impact the growth our revenue from those products. The global economy has been undergoing a period of political and economic
uncertainty and stock markets are experiencing high levels of volatility, and it is difficult to predict how long this uncertainty and
volatility will continue. 

We plan to grow
our business by increasing the use of our services by our existing customers, by adding new customers through our direct salesforce, channel
partners and by expanding into new markets and innovation. If we are successful in these efforts, we would expect our revenue to continue
to grow. 

Going Concern 

The Company s
consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report have been prepared in accordance with United States GAAP assuming the
Company will continue on a going concern basis, which implies the Company will continue to meet its obligations and continue its operations
for the next year following the issuance date of these financial statements. 

As of December
31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of approximately 140.1 million. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company earned
revenue of approximately 0.53 million, used 12.8 million to fund its operations, and incurred a net loss from continuing operations
of approximately 23.7 million. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon financial support from the Company s
stockholders and noteholders, the ability of the Company to obtain additional debt or equity financing to continue operations, the Company s
ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations, successfully locating and negotiating with other business entities for potential
acquisition and /or acquiring new clients to generate revenues and cash flows. 

As discussed in the Subsequent Events below, the Company has secured
additional financing which provides funding for its current operations as it continues to invest in its product, people, and technology.
The Company projects that the investments will lead to revenue expansion thereby reducing liquidity needs. However, in order to further
implement its business plan and satisfy its working capital requirements, the Company will need to raise additional capital. There is
no guarantee that the Company will be able to raise additional equity or debt financing at acceptable terms, if at all. 

There is no assurance
that the Company will ever be profitable. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible
future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result should
the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. As there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to achieve positive cash
flows (become cash flow profitable) and raise sufficient capital to maintain operations, there is substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

Subsequent Events 

On February 14, 2023, the Board
of authID resolved to implement a revised budget for 2023 in order to reduce expenses and cash requirements and as part of such revised
budget decided to re-balance staffing levels to better align with the evolving needs of the Company (the Labor Reduction Plan ).
Under the Labor Reduction Plan the Company intends that up to 20 of the Company s 31 employees and contractors be terminated, of
which 21 are United States based employees. 12 employees and 6 contractors have been given notice of their termination and the remainder
may be terminated over the next several months. The Company has also given termination notice to certain vendors and contractors that
provide services to the Company. The Company estimates that it will be incurring costs (in consideration of releases) in the range of
 0.5 million to 1.1 million in connection with the Labor Reduction Plan, which are primarily one-time termination benefits and
which will result in cash expenditures by the Company in that range of amounts over the coming months. Certain employees have Retention
Agreements, which provide for specific benefits upon involuntary termination and the Company is negotiating with those employees over
the final amounts and benefits due under those Agreements. 

32 

On
March 21, 2022, the Company entered into a Facility Agreement with Stephen J. Garchik, who was and is a shareholder of the Company, pursuant
to which Garchik agreed to provide to the Company a 10.0 million unsecured standby line of credit facility that could be drawn down in
several tranches, subject to certain conditions described in the Original Facility Agreement. Pursuant to the Original Facility Agreement,
the Company paid Garchik the Facility Commitment Fee of 100,000 shares of our common stock upon the effective date of the Original Facility
Agreement. 

On
March 8, 2023, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Facility Agreement with Garchik, pursuant to which the Company and Garchik
amended and restated the Original Facility Agreement in its entirety, to replace the credit facility contemplated by the Original Facility
Agreement with (i) an initial credit facility to the Company in an amount of 900,000 and (ii) the parties to use their reasonable best
efforts after the Initial Funding to negotiate the terms of a subsequent credit facility in the aggregate amount of 2,700,000. 

On
March 9, 2023, pursuant to the A R Facility Agreement, the Company entered into the Initial Promissory Note in favor of Garchik, pursuant
to which Garchik loaned the Principal Amount of 900,000 to the Company. At the same time, as a condition to Garchik providing the Principal
Amount, certain of the Company s subsidiaries, ID Solutions, Inc., FIN Holdings, Inc. and Innovation in Motion, Inc. entered into
the Guaranty of the Initial Promissory Note with Garchik. 

A R Facility Agreement 

Under
the A R Facility Agreement, Garchik agreed to provide the Initial Funding to the Company upon receipt of a fully executed Initial
Promissory Note and an executed Release Agreement relating to the Original Facility Agreement. The Company and Garchik agreed to use reasonable
best efforts to negotiate the terms of the Subsequent Funding and negotiations continue, but the A R Facility Agreement will terminate
if definitive documentation for the Subsequent Funding is not entered into before July 1, 2023, for any reason other than breach of a
party s obligations. 

While
the terms of the Subsequent Funding are subject to due diligence and final documentation, a summary of selected terms of the
proposed financing is as follows and attached to the A R Facility Agreement as Exhibit B thereto. The Subsequent Funding would
be a 2,700,000 secured note facility with a 12 per annum interest rate, paid in kind, capitalized and added to the balance of the
loan on a quarterly basis, calculated on a 360-day year basis, on the outstanding aggregate balance of the Subsequent Facility. The
Subsequent Facility will mature twenty-four (24) months after effectiveness. Garchik will be granted a fully perfected,
non-avoidable, first-priority security interest and lien on all assets of the Company. The Subsequent Facility would be the senior
obligation of the Company and will rank senior in right to payment of the obligations under the existing Convertible Notes 
and the liens granted in connection with the Subsequent Facility shall rank pari passu with the liens granted to
holders of the Convertible Notes. Pursuant to this, the Company will use reasonable best efforts to obtain the consent of two-thirds
of the holders of Convertible Notes. 

In
satisfaction of a condition precedent to the Initial Funding under the A R Facility Agreement, Thomas L. Thimot, Phillip L. Kumnick,
Philip R. Broenniman, Michael A. Gorriz and Neepa Patel, comprising all directors of the Company s Board of Directors other than
Joseph Trelin, Michael L. Koehneman and Jacqueline L. White, delivered to the Company executed Board Resignation Letters in escrow that
became effective as of the Initial Funding. Also in satisfaction of a condition precedent to the Initial Funding under the A R Facility
Agreement, on March 9, 2023, the Board of Directors appointed Joseph Trelin to the Company s Compensation and Audit Committees,
effective as of the Initial Funding. On March 16, 2023, the Board of Directors appointed Joseph Trelin to the Company s Chairman
of the Board effective immediately. 

The A R Facility Agreement also provided Garchik with the right
to nominate four (4) New Designees (not counting any Remaining Directors) to be considered for election to the Board of Directors. In
satisfaction of a condition precedent to the Initial Funding under the A R Facility Agreement, as described in greater detail in Item
5.02 of this Current Report, the Board of Directors appointed four (4) New Designees to the Board, effective as of the Initial Funding.
The Company also agreed that the Board of Directors would, promptly following the closing of the Initial Funding, evaluate candidates
for appointment as replacement of Mr. Thimot as Chief Executive Officer and that, upon the earlier of appointment of a new Chief Executive
Officer or April 3, 2023, Mr. Thimot s resignation letter as Chief Executive Officer will be declared effective. The Company
appointed Mr. Daguro as Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Thimot s resignation became effective on March 23, 2023. 

Initial Promissory
Note 

Interest
accrues on the Principal Amount until paid in full at a per annum rate equal to 15 , computed on the basis of a 360-day year and twelve
30-day months, payable in arrears on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each year commencing March 31, 2023 or the first
business day following each such date if any such date falls on a day which is not a business day, in cash. The Principal Amount shall
mature on March 31, 2025. 

The
Company made standard (i) affirmative covenants to Garchik, including, but not limited to, in regard to its existence, payment obligations,
business activities, financial information and use of proceeds and (ii) negative covenants to Garchik, including, but not limited to,
in regard to the rank of indebtedness, incurrence of indebtedness, maintenance of insurance and properties, transactions with affiliates
and disposition of assets. 

While
the Initial Promissory Note is unsecured, in the event of either (I) the conversion of the Convertible Notes of all amounts outstanding
thereunder and the release of all liens over the Company s assets granted by and through the Transaction Documents (as defined in
the Convertible Notes) or (II) receipt of the consent of the requisite holders of the Convertible Notes, in each case, the Company will,
as collateral security for the due and punctual payment and performance of all obligations under the Initial Promissory Note, pledge and
assign to Garchik a first-priority, continuing security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company, subject to exclusions
consistent with those contained in the Transaction Documents. The Company has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to deliver to
Garchik an amendment to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2022, pursuant to which the Convertible Notes were purchased,
permitting the grant of that collateral security to Garchik. Upon the grant of that collateral security, interest will accrue on the outstanding
Principal Amount under the Initial Promissory Note at a per annum rate equal to 12 , paid in kind, capitalized and added to the balance
of the loan on a quarterly basis, calculated on a 360-day year basis, on the outstanding aggregate balance. 

33 

The
Initial Promissory Note includes customary Events of Default, including, among other things, (i) failing to make payment of any of the
Principal Amount or interest due and such failure continues for not less than 5 business days without being cured; (ii) any representation
or warranty in the Initial Promissory note being untrue in any material respect and such failure continuing for a period of not less than
5 business days without being cured; or (iii) the Initial Promissory Note shall for any reason cease to be, or shall be asserted by the
Company or any affiliate thereof not to be, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company. Upon an Event of Default, Garchik can
declare all outstanding amounts under the Initial Promissory Note due, along with any accrued interest. 

Guaranty 

In
connection with the Company and Garchik entering into the Initial Promissory Note, each Guarantor of the Company agreed to, for the benefit
and security of Garchik, guarantee the payment and performance all of the Company s obligations under the Initial Promissory Note
and the Guaranty. 

Release Agreement 

In
connection with the A R Facility Agreement, on March 9, 2023, the Company and Garchik entered into the Release Agreement, pursuant
to which the Company and Garchik mutually agreed to release any and all rights to make a claim against the other and any existing claims
against the other arising out of or relating to the Original Facility Agreement. 

Additional Information 

The
foregoing is only a summary of the material terms of the A R Facility Agreement, the Initial Promissory Note, the Guaranty, the Release
Agreement and the other transaction documents, and does not purport to be a complete description of the rights and obligations of the
parties thereunder. The summary of the A R Facility Agreement, the Initial Promissory Note, the Guaranty, the Release Agreement is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the forms of such agreements, which are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report and are incorporated
by reference herein. 

Pursuant
to the Nomination Right under the A R Facility Agreement, Mr. Garchik nominated Rhon Daguro, Ken Jisser, Michael Thompson and Thomas
Szoke for appointment to the Board of Directors. On March 9, 2023, the Board of Directors appointed Messrs. Daguro, Jisser,
Thompson and Szoke as additional directors of the Company and reduced the size of the Board of Directors from 8 directors to 7 directors,
with effect from the resignations of the Retiring Directors. Under the terms of the A R Facility Agreement, the Nomination Right expired
upon the appointment of the four (4) Additional Directors to the Board of Directors. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our significant
accounting policies are more fully described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. Those material accounting estimates
that we believe are the most critical to an investor s understanding of our financial results and condition are discussed immediately
below and are particularly important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations and require the application
of significant judgment by our management to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in the determination of certain estimates. 

Use of Estimates 

In preparing these
consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that may affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated
financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. 

Revenue Recognition 

Revenue recognition policy for significant revenue generating activities
from continuing operations: 

All contracts are reviewed
for their respective performance obligations and related revenue and expense recognition implications. A performance obligation under
the revenue standard is defined as a promise to provide a distinct good or service to a customer and is the unit of account
for revenue recognition. The Company s revenues that are derived from the identity services could include multiple performance obligations.
Additionally, the contracts could include implementation services, or support on an as needed basis and we will review each
contract and determine whether such performance obligations are separate and distinct and apply the standard accordingly to the revenue
and expense derived from or related to each such service. 

34 

Legacy Authentication Services 
 The Company historically has sold certain legacy software licenses to customers and revenue is recognized when delivery occurs,
and all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. During both 2022 and 2021, the Company provided annual software maintenance
support services relating to previously licensed software on a stand-ready basis. These fees were billed in advance and recognized ratably
over the requisite service period as revenue. 

Revenue recognition policy
for its discontinued operations: 

Cards Plus - The Company
recognizes revenue for the design and production of cards at the point in time when products are shipped, or services have been performed
due to the short-term nature of the contracts. 

Payment Processing 
The Company recognizes revenue for variable fees generated for payment processing solutions that are earned on a usage fee over time based
on monthly transaction volumes or on a monthly flat fee rate. Additionally, the Company also sells certain equipment from time to time
for which revenue is recognized at a point in time the equipment is delivered to the customer. 

Intangible Assets 

Intangible assets
include when applicable, costs associated with software development of new product offerings and enhancements to existing applications.
Research development costs are expensed as incurred. Development costs of computer software to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed
are subject to capitalization beginning when a product s technological feasibility has been established and ending when a product
is available for general release to customers. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, all assets have been placed into service. 

Long-lived assets
are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted
future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. 

If the carrying amount of an asset
exceeds its undiscounted estimated future cash flows, an impairment review is performed. An impairment charge is recognized in the amount
by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Generally fair value is determined using valuations techniques
such as expected discounted cash flows or appraisals, as appropriate. Assets to be disposed of would be separately presented in the balance
sheet and reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell and are no longer depreciated. The assets and
liabilities of a disposed group classified as held for sale would be presented separately in the appropriate asset and liability sections
of the balance sheet. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company determined that certain intangibles assets are no longer recoverable
and wrote off approximately 1.1 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company determined that certain intangibles assets
would not be recovered and an impairment expense of approximately 0.8 million was recognized. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the intangible
assets approximate 0.6 million and 2.4 million, respectively. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill is recorded
when the purchase price paid for an acquisition exceeds the fair value of net identified tangible and intangible assets acquired. The
Company performs an annual impairment test of goodwill and further periodic tests to the extent indicators of impairment develop between
annual impairment tests. The Company s impairment review process compares the fair value of the reporting unit to it carrying value,
including the goodwill related to the reporting unit utilizing qualitative considerations. To determine the fair value of the reporting
unit, the Company may use various approaches including an asset or cost approach, market approach or income approach or any combination
thereof. These approaches may require the Company to make certain estimates and assumptions including future cash flows, revenue and expenses.
These estimates and assumptions are reviewed each time the Company tests goodwill for impairment and are typically developed as part of
the Company s routine business planning and forecasting process. While the Company believes its estimates and assumptions are reasonable,
variations from those estimates could produce materially different results. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s projection and assessment did not indicate that an impairment charge was required as its fair value
was in excess of carrying value. 

Stock-based compensation 

The Company has accounted for
stock-based compensation under the provisions of FASB ASC 718 Stock Compensation which requires the use of the fair-value
based method to determine compensation for all arrangements under which employees and others receive shares of stock or equity instruments
(stock options and common stock purchase warrants). For both employee and non-employee awards, the fair value of each stock option award
is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes and Monte-Carlo valuation models as appropriate that uses assumptions for expected
volatility, expected dividends, expected term, and the risk-free interest rate. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility
of peer companies and other factors estimated over the expected term of the stock options. For employee awards, the expected term of options
granted is derived using the simplified method which computes expected term as the average of the sum of the vesting term
plus the contract term. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for the period of
the expected term. 

Adjusted EBITDA. 

This discussion
includes information about Adjusted EBITDA that is not prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA is not based on any standardized
methodology prescribed by U.S. GAAP and is not necessarily comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. A reconciliation
of this non-GAAP measure is included below. 

35 

Adjusted EBITDA
is a non-GAAP financial measure that represents U.S. GAAP net income (loss) adjusted to exclude (1) interest expense, (2) interest income,
(3) provision for income taxes, (4) depreciation and amortization, (5) stock-based compensation expense (stock options) and (6) certain
other items management believes affect the comparability of operating results. Other items included the following: 

Severance
 cost of 0.2 million in 2022 and 0.3 million in 2021 

Impairment loss of 1.1 million in 2022 and 0.8
million in 2021 

Gain on extinguishment of debt of 0 in 2022
and 1.0 million in 2021 

Management
believes that Adjusted EBITDA, when viewed with our results under U.S. GAAP and the accompanying reconciliations, provides useful information
about our period-over-period results. Adjusted EBITDA is presented because management believes it provides additional information with
respect to the performance of our fundamental business activities and is also frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other
interested parties in the evaluation of comparable companies. We also rely on Adjusted EBITDA as a primary measure to review and assess
the operating performance of our company and our management, and it will be a focus as we invest in and grow the business. 

Adjusted EBITDA
has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation from, or as a substitute for, analysis of our results
as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect our cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 

Although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced
in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; 

Adjusted EBITDA does not include the impact of certain charges or gains resulting from matters we consider not to be indicative of
our ongoing operations. 

Because of these limitations,
adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as a measure of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business.
We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our U.S. GAAP results and using Adjusted EBITDA only as a supplement to our
U.S. GAAP results. 

Reconciliation of Net Loss From Continuing Operations
to Adjusted EBITDA Continuing Operations 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Loss from continuing operations 
 (23,675,310 
 (16,711,493 

Addback: 

Interest expense 
 1,359,954 
 586,850 
 
 Other expense (income) 
 37,221 
 (651 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 (971,522 
 
 Severance cost 
 150,000 
 305,000 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 749,900 
 1,157,773 
 
 Impairment losses 
 1,101,867 
 831,075 
 
 Taxes 
 7,670 
 10,746 
 
 Stock compensation 
 8,870,168 
 6,702,797 

Adjusted EBITDA continuing operations (Non-GAAP) 
 (11,398,530 
 (8,089,425 

The increase in
Adjusted EBITDA Loss From Continuing Operations in 2022 compared to 2021 is principally due to the investment in people, technology and
marketing associated with the rebranding of the Company and the improvement of its core products. 

Results of Operations and Financial Condition for the Year Ended
December 31, 2022 as Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Continuing Operations 

Revenues, net 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company revenues from Verified software license were approximately 157,000 compared to approximately 65,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. Verified software license revenue increased as we acquired new customers. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, Legacy authentication services revenues were 371,000 compared to 549,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Revenue from
Legacy authentication services dropped significantly due to the loss of a large customer that decommissioned a legacy product offering
as of April 1, 2022. 

36 

General and administrative expenses 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, general and administrative expenses increased by approximately 1.8 million compared to the year ended
December 31, 2021. General and administrative expenses increased mostly due to the higher non-cash stock-based charges, higher
compensation for the sales force and marketing expenses as the Company makes investment in people and marketing its product offering.

Research and development expenses 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, research and development expenses increased by approximately 3.4 million as the Company increased staffing and third party
resources as it continues to enhance its Verified software. In addition, in the second half of fiscal year 2022 we aligned expenses with
resources and activities for fiscal year 2022 which resulted in higher research and development expenses and lower general and administrative
expenses. 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, depreciation and amortization decreased by approximately 408,000 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, as the Company
reduced the value of certain legacy business assets. 

Interest expense 

Interest expense increased
during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 by 773,000 as the Company issued 9.1 million Convertible
Notes in March 2022. 

Discontinued operations 

The Board of Directors of
authID considers it in the best interests of the Company to focus its business activities on providing biometric identity verification
products and services by means of our proprietary Verified platform. Accordingly, on May 4, 2022, the Board approved a plan to exit from
certain non-core activities comprising the MultiPay correspondent bank, payment services in Columbia and the Cards Plus cards manufacturing
and printing business in South Africa. 

Cards Plus business in South Africa 

On August 29, 2022, the Company
completed the sale of Cards Plus business for a price of 300,000, less 3,272 in costs to sell, and recognized a loss of 188,247 from
the transaction. Of the 300,000 gross proceeds, 150,000 was paid on closing and the remaining 150,000 is expected to be paid in a year
which is currently recorded in other current assets as of December 31, 2022. 

MultiPay business in Colombia 

The Company is exiting the
MultiPay business in Colombia in an orderly fashion, honoring our obligations to employees, customers and under applicable laws and regulations.
We plan to maintain our customer support and operations team in Bogota, which performs essential functions to support the global operations
of our Verified product. 

As of December 31, 2022 all
impacted employees left the Company and the Company also paid each employee their compensation entitlements and severance packages under
the MultiPay retention plan and obligations under the appropriate statutes. 

As of December 31, 2022, the
Company is leasing certain MultiPay proprietary software to its one customer. All remaining employees in MultiPay are working for our
US operation. 

During the year December 31,
2022, Cards Plus revenue was approximately 1,264,000 compared to approximately 1,318,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021. MultiPay
revenue in the same periods was approximately 240,000 and 361,000, respectively. Cards Plus had net income from discontinued operations
during the year ended December 31, 2022 of approximately 22,000 compared to losses from discontinued operations of approximately 21,000
during the year ended December 31, 2021. MultiPay had losses of approximately 389,000 and 933,000 during the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The financial statements of
Cards Plus and MultiPay have been classified as discontinued operations as of December 31, 2022, as all required classification criteria
under appropriate accounting guidance were met. 

Ukraine 

The war in Ukraine
may impact the Company and its operations in a number of different ways, which are yet to be fully assessed and are therefore uncertain.
The Company s principal concern is for the safety of the personnel who support us from that region. The Company works with third
party sub- contractors for outsourced services, including software engineering and development, some of whom are based in Eastern Europe,
including Latvia and Ukraine. The Company also works with outsourced engineers and developers and third-party providers in other parts
of the world, including the United States, Europe, India and South America. While the continuing impact of this conflict and the response
of the United States and other countries to it by means of trade and economic sanctions, or other actions is still unknown, it could disrupt
our ability to work with certain contractors. The Company has taken steps to diversify its sub-contractor base, which may in the short
term give rise to additional costs and delays in delivering software and product upgrades. 

37 

The uncertainty
impacting and potential interruption in energy and other supply chains resulting from military hostilities in Europe and the response
of the United States and other countries to it by means of trade and economic sanctions, or other actions, may give rise to increases
in costs of goods and services generally and may impact the market for our products as prospective customers reconsider additional capital
expenditure, or other investment plans until the situation becomes clearer. On the other hand, the threat of increased cyber-attacks from
Russia or other countries may prompt enterprises to adopt additional security measures such as those offered by the Company. 

For so long as
the hostilities continue and perhaps even thereafter as the situation in Europe unfolds, we may see increased volatility in financial
markets and a flight to safety by investors, which may impact our stock price and make it more difficult for the Company to raise additional
capital at the time when it needs to do so, or for financing to be available upon acceptable terms. All or any of these risks separately,
or in combination could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Macro-Economic Conditions 

The
global economy has been undergoing a period of political and economic uncertainty and stock markets are experiencing high levels of volatility,
and it is difficult to predict how long this uncertainty and volatility will continue. The continuing war in Ukraine, inflationary pressures,
rising energy prices and increases in interest rates have impacted the United States and other major economies and have created uncertainty
regarding a possible recession. As a result, many businesses, especially in the technology sector have made significant cut-backs in expenditure,
including reductions in force and investment freezes. Our sales and results are also impacted by the changes in levels of spending on
identity verification, management and security methods, and thus, negative trends in the global economy and other factors which negatively
impact such spending may negatively impact the growth of our revenue from those products. 

Covid-19 

Covid-19 emerged
globally in December 2019, and it has been declared a pandemic. Covid-19 is still impacting customers, business, results and financial
condition throughout the world. The Company s day-to-day operations have been impacted differently depending on geographic location
and services that are being performed. Our operations in the United States and Colombia have not been impacted this year as most staff
can work remotely and can continue to develop our product offerings. 

That said we have seen our business opportunities develop
more slowly as business partners and potential customers include Covid-19 considerations. 

Furthermore, working remotely can cause a delay in decision
making and finalization of negotiations and agreements. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December
31, 2022, current assets were 4.3 million and current liabilities outstanding amounted to 1.2 million which resulted in net working
capital of 3.1 million. 

Net cash used by
operating activities was 12.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 8.8 million in 2021. Cash used in operations
for 2022 and 2021 was the primarily result of funding the business operations as the Company invested in people, product and marketing
as we are developing and expanding the business. 

Net cash used in
investing activities in 2022 and 2021 was approximately 183,000 and 117,000 as the Company invested in software development expenditures
which were capitalized. 

Net cash provided
by financing activities for 2022 was approximately 10.2 million, which consisted primarily of the net proceeds from the sale of convertible
notes and of common stock in March 2022. The Company also paid the short-term convertible note of 662,000 in full. Net cash provided
by financing activities for 2021 was approximately 11.1 million, which consisted primarily of the net proceeds from the sale of common
stock and the exercise of stock options and warrants in 2021. 

In 2023, the Company
will continue to be opportunistic as well as judicious in raising additional funds to support its operations and investments as it creates
a sustainable organization. There is no guarantee that such financing will be available if available on acceptable terms. 

Our growth-oriented business plan to offer products to our customers
will require continued capital investment. Research and development activities and technology deployment will require continued investment.
We raised approximately 10.3 million and 11.1 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, through equity and debt financing at varying terms.
As discussed in the Subsequent Events below, the Company has secured additional financing of 3.6 million which provides funding for its
current operations as it continues to invest in its product, people, and technology. The Company projects that the investments will lead
to revenue expansion thereby reducing liquidity needs. However, in order to further implement its business plan and satisfy its working
capital requirements, the Company will need to raise additional capital. There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to raise
additional equity or debt financing at acceptable terms, if at all. 

There is no guarantee that
our current business plan will not change, and as a result of such change, we will need additional capital to implement such business
plan. Further, assuming we achieve our expected growth plan, of which there is no guarantee, we will need additional capital to implement
growth beyond our current business plan. 

38 

Description of Indebtedness 

As described in
Item 1A, (Risk Factors) the Company has a history of losses and may not be able to achieve profitability in the near term. The Company
has not been able to achieve positive cash flows from operations and raised additional financing in 2022 and 2021 from the sale of equity
and convertible notes. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company
has a series of Senior Secured Convertible Notes outstanding for approximately 9.1 million due in March 2025. 

See Notes 6, 7 and 8 of the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information associated with the credit facility, notes payable and convertible notes payable. 

See Subsequent Events 
for additional information regarding the Facility Agreement with Garchik. 

Equity Financing 

See Note 9 of the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information associated with equity financing in 2022 and 2021. 

2022 Common Stock Transactions 

On March 18 and March 21, 2022, the Company entered into Subscription
Agreements (the Subscription Agreements with an accredited investor and certain members of authID s management team
(the PIPE Investors ), and, pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, sold to the PIPE Investors a total of 1,063,514 shares
of our common stock at prices of 3.03 per share for an outside investor and 3.70 per share for the management investors (the PIPE ).
The aggregate gross proceeds from the PIPE are approximately 3.3 million. 

On March 21, 2022, the Company entered into a Facility Agreement
with a current shareholder and noteholder of the Company, pursuant to which the shareholder agreed to provide the Company a 10.0 million
unsecured standby letter of credit facility. Pursuant to the Credit Facility, the Company paid the Facility Commitment Fee of 100,000
shares of our common stock with a fair market value of 3.03 per share upon the effective date of the Credit Facility. 

The Company issued a total of 28,496 shares of our common
stock to the Note Investors as an additional origination fee. 

Additionally, the Company issued 479,845 shares of common stock for
approximately 696,000 of interest owed from the effective date of the Convertible Notes until December 31, 2022. 

Certain warrant, stock option and convertible note holders exercised
their respective warrants and stock options and conversion right and were issued approximately 353,216 shares of our common stock. 

2021 Common Stock Transactions 

On August 26, 2021, the Company completed the offering, pursuant
to a Registration Statement on Form S-1, of 1,642,856 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of 7.00 per share, including
214,285 shares sold upon full exercise of the underwriter s option to purchase additional shares, for gross proceeds of approximately
 11.5 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses. 

During 2021, convertible notes totaling approximately 6.2
million and a portion of their accrued interest were converted at the option of the noteholders into approximately 1,171,000 shares of
common stock of the Company. 

During 2021, the Company issued approximately 756,000 shares
of common stock pursuant to cashless exercises of common stock purchase warrants and options, and approximately 81,000 shares of common
stock pursuant to exercises of common stock purchase warrants and options for cash. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet financing arrangements. 

Contractual Obligations 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had the following contractual
obligations. 

Payments due by period 

Less than 

More than 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Total 
 1 year 
 1-3 years 
 3-5 years 
 5 years 

Convertible Notes Payable 
 9,125,202 
 - 
 9,125,202 
 - 
 - 
 
 Operating Lease 
 10,593 
 10,593 
 - 
 - 
 - 

9,135,795 
 10,593 
 9,125,202 
 - 
 - 

39 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Our consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm (PCOAB ID 00677), are set forth
on pages F-1 through F-29 of this report. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As of the end of
the period covered by this Annual Report, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer performed an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based on the evaluation, the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
are effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the report that it files or submits under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

The Company s
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company, as defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our internal control over financial reporting
is designed to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements in accordance with 

U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
Our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures
or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well-designed
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design
of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative
to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance
that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected
and such evaluation is subject to the risks discussed in item 1A Risk Factors of this Report. 

The Company s
management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, using
the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission. Based on management s assessment using the above criteria, management concluded that the Company maintained
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There have been
no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal year that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

40 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate
Governance; 

The current Directors and Officers of the Company are as
follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position (s) and Offices Held 
 
 Rhoniel A. Daguro 
 
 48 
 
 Director and Chief Executive Officer 

Joseph Trelin (1)(3) 
 
 62 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Hang Thi Bich Pham 
 
 47 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Ken Jisser 
 
 45 
 
 Director 

Michael L. Koehneman (1)(2) 
 
 62 
 
 Director 

Thomas R. Szoke 
 
 58 
 
 Director 

Michael C. Thompson (2)(3) 
 
 62 
 
 Director 

Jacqueline L. White (1)(3) 
 
 58 
 
 Director 

denotes Committee Chair 

(1) Audit Committee 

(2) Governance Committee 

(3) Compensation Committee 

Rhoniel
A. Daguro 

Mr.
Daguro joined our company as a director on March 9 2023 and was appointed CEO on March 23, 2023. He has over 20 years of sales, marketing,
technology, and venture capital experience. He has built multiple profitable software and professional services firms. Most recently,
from 2018 to 2022, he served as the Chief Revenue Officer of Socure Inc. Prior to that, Mr. Daguro held various executive sales positions
with Persistent Systems, Hortonworks, and Oracle. 

Joseph Trelin 

Mr. Trelin joined
our company as a Director on April 18, 2022 and became Chairman of the Board on March 16, 2023. Mr. Trelin, is a senior, creative business
and product leader, technologist and entrepreneur. Since June 2021, Mr. Trelin has served in a consultant capacity advising start-ups
to mid-size companies on operations, product strategy and growth. From January 2016 to July 2019, Mr. Trelin served as the Chief Platform
Officer of Clear Secure Inc. Mr. Trelin served as the VP Product, Digital Products at NBCUniversal, Inc. from January 2015 through January
2016 and in various roles including as Product Management Technology Business Leader and General Manager for Amazon.com, Inc. from
January 2009 to January 2015. Mr. Trelin also previously served as the Vice President, Product Development and IT for Standard and Poor s.
Mr. Trelin received a Masters Equivalent in Computer Science from Hofstra University and a BA in Sociology from the State University of
New York Albany. 

Annie Pham 

Mrs. Hang Thi Bich Pham Annie serves as Chief Financial
Officer of the Company on June 21, 2022. Mrs. Pham has served in senior finance leadership roles in the technology sector, most recently
at SonicWall, Inc, where she served as Chief Accounting Officer from 2017 to the present. From 2014 to 2017, Mrs. Pham served as Vice
President of Finance at Applied Micro Circuits Corporation (acquired by MACOM Technology Solutions Holding and from 2008 to 2014 as Director,
Assistant Corporate Controller at Broadcom (formerly Avago), where she scaled Avago s global financial function to meet the requirements
of a publicly traded and high-growth company with revenues growing from 1+billion to 2+billion over a three-year period. Mrs. Pham earned
her MBA at the University of Sydney, Australia. She is a Licensed Certified Public Accountant (active) in the state of California. 

41 

Ken Jisser 

Mr.
Jisser joined authID on March 9, 2023. He is the Founder CEO of The Pipeline Group, Inc., a technology-enabled services company
that aims to deliver business results for companies looking to build predictable and profitable pipeline. Mr. Jisser founded the company
in his garage in 2017, and it reached #415 among the fastest growing private companies in America, according to Inc. Magazine rankings
published in 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Jisser served as GTM Advisor at Druva Inc., where he rebuilt the global inside sales team. 

Michael L. Koehneman 

Mr. Koehneman joined
our company as a Director on June 9, 2021. Mr. Koehneman previously held various positions at Pricewaterhouse Coopers, a global accounting
firm, through 2020, including the Global Advisory Chief Operating Officer and Human Capital Leader from 2016 through 2019, the U.S. Advisory
Operations Leader from 2005 through 2016 responsible for the oversight of Advisory services for PwC, including business unit performance,
finance, investments, human resources, acquisitions, and administration, and the Lead Engagement Partner for Financial Statement Audits
and Internal Control and Security Reviews from 1993 through 2004 for several public and private company audits. Since 2020 he has also
served as a director and member of the Audit Committee of Aspen Group, Inc. 

Thomas
R. Szoke 

Mr.
Thomas Szoke is a co-founder of AuthID and has over 35 years of executive management, solutions engineering, and operations management
experience in Government Security, Identity Access Management and SaaS solutions industries. He rejoined the Company as a Director on
March 9, 2023. Mr. Szoke previously served as a Director and the Company s Chief Solutions Architect and has held several other
executive positions since its inception, from 2013 through 2021. He has also expanded the Company s market presence and product
portfolio through technological innovation and global strategic partnerships. Mr. Szoke has been issued several US and international patents
focused on identity solutions and has pioneered the concept and development of different product lines for the Company including its Multi-Factor
Out-of-Band Identity and Transaction Authentication Platform. Since 2021, he has been an independent consultant for the Company and others. 

Michael
C. Thompson 

Mr.
Thompson joined the Company as a Director on March 9, 2023. He has over 38 years of domestic and international experience in publicly
traded and private equity backed consumer and commercial businesses. Since 2022, Mr. Thompson has been a partner at Hemingway Capital,
an operationally focused private equity firm. Previously, he served as Chief Executive Officer for companies in the bedding (Corsicana
Mattress from 2018 to 2022), polyurethane foam and pet products industries and was an operating executive for two leading middle-market
private equity firms. Mr. Thompson has also held executive positions with Rubbermaid Commercial Products, Merillat Industries, a division
of Masco Corporation, and Black+Decker, and began his career with Sunbeam Appliance Company. 

Jacqueline L. White 

Ms. White joined
our company as a Director on June 9, 2021. Ms. White has been a leader in enterprise technology software and IT consulting for the past
25 years. Ms. White has held global positions at SAP, Oracle, and Accenture, always leading diverse, high performing organizations around
the world. After leading the Banking Capital Markets line of business of DXC Technology Co. (NYSE: DXC) as Senior Vice President
and Practice Lead from September 2019 to January 2021, Ms. White recently joined in January 2021 the Executive Management Team of Temenos
AG (Six: TEMN), a company specializing in enterprise software for banks and financial services, as the President of the Americas Region.
From January 2018 through September 2019, Ms. White served as the Chief Revenue Officer of Saltstack, a VM Ware Company, and from January
2015 through January 2018 as Global Senior Vice President Global FSI Consulting for SAP (NYSE: SAP). Prior to joining SAP, Ms. White held
various positions with Accenture Services Pvt. Ltd., Oracle, BearingPoint and Novell. Ms. White was named by Utah Business Magazine as
 Top Executives to Watch in July 2020. Ms. White received a BA in Comparative Literature from Brigham Young University and
a Leadership Certificate from Boston University. 

Board Committees 

Board meetings during calendar year ended 2022 

During 2022, the
Board of Directors held seven meetings as well as committee meetings, as outlined below. Each director attended all of the meetings of
the Board and all of the meetings held by all committees on which such director served, apart from one meeting which one director was
not able to attend. The Board also approved certain actions by unanimous written consent. 

42 

Committees established by the Board 

The Board of Directors
has standing Audit, Compensation, and Governance Committees. Information concerning the function of each Board committee follows. 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee
is responsible for overseeing management s implementation of effective internal accounting and financial controls, supervising matters
relating to audit functions, reviewing and setting internal policies and procedures regarding audits, accounting and other financial controls,
reviewing the results of our audit performed by the independent public accountants, and evaluating and selecting the independent public
accountants. The Audit Committee has adopted an Audit Committee Charter which is posted on the Corporate Governance page under the tab
labeled Board Committees on our Investor Relations website at https://investors.authid.ai. The Board has designated the
Chair of the Committee as the audit committee financial expert as defined by the SEC. During 2022, the Audit Committee held
six meetings. The Committee also approved certain actions by unanimous written consent. 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation
Committee determines matters pertaining to the compensation of our named executive officers and administers our stock option and incentive
compensation plans. The Compensation Committee has adopted a Compensation Committee Charter which is posted on our which is posted on
the Corporate Governance page under the tab labeled Board Committees on our Investor Relations website at https://investors.authid.ai.
During 2022, the Compensation Committee held three meetings and also approved certain actions by unanimous written consent. 

Governance Committee 

The Governance
Committee is responsible for considering potential Board members, nominating Directors for election to the Board, implementing the Company s
corporate governance policies, recommending compensation for the Board and for all other purposes outlined in the Governance Committee
Charter, which is posted on the Corporate Governance page under the tab labeled Board Committees on our Investor Relations
website at https://investors.authid.ai. During 2022, the Governance Committee held two meetings also approved certain actions by unanimous
written consent. 

Nomination of Directors 

As provided in
its charter, the Governance Committee is responsible for identifying individuals qualified to become directors. The Governance Committee
seeks to identify director candidates based on input provided by a number of sources including (1) the Governance Committee members, (2)
our other directors, (3) our stockholders, (4) our Chief Executive Officer or Chair of the Board, and (5) third parties such as service
providers. In evaluating potential candidates for director, the Governance Committee considers the entirety of each candidate s
credentials. 

Qualifications
for consideration as a director nominee may vary according to the particular areas of expertise being sought as a complement to the existing
composition of the Board of Directors. However, at a minimum, candidates for director must possess: 

high personal and professional ethics and integrity; 

the ability to exercise sound judgment; 

the ability to make independent analytical inquiries; 

a willingness and ability to devote adequate time and resources to diligently perform Board and committee duties; and 

the appropriate and relevant business experience and acumen. 

Legal Proceedings 

There are currently
no legal proceedings, and during the past 10 years there have been no legal proceedings, that are material to the evaluation of the ability
or integrity of any of our directors. 

43 

Family Relationships 

There are no family
relationships among our directors and executive officers. There is no arrangement or understanding between or among our executive officers
and directors pursuant to which any director or officer was or is to be selected as a director or officer. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To our knowledge, during the last ten years, none of our
directors and executive officers has: 

Had a bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either
at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time. 

Been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor
offenses. 

Been subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or
banking activities. 

Been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have
violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Been the subject to, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reverse, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory
organization, any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over
its members or persons associated with a member. 

To our knowledge, none of our directors and executive officers
has at any time been subject to any proceedings: 

that were initiated by any regulatory, civil or criminal agency 

in which claims alleging fraud were asserted and seeking damages in excess of 100,000 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted
a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Policy (the Code of Ethics that applies to all directors and officers, which is posted
on the Corporate Governance page under the tab labeled Board Committees on our Investor Relations website at https://investors.authid.ai.
The Code of Ethics describes the legal, ethical and regulatory standards that must be followed by the directors and officers of the Company
and sets forth high standards of business conduct applicable to each director and officer. As adopted, the Code of Ethics sets forth written
standards that are designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote, among other things: 

honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional
relationships; 

compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; 

the prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code of Ethics to the appropriate person or persons identified in the code; and 

accountability for adherence to the Code of Ethics. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our directors and executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of the
issued and outstanding shares of our common stock to file reports of initial ownership of common stock and other equity securities and
subsequent changes in that ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent stockholders are required by SEC regulation
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. To our knowledge, based solely on a review of the copies of such reports
furnished to us and written representations that no other reports were required, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 all Section
16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were complied with, except that
one filing was inadvertently made late by Mr. Broenniman and Mr. Gorriz. 

44 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The below table
sets forth information concerning all cash and non-cash compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to (i) all individuals serving as the
Company s principal executive officers or acting in a similar capacity during the last two completed fiscal years, regardless of
compensation level, and (ii) the Company s two most highly compensated executive officers other than the principal executive officers
serving at the end of the last two completed fiscal years (collectively, the Named Executive Officers ). 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Non-Equity 
 All 

Stock 
 Option 
 Incentive Plan 
 Other 

Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name and Title 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 

Phillip Kumnick 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Former CEO and President (1) 
 2021 
 65,939 
 - 
 127,500 
 2,201,498 
 - 
 - 
 2,394,937 

Thomas Thimot 
 2022 
 325,000 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5,271 
 330,253 
 
 CEO (2) 
 2021 
 168,542 
 - 
 - 
 5,272,000 
 75,000 
 - 
 5,515,542 

Cecil Smith III 
 2022 
 275,000 
 - 
 - 
 437,650 
 - 
 6,198 
 718,848 
 
 President and CTO (3) 
 2021 
 140,073 
 50,000 
 - 
 2,636,000 
 75,000 
 - 
 2,901,073 

Thomas Szoke 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Chief Solutions Architect and Former Director (4) 
 2021 
 252,083 
 - 
 - 
 138,000 
 206,250 
 305,000 
 901,333 

Stuart Stoller 
 2022 
 110,681 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 110,681 
 
 CFO (5) 
 2021 
 237,500 
 - 
 500,000 
 414,000 
 393,750 
 - 
 1,545,250 

Hang Thi Bich Pham 
 2022 
 147,019 
 25,000 
 - 
 768,170 
 - 
 3,025 
 943,214 
 
 CFO (6) 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) Mr. Kumnick was hired as Chief Executive Officer on May 22,
2020 and as part of his compensation package was granted 1,111,111 stock options 2020 Stock Options of which 20 vest
at grant date and the balance vest subject to performance conditions. As of December 31, 2021, all of Mr. Kumnick s 2020 Stock
Options were vested and exercisable as the performance obligations were met in 2021 for the 2020 Stock Options. In December 2019, Mr.
Kumnick was granted 100,000 stock options (66,667 vested) in connection with his appointment to the Board of Directors. In May 2021,
Mr. Kumnick was granted an additional 583,333 stock options 2021 Stock Options of which 9,018 were vested and vesting
of the remainder of which is subject to performance conditions. In November 2021, Mr. Kumnick agreed to cancel 300,000 of the 2021 Stock
Options. None of such 300,000 2021 Stock Options were vested and included in the Executive Compensation table is the grant date fair
value of the remaining 2021 stock options net of the amount canceled. Additionally, in March 2020, Mr. Kumnick was granted 50,000 shares
of restricted stock that vested in 2021 upon attainment of the performance conditions. The stock option and restricted stock aggregate
grant date fair value in 2020 were approximately 1,268,000 and 127,500 respectively. The restricted stock award of 127,500 was earned
and reported in 2021 as the performance conditions were met. Mr. Kumnick has not exercised or realized a gain on any of these options
or realized a gain on the remaining stock award shares as of the date of this report. Mr. Kumnick resigned on June 13, 2021 as the Company s
CEO but continued to serve on the Board of Directors as Chairman of the Board, until his resignation on March 9, 2023. 

45 

(2) Mr. Thomas Thimot was hired as Chief Executive Officer on June 14,
2021. Mr. Thimot and the Company entered into an Offer Letter pursuant to which Mr. Thimot will earn an annual salary of 325,000 with
a bonus target at 50 of the base salary (pro-rated for 2021) upon terms to be agreed with the Compensation Committee for 2021, which
was finally determined to be 75,000 and on the understanding that the 2022 target will include a requirement of the Company achieving
three times the annual revenue of 2021. The Compensation Committee approved a bonus of 75,000 for 2021 on January 25, 2022. Additionally,
Mr. Thimot was granted an option to acquire 1,200,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 7.80 per share for a term of ten
years of which half of the options vest monthly over four years and the balance is subject to certain performance vesting requirements.
The aggregate grant date fair value of Mr. Thimot s stock options was 5,272,000. Mr. Thimot has not exercised or realized a gain
on his vested stock options as of the date of the submission of this report. All other compensation is primarily the Company s 401(k)
match for the fiscal year 2022. Mr. Thimot tendered his resignation as CEO on March 6, 2023, which became effective on the appointment
of his successor on March 23, 2023. 

(3) Mr. Smith was hired as President and CTO on June 14, 2021. Mr. Smith and the Company entered an into
 an Offer Letter pursuant to which Mr. Smith will earn an annual salary of 275,000 with a bonus target at 50 of the base salary
 (pro-rated for 2021) upon terms to be agreed with the Compensation Committee for 2021, which was finally determined to be 75,000.
 The Compensation Committee approved a bonus of 75,000 for 2021 on January 25, 2022. In addition, Mr. Smith received a bonus of
 50,000 after 90 days of service. Additionally. Mr. Smith was granted an option to acquire 600,000 shares of common stock at an
 exercise price of 7.80 per share for a term of ten years of which half of the options vest monthly over four years and the balance
 is subject to certain performance vesting requirements. The aggregate grant date fair value of Mr. Smith s stock options was
 2,636,000. In March 2022, Mr. Smith was granted an option to acquire 150,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 2.83
 per share for a term of ten years which will vest over one year period with grant date fair value of approximately 362,000. In
 December 2022, Mr. Smith was granted an option to purchase 100,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.79 per share
 for a term of ten years which will vest over one year period at the aggregate grant date fair value of 76,000. Mr. Smith has not
 exercised or realized a gain on his vested stock options as of the date of the submission of this report. Mr. Smith left the Company
 as of February 15, 2023 and his unvested stock options lapsed at that time. All other compensation is primarily the Company s
 401(k) match for the fiscal year 2022. On February 15, 2023, Mr. Smith ceased to be and employee and President and CTO. 

(4) Mr. Szoke was the Chief Solutions Architect and former Director
of the Company. Mr. Szoke retired in November 2021 and received an agreement to receive 305,000 over the ensuing year in lieu of his
executive retention agreement. Additionally, the Company accelerated the vesting of the stock options granted in 2021. Mr. Szoke has
not exercised or realized a gain on any of his vested stock options as of the date if the submission of this report. Mr. Szoke was reappointed
as a Director of the Company on March 9, 2023. 

(5) Mr. Stoller was hired on January 31, 2017 and as part of
his compensation package was granted 166,667 stock options which vest over three years and 166,667 shares of restricted stock which shares
vest upon attainment of certain performance criteria. In May 2021, Mr. Stoller was granted 100,000 stock options which each vest over
three years. The aggregate grant date fair value of the 2021 stock options were 414,000. As of December 31, 2021, 194,445 of the stock
options granted were vested and exercisable and the restricted stock (166,667 common shares) vested in 2021 as a result of satisfaction
of the performance conditions. Mr. Stoller sold 95,000 shares of common stock in 2021 to pay the estimated income tax obligations resulting
from the vesting of the restricted stock. Mr. Stoller resigned and retired effective as of June 17, 2022. In connection with his retirement,
the Board of Director s approved the vesting of approximately 122,222 stock options which were unvested as of June 17, 2022. 

(6) Ms. Pham was hired as Chief Financial Officer on April 25, 2022 and commenced employment on June 20,
 2022. Ms. Pham and the Company entered an Offer Letter pursuant to which Ms. Pham received a signing bonus of 25,000 and will earn
 an annual salary of 275,000 with a bonus target at 40 of the base salary (pro-rated for 2022). In addition, Ms. Pham was granted
 an option to acquire 350,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 2.41 per share for a term of ten years of which half of
 the options vest monthly over four years and the balance is subject to certain performance vesting requirements. The aggregate grant
 date fair value of Ms. Pham s stock options was 722,750. In December 2022, Ms. Pham was granted an option to purchase 60,000
 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.79 per share for a term of ten years which will vest over one year period at the
 aggregate grant date fair value of 45,000. Mr. Pham has not exercised or realized a gain on her vested stock options as of the date
 of the submission of this report. All other compensation is primarily the Company s 401(k) match for the fiscal year
 2022. 

46 

Messrs. Thimot,
Smith, and Ms. Pham each are party to an Executive Retention Agreement to encourage the Executive
to continue to devote the Executive s full attention and dedication to the success of the Company, and to provide specification
compensation and benefits to the Executive in the event of a Termination Upon Change of Control or certain other terminations pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement. These agreements include payment of salary and other benefits for one year in addition to acceleration
and vesting of certain stock compensation plans. 

Pursuant to Mr.
Szoke s Executive Retention Agreement, he would earn additional compensation if certain performance targets were met. One of the
Mr. Szoke s performance target was met in 2021 and was paid an additional payment of approximately 206,000. 

Pursuant to Mr.
Stoller s Executive Retention Agreement, he would earn additional compensation if certain performance targets were met. The performance
target for Mr. Stoller was met in 2021 and was paid an additional payment of approximately 356,000. Additionally, Mr. Stoller received
a discretionary bonus of 37,500 for 2021. 

Other than the
401(k) retirement plan which allows employer match of 100 of up to 3 employee 401(k)payroll contribution and 50 of 4 -5 employee 401(k)
payroll contribution, the Company currently has no other retirement, pension, or profit-sharing plan covering its officers and directors.
The Company provides medical benefits on a cost sharing basis and has a dental plan which is fully paid by the employees cost. (See Executive
Agreements below.) 

Grant of Plan-Based Awards 

During the calendar year ended December 31, 2022, the following
grants were made to named executive officers: 

The Company granted Mr. Smith stock options to acquire a
total of 250,000 shares of common stock that vest over one year. 

The Company granted Ms. Pham stock options to acquire 350,000 shares of common stock of which half vest monthly over four years and
the balance is subject to certain performance vesting requirements. Ms. Pham was granted stock options to acquire an additional 60,000
shares of common stock that vest over one year. 

During the calendar year ended December 31, 2021, the following
grants were made to named executive officers: 

The Company granted Mr. Thimot and Mr. Smith stock options to acquire 1,200,000 and 600,000 shares of common stock respectively upon
their employment of which half of the options vest monthly over four years and the balance vest upon the achievement of certain market
capitalization thresholds or performance conditions. 

The Company granted Mr. Kumnick stock options to acquire 583,333 shares of common stock that vest upon the achievement of certain
market capitalization thresholds or performance conditions. In November 2021 Mr. Kumnick agreed to cancel 300,000 of these stock options
in consideration of removing certain service conditions. 

In May 2021, Mr. Stoller was granted 100,000 stock options which vest over three years. In connection with his retirement in June
2022, the vesting of the remaining unvested stock options of this grant were fully accelerated. 

There were no other grants
of plan-based awards or common stock options, to other named executive officers during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

47 

Outstandin g Equity Awards to Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth information with respect
to outstanding equity awards held by our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Awards 

Number of 
 Number of 
 Number of 

Securities 
 Securities 
 Securities 

Underlying 
 Underlying 
 Underlying 

Unexercised 
 Unexercised 
 Unexercised 
 Option 
 Option 

Options (#) 
 Options (#) 
 Unearned 
 Exercise 
 Expiration 

Exercisable 
 Unexercisable 
 Options (#) 
 Price ) 
 Date 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 
 Executive Officer 

Phillip Kumnick 
 100,000 
 - 
 - 
 1.65 
 12/10/29 
 
 Phillip Kumnick 
 1,111,111 
 - 
 - 
 2.39 
 5/22/25 
 
 Phillip Kumnick (1) 
 9,018 
 - 
 283,334 
 7.20 
 5/5/31 
 
 Phillip Kumnick 
 10,238 
 - 
 - 
 10.16 
 12/29/31 
 
 Phillip Kumnick 
 8,742 
 26,224 
 - 
 3.03 
 9/20/32 
 
 Thomas Thimot (1) 
 225,000 
 375,000 
 600,000 
 7.80 
 6/4/31 
 
 Cecil Smith III (1) 
 112,500 
 187,500 
 300,000 
 7.80 
 6/4/31 
 
 Cecil Smith III 
 - 
 150,000 
 - 
 2.83 
 3/18/32 
 
 Cecil Smith III 
 - 
 100,000 
 - 
 0.79 
 12/19/32 
 
 Thomas Szoke 
 333,333 
 - 
 - 
 13.50 
 9/25/25 
 
 Thomas Szoke 
 33,333 
 - 
 - 
 7.20 
 5/5/31 
 
 Stuart Stoller 
 166,667 
 - 
 - 
 3.00 
 1/31/27 
 
 Stuart Stoller 
 83,333 
 - 
 - 
 2.78 
 10/7/30 
 
 Stuart Stoller 
 100,000 
 - 
 - 
 7.20 
 5/5/31 
 
 Hang Thi Bich Pham (1) 
 21,875 
 153,125 
 175,000 
 2.41 
 6/20/32 
 
 Hang Thi Bich Pham 
 - 
 60,000 
 - 
 0.79 
 12/19/32 

(1) The performance conditions for the following stock options
for Phillip Kumnick s 283,334 shares, Thomas Thimot s 600,000 shares, Cecil Smith s 300,000 shares, and Hang Pham s
175,000 shares have not been met as of December 31, 2022. 

There were no outstanding
unvested stock awards for the named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. 

48 

Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table 

There have been no option exercises and restricted stock
vesting during the year ended December 31, 2022 by any named executive officers 

Compensation of Directors 

Cash 
 Compensation 
 Stock-based 
 Compensation 
 Total 

Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 

Philip Kumnick 
 2022 
 15,500 
 659,000 
 674,500 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Former CEO and President (1) 
 2021 
 - 
 558,000 
 558,000 

Philip Broenniman 
 2022 
 11,000 
 820,000 
 831,000 
 
 Board Member, Former President (1) 
 2021 
 - 
 595,000 
 595,000 

Michael Gorriz 
 2022 
 15,000 
 234,000 
 249,000 
 
 Board Member 
 2021 
 - 
 90,000 
 90,000 

Michael Koehneman 
 2022 
 16,000 
 234,000 
 250,000 
 
 Board Member 
 2021 
 - 
 90,000 
 90,000 

Neepa Patel 
 2022 
 16,000 
 129,000 
 145,000 
 
 Board Member 
 2021 
 - 
 11,250 
 11,250 

Sanjay Puri 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Board Member (2) 
 2021 
 - 
 90,000 
 90,000 

Joe Trelin 
 2022 
 14,000 
 113,000 
 127,000 
 
 Board Member 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Jacqueline White 
 2022 
 17,500 
 234,000 
 251,500 
 
 Board Member 
 2021 
 - 
 90,000 
 90,000 

In May 2021, the Board resolved to adopt a new compensation
policy for non-management directors, comprising the following: 

On appointment as a new director, each director shall receive
a grant of options having a Black Scholes value of 270,000, subject to three- year vesting, one-third earned after each Annual Meeting.
If the director does not serve for at least three years, then they will lose a proportionate part of the award. 

After each Annual Meeting, commencing with the first Annual Meeting at which a director is re-elected to the Board, each director
would receive a grant of options having a Black Scholes value of 90,000, subject to one year vesting (one twelfth earned each month).
If the director does not serve the full year, then they will lose a proportionate part of the award. 

49 

In May 2022, the Board approved that the Compensation Plan
be amended as follows: 

For attendance at each Board or Committee meeting of the Company, each director, who is not a committee chair, shall receive the sum
of 2,000. 

For attendance at each Board or Committee meeting of the Company, each director, who is a committee chair shall receive the sum of
 2,500. 

For attendance at each Board or Committee meeting of the Company, which lasts more than 2 hours, in lieu of the above sums, each director
shall receive the sum of 1,000 per hour duration of such meeting. 

When Board and Committee meetings are held on the same day, the meetings shall be treated as a single meeting for the purpose of determining
compensation. 

Payment shall be made quarterly in arrear in the month following completion of each fiscal quarter commencing July 2022 for the 2 nd 
quarter. 

(1) Mr. Philip Kumnick served as CEO and President and Mr. Phillip Broenniman served as President of the Company through the middle of
June 2021. The Company granted Mr. Kumnick stock options to acquire 583,333 shares of common stock that vest upon the achievement of certain
market capitalization thresholds or performance conditions. In November 2021 Mr. Kumnick agreed to cancel 300,000 of these stock options
in consideration of removing certain service conditions. The Company granted Mr. Broenniman stock options to acquire 583,333 shares of
common stock that vest upon the achievement of certain market capitalization thresholds or performance conditions. In November 2021 Mr.
Broenniman agreed to cancel 200,000 of these stock options in consideration of removing certain service conditions. 

On his appointment to the Board
of Directors Mr. Kumnick received a grant of an option to purchase 100,000 shares of common stock vesting in equal parts over three years,
or earlier in the event of a change of control of the Company (as defined in the option grant). In March 2020, the Company entered into
a restricted stock purchase agreement with Phillip Kumnick, providing Mr. Kumnick with the right to acquire 50,000 shares of common stock
at par value subject to the Vesting Criteria (as defined in the stock purchase agreement). On Philip Broenniman s appointment, the
Company entered into a restricted stock purchase agreement with him, providing Mr. Broenniman with the right to acquire 50,000 shares
of common stock at par value subject to the Vesting Criteria. The Vesting Criteria were met in 2021 and as a result the Company recorded
a restricted stock expense of 127,500 each for Mr. Phillip Kumnick and Mr. Philip Broenniman. 

Executive Employment Agreements 

Mr. Thomas Thimot and Mr. Cecil Smith, became employed by the Company
as Chief Executive Officer and President and Chief Technology Officer effective June 14, 2021. Mr. Thimot and the Company entered into
an Offer Letter pursuant to which Mr. Thimot will earn an annual salary of 325,000 with a bonus target at 50 of the base salary (pro-rated
for 2021) upon terms to be agreed with the Compensation Committee for 2021 and on the understanding that the 2022 target will include
a requirement of the Company achieving three times the annual revenue of 2021. Additionally, Mr. Thimot was granted an option to acquire
1,200,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 7.80 per share for a term of ten years of which half of the options vest monthly
over four years and the balance is subject to certain performance vesting requirements. Mr. Thimot
resigned upon the appointment of Mr. Daguro as Chief Executive Officer on March 23, 2023. 

On June 14, 2021,
Mr. Smith and the Company entered an into an Offer Letter pursuant to which Mr. Smith will earn an annual salary of 275,000 with a bonus
target at 50 of the base salary (pro-rated for 2021) upon terms to be agreed with the Compensation Committee for 2021. In addition, Mr.
Smith will receive a bonus of 50,000 after 90 days of service. Additionally. Mr. Smith was granted an option to acquire 600,000 shares
of common stock at an exercise price of 7.80 per share for a term of ten years of which half of the options vest monthly over four years
and the balance is subject to certain performance vesting requirements. On February 15, 2023, Mr.
Smith ceased to be an employee, and the President and Chief Technology Officer of the Company. 

In June 2021, Mr.
Kumnick and Broenniman resigned from their positions as Chief Executive Officer and President upon Mr. Thimot and Mr. Smith joining the
Company. The terms of their employment arrangement are below. 

50 

On May 22, 2020,
Phillip L. Kumnick, Deputy Chairman of the Company, was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Philip R. Broenniman, a director
of the Company, was appointed as Chief Operating Officer and President of the Company. Effective May 22, 2020, Mr. Kumnick and Mr. Broenniman
each entered into Offer Letters with the Company providing that each of the executives will devote their full time and attention to the
business of the Company on an at will basis. 

Pursuant to the Offer
Letter entered with Mr. Kumnick, Mr. Kumnick base salary since his engagement was 125,000 per annum and was increased to 187,500
per annum as of November 1, 2020. Subject to the Company achieving a revenue target of not less than 8,000,000 in a fiscal year
(the Revenue Target ), the base salary is to be increased to 250,000 per annum and to be again further reviewed by the
Compensation Committee based on prevailing market conditions. Further, upon achieving the Revenue Target or a portion thereof or in
the event of a change of control or involuntary termination, Mr. Kumnick will receive a bonus of up to 64,980 (which was
subsequently canceled). Mr. Kumnick is also eligible to receive the usual benefits available to the executives of the Company. 

Pursuant
to the Offer Letter entered with Mr. Broenniman, Mr. Broenniman base salary since his engagement was 87,500 per annum and was
increased to 131,250 per annum as of November 1, 2020. Subject to the Company achieving the Revenue Targets, the base salary is to
be increased to 175,000 per annum and to be again further reviewed by the Compensation Committee based on prevailing market
conditions. Further, upon achieving the Revenue Target or a portion thereof or in the event of a change of control or involuntary
termination, Mr. Broenniman will receive a bonus of up to 45,833 (which was subsequently canceled). Mr. Broenniman is also eligible
to receive the usual benefits available to the executives of the Company. 

In May 2020, Mr.
Kumnick was granted options to acquire 1,111,111 shares of common stock and Mr. Broenniman was granted options to acquire 555,555 shares
of common stock. 20 of the options were vested at grant and the balance vest subject to performance conditions. All performance conditions
were met in 2021. 

The Company entered an Executive Retention
Agreement with pursuant to which Stuart Stoller agreed to serve as Chief Financial Officer in consideration of an annual salary of 225,000.
The Company has agreed to provide two different bonus levels upon the achievement of certain performance, financial and other milestones.
The Company also granted Mr. Stoller a stock option to acquire 166,667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.10 per share
for a period of ten years. Further, Company has agreed to a Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement in which Mr. Stoller purchased an additional
166,667 shares at a per share price of 0.0001, which shares of common stock vest upon meeting certain performance, financial and other
milestones. The Stock Options vest with respect to (i) one third of common stock upon the anniversary of the grant date and (ii) in 24
equal installments commencing on the one year anniversary of the grant. In May 2021, Mr. Stoller was granted 100,000 stock options which
vest over three years. In connection with his retirement in June 2022, the vesting of the remaining unvested stock options of all grants
were approved by the Board to be fully accelerated. 

Ms. Pham was hired
as Chief Financial Officer on April 25, 2022 and commenced employment on June 20, 2022. Ms. Pham and the Company entered an Offer Letter
pursuant to which Ms. Pham received a signing bonus of 25,000 and will earn an annual salary of 275,000 with a bonus target at 40 of
the base salary (pro-rated for 2022). In addition, Ms. Pham was granted an option to acquire 350,000 shares of common stock at an exercise
price of 2.41 per share for a term of ten years of which half of the options vest monthly over four years and the balance is subject
to certain performance vesting requirements. The aggregate grant date fair value of Ms. Pham s stock options was 722,750. 

51 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth the number of shares known to be beneficially
owned by all persons who own at least 5 of authID s outstanding common stock, the Company s directors, the Company s
executive officers, and the directors and executive officers as a group as of March 24, 2023, unless otherwise noted. Unless otherwise
indicated, the stockholders listed in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated. 

Number of 
 Percentage of 

Shares of 
Common 
 Common 
Stock (1) 
 
 Name 
 Position 
 Stock 

Officers and Directors 

Rhoniel A. Daguro 
 Director, CEO 
 0 (2) 
 0.0 
 
 Thomas R. Szoke 
 Director 
 831,667 (3) 
 3.2 
 
 Michael C. Thompson 
 Director 
 299,000 (4) 
 1.1 
 
 Michael L. Koehneman 
 Director 
 87,215 (5) 
 0.3 
 
 Jacqueline L. White 
 Director 
 75,215 (6) 
 0.3 
 
 Hang Thi Bich (Annie) Pham 
 CFO 
 40,095 (7) 
 0.2 
 
 Ken Jisser 
 Director 
 32,998 (8) 
 0.1 
 
 Joseph Trelin 
 Director 
 1,800 (9) 
 0.0 
 
 Total Officers and Directors 
 
 1,367,991 
 5.3 

5 Stockholders 

Stephen J. Garchik 
 Stockholder 
 2,564,703 (10) 
 9.9 
 
 Andras Vago 
 Stockholder 
 1,578,942 (11) 
 6.2 
 
 Philip R. Broenniman 
 Stockholder 
 1,418,266 (12) 
 5.4 

Total 5 Stockholders 
 
 5,561,911 
 21.5 

Total Officers, Directors and 5 Stockholders 
 
 6,929,901 
 26.8 

(1) Applicable percentage ownership is based on, 25,319,095 shares
of common stock outstanding as of March 24, 2023. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock that are currently
exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person holding such securities for computing
the percentage of ownership of such person, but are not treated as outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

(2) 
 The Company has agreed to grant options to Mr. Daguro but no options have yet been granted. 

(3) Includes (i) 365,000 shares of common stock, (ii) 100,000
shares of common stock held by Mrs. Szoke, (iii) a stock option to acquire 333,333 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 13.50
per share, (iv) a stock option to acquire 33,334 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 7.20 per share, and (iv) a stock option
to acquire 100,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.33 per share which vest over a three-year period after each Annual
Meeting subject to continued service. 

(4) Includes (i) 299,000 shares of common stock, and (ii) a stock
option to acquire 100,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.33 per share which vest over a three-year period after each
Annual Meeting subject to continued service. 

(5) Includes (i) 11,772 shares of common stock, (ii) 228 shares
of common stock held by Mrs. Koehneman, (iii) a stock option to acquire 62,500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 7.80 per
share, which vest over a three-year period after each Annual Meeting subject to continued service, of which 41,667 are vested, (iv) a
stock option to acquire 10,238 shares of common stock at 15.16 per share, and (v) a stock option to acquire 34,966 shares of common
stock at 3.03 per share that vest on a monthly basis over 12 months from September 20, 2022 

52 

(6) Includes (i) a stock option to acquire 62,500 shares of common
stock at an exercise price of 7.80 per share, which vest over a three-year period after each Annual Meeting subject to continued service,
of which 41,667 are vested, (ii) a stock option to acquire 10,238 shares of common stock at 15.16 per share, and (iii) a stock option
to acquire 34,966 shares of common stock at 3.03 per share that vest on a monthly basis over 12 months from September 20, 2022. 

(7) Includes (i) a stock option to acquire 350,000 shares of
common stock at an exercise price of 2.41 per share vesting over a four-year period and subject to certain performance vesting criteria,
of which 40,095 shares will be vested as of May 23, 2023, and (ii) a stock option to acquire 60,000 shares of common stock at an exercise
price of 0.79 per share vesting December 31, 2023. 

(8) Includes (i) 5,970 shares of common stock, (ii) a Convertible
Note convertible into 27,028 shares of common stock, and (iii) a stock option to acquire 100,000 shares of common stock at an exercise
price of 0.33 per share which vest over a three-year period after each Annual Meeting subject to continued service. 

(9) Includes (i) 1,800 shares of common stock, and (ii) a stock
option to acquire 100,987 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 3.13 per share, which vest over a three-year period after each
Annual Meeting subject to continued service. 

(10) Includes (i) 1,980,420 shares of common stock held by Mr.
Garchik personally, (ii) 78,175 shares of common stock held by Marla Garchik, Mr. Garchik s wife, (iii) 166,667 shares of common
stock held by the Garchik 2019 Irrevocable Trust 2019 Trust of which Mr. Garchik is a trustee and beneficiary, (iv) 11,667
shares of common stock held by Garchik Universal Limited Partnership, which Mr. Garchik jointly controls with his sister, (v) 89,306
shares of common stock held by the Marla Garchik 2020 Irrevocable Trust (the 2020 Trust of which Mr. Garchik is a beneficiary,
(vi) a common stock purchase warrant to acquire 83,334 shares of common stock at 4.50 per share held by the 2019 Trust, and (vii) a
Convertible Note convertible into 270,271 shares of common stock. In accordance with Rule 13d-4 under the Exchange Act, Mr. Garchik disclaims
beneficial ownership of 115,137 shares of common stock, since the amount of shares of common stock into which his Warrants and Convertible
Notes are each exchangeable or convertible is limited pursuant to the terms of the SPA, to that amount which would result in Mr. Garchik
having beneficial ownership of shares of common stock not exceeding 9.99 of all of the outstanding shares. 

(11) Includes 106,667 shares held by Multipolaris Corporation,
832,275 shares held by Interpolaris Pte. Ltd. and 640,000 held by MP Informatikai Kft. Mr. Vago is an officer and principal of each of
these entities, and he may be deemed the beneficial owner or the shares held by such entities. 

(12) Includes (i) 175,603 shares of common stock, (ii) a stock
option to purchase 555,556 shares of common stock at a price of 2.10 per share, (iii) a stock option to purchase 383,334 shares of common
stock at a price of 7.20 per share which vest upon meeting performance criteria. The performance criteria have not been met as of March
24, 2023 (iv) common stock purchase warrants to acquire 11,667 shares of common stock at 4.95 per share and 8,750 shares of common stock
at 2.64 per share, (v) a Convertible Note convertible into 27,028 shares of common stock, and (vi) 369,391 shares of common stock and
a Convertible Note convertible into 270,271 shares of common stock held by Varana Capital Focused L.P. VCFLP ). Mr. Broenniman
is the Managing Partner of Varana Capital, LLC, which, in turn, is the investment manager of and has dispositive control over the shares
held by VCFLP. By virtue of these relationships, in addition to the shares he holds personally, Mr. Broenniman may be deemed to beneficially
own the shares held by VCFLP. 

See Item 5 for information pertaining to Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
and Director Independence 

Pursuant to Rule
4200 of The NASDAQ Stock Market one of the definitions of an independent director is a person other than an executive officer or employee
of a company. The Company s board of directors has reviewed the materiality of any relationship that each of the directors has with
the Company, either directly or indirectly. Based on this review the board has determined that there are four independent directors, including
all the members of the Audit Committee. 

Sale of Common Stock 

On
March 18 and March 21, 2022, the Company entered into Subscription Agreements (the Subscription Agreements with an
accredited investor and two directors and an executive officer of the Company, and, pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, those
directors and officer invested a total of approximately 0.2 million to purchase shares common stock. 

53 

On August 26, 2021,
the Company completed the Offering of 1,642,856 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of 7.00 per share, including 214,285
shares sold upon full exercise of the underwriter s option to purchase additional shares, for gross proceeds of approximately 11.5
million. Two executive officers and three members of the Board of Directors participated in the offering and purchased approximately 1,314,000
shares. 

Credit Facility 

On March 21, 2022
the Company entered into a Credit Facility with an accredited investor Mr. Stephen Garchik, who is both a current shareholder of the Company
and a Note Investor, pursuant to which the accredited investor agreed to provide a 10.0 million unsecured standby line of credit facility
that will rank behind the Convertible Notes and may be drawn down in several tranches, subject to certain conditions described in the
Credit Facility. Pursuant to the Credit Facility, the Company agreed to pay the Lender the Facility Commitment Fee of 100,000 shares of
our common stock upon the effective date of the Facility Agreement. Upon request by Mr. Garchik and until the full amount due under the
Credit Facility is repaid in full, the Company will provide for the nomination of one designee specified in writing by Garchik for appointment
to our board of directors and for subsequent election to our board of directors and to recommend such nominee for election to our board
of directors. On April 18, 2022, Joseph Trelin, as Garchik s designee under the Credit Facility, was appointed as a member of the
Board of Directors of the Company. By virtue of such right of nomination Mr. Garchik considers himself a director by deputization . 

As described in
the Subsequent Events, the Credit Facility was amended and restated effective March 6, 2023 pursuant to which amendment the amount of
the facility was reduced to 3.6 million, an initial advance of 900,000 was made and subsequent advances under the Credit Facility are
subject to various conditions including the granting of a security interest over substantially all the Company s assets. 

Convertible Notes Payable 

On March 21, 2022,
the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement SPA with certain accredited investors, including two directors,
an affiliate of a director and an executive officer of the Company (the Related Note Investors ), and, pursuant to the SPA,
sold to the Related Note Investors Senior Secured Convertible Notes Convertible Notes with an aggregate initial principal
amount of approximately 2.2 million and a conversion price of 3.70 per share. In connection with the issuance of the Convertible Notes
a total of 3,883 shares of common stock were issued by way of an origination fee. The Convertible Notes will accrue interest at the rate
of 9.75 per annum, which will be payable in cash or, for some or all of the first five interest payments, in shares of our common stock
at the Company s option, on the last day of each calendar quarter before the maturity date and on the maturity date. The maturity
date of the Convertible Notes is March 31, 2025. During the period ended December 31, 2022, in connection with the payment of interest
on the Convertible Notes, 20,761 shares were issued to the Related Note Investors (excluding the executive officer who had retired by
the first interest date). 

In 2021, the Company
received conversion notices from Stern Trust of which Theodore Stern, (a former member of the Board of Directors until June 9, 2021) is
the Trustee, converting the principal amount, repayment premium and interest in the amount of approximately 3.5 million payable under
the Restated Stern Note into approximately 561,000 shares of common stock. Additionally, Theodore Stern and Herbert Selzer (also a former
member of the Board of Directors until June 9, 2021) provided conversion notices for their respective 2020 Notes converting the principal,
repayment premium and interest in the amount of approximately 256,000 into approximately 41,000 shares of common stock. The Stern Trust
is owed approximately 0.7 million in interest under the Restated Stern Note, which has not been converted and remains outstanding as
of December 31, 2021 and repaid in full in December 2022. 

Director Executive Compensation 

On April 25, 2022, Stuart Stoller
indicated his intention to resign as Chief Financial Officer of the Company in connection with his planned retirement. The resignation
and retirement were effective as of June 17, 2022 at which time Annie Pham was appointed Chief Financial Officer in his place. 

On April 25, 2022, Ms. Hang
Thi Bich Pham and the Company entered an Offer Letter pursuant to which Ms. Pham agreed to serve as Chief Financial Officer on June 20,
2022. Ms. Pham will receive an annual salary of 275,000. The Company agreed to provide a bonus of 40 of the base salary (pro rated for
2022) based on achievement of performance milestones, calculated and payable in accordance with the corporate milestones approved by the
Board for the year 2022. For subsequent fiscal years the bonus shall be subject to performance targets to be mutually agreed with the
Compensation Committee of the Board. In addition, Ms. Pham received a signing bonus in the amount of 25,000, which is fully refundable
to the Company if Ms. Pham leaves her employment voluntarily or is terminated for cause prior to the first anniversary of the commencement
of employment. The employment of Ms. Pham is at will and may be terminated at any time, with or without formal cause. The Company also
entered an Executive Retention Agreement with Ms. Pham, pursuant to which the Company agreed to provide specified severance and bonus
amounts and to accelerate the vesting on her equity awards upon termination upon a change of control or an involuntary termination, as
each term is defined in the agreements. In the event of a termination upon a change of control or an involuntary termination, Ms.
Pham is entitled to receive an amount equal to 100 of her base salary and the target bonus then in effect for the executive officer for
the year in which such termination occurs. At the election of the executive officer, the Company will also continue to provide health
related employee insurance coverage for up to twelve months, at the Company s expense. Upon commencing employment, Ms. Pham was
granted an option to acquire 350,000 shares of common stock with an exercise price of 2.41 and an exercise period of ten years subject
to certain performance vesting requirements. In December 2022, Ms. Pham was granted an option to purchase 60,000 shares of common stock
at an exercise price of 0.79 per share for a term of ten years which will vest over one year period. 

54 

On June 14, 2021,
Phillip L. Kumnick resigned as Chief Executive Officer of authID, Inc., and Thomas L. Thimot was appointed Chief Executive Officer in
his place. Further, Philip R. Broenniman resigned as President and Chief Operating Officer and Cecil N. Smith III (Tripp) was appointed
President and Chief Technology Officer. In May 2021 the Company granted to each of Mr. Kumnick and Mr. Broenniman options (the May
2021 Options to acquire a total of 1,166,667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 7.20 per share for a term of ten
years that vest upon the achievement of certain market capitalization thresholds, or performance conditions. In November 2021 Mr. Kumnick
and Mr. Broenniman agreed to cancel 300,000 and 200,000, respectively, of these stock options in consideration of removing certain service
conditions. 

Mr. Thomas Thimot and Mr. Cecil Smith, became employed by the Company
as Chief Executive Officer and President and Chief Technology Officer effective June 14, 2021. Mr. Thimot and the Company entered into
an Offer Letter pursuant to which Mr. Thimot will earn an annual salary of 325,000 with a bonus target at 50 of the base salary (pro-rated
for 2021) upon terms to be agreed with the Compensation Committee for 2021 and on the understanding that the 2022 target will include
a requirement of the Company achieving three times the annual revenue of 2021. Additionally, Mr. Thimot was granted an option to acquire
1,200,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 7.80 per share for a term of ten years of which half of the options vest monthly
over four years and the balance is subject to certain performance vesting requirements. Mr. Thimot
resigned effective upon the appointment of Mr. Daguro as Chief Executive Officer on March 23, 2023. 

On June 14, 2021,
Mr. Smith and the Company entered an into an Offer Letter pursuant to which Mr. Smith will earn an annual salary of 275,000 with a bonus
target at 50 of the base salary (pro-rated for 2021) upon terms to be agreed with the Compensation Committee for 2021. In addition, Mr.
Smith will receive a bonus of 50,000 after 90 days of service. Additionally. Mr. Smith was granted an option to acquire 600,000 shares
of common stock at an exercise price of 7.80 per share for a term of ten years of which half of the options vest monthly over four years
and the balance is subject to certain performance vesting requirements. On February 15, 2023, Mr.
Smith ceased to be an employee, and the President and Chief Technology Officer of the Company. 

In April 2022,
the Company appointed Joe Trelin as an additional independent director. The Company granted Mr. Trelin options to acquire 100,897 shares
of common stock or a total of 270,000 at an exercise price of 3.13 per share for a term of ten years that vest one third per year after
each Annual Meeting. 

In September 2022
the Company granted additional options to acquire 34,996 shares of common stock each at an exercise price of 3.03 per share, to six of
the non-employee Directors, by way of annual compensation under the Company s compensation policy for non-employee directors, which
vest monthly over a one-year-period. 

In March 2023 Mr. Broenniman,
Mr. Gorriz, Mr. Kumnick. Ms. Patel and Mr. Thimot resigned as directors of the Company. Upon their resignation 50,615 of Mr. Broenniman's
options and 154,222 of Mr. Kumnick's options previously awarded to them for service as non-management directors were cancelled by agreement,
or lapsed in accordance with their terms. 41,230 and 39,846 options respectively previously granted to Mr. Gorriz and Ms. Patel lapsed
on their resignations, in accordance with their terms. Mr. Daguro, Mr. Jisser, Mr. Szoke and Mr. Thompson were appointed as additional
directors and the size of the Board was reduced to seven. The Company granted to each of Mr. Jisser, Mr. Szoke and Mr. Thompson options
to acquire 100,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.33 per share for a term of ten years that vest one third per year
after each Annual Meeting. 

On June 9, 2021
Theodore Stern, Herbert Selzer and Thomas Szoke resigned as directors of the Company. The size of the Board of directors was increased
to seven and Dr. Michael A. Gorriz, Michael L. Koehneman, Sanjay Puri, Mr. Thimot and Jacqueline L. White were appointed as additional
directors of the Company. 

The Company granted
each of the four new Directors appointed June 2021 stock options to acquire 62,500 shares of common stock or a total of 250,000 at an
exercise price of 7.80 per share for a term of ten years that vest one third per year after each Annual Meeting. The Company granted
the previously serving non-employee Directors stock options to acquire 93,470 common shares that are vested as the services were previously
rendered. The stock options were granted in lieu of other forms of Board of Director Compensation. The Company also granted Mr. Selzer
and Mr. Stern 22,388 stock options to acquire common shares for service in 2021 prior to their resignation as Directors. Upon their resignation
as directors in June 2021, 13,992 stock options were vested and the balance was cancelled. 

Additionally, the Company appointed
Neepa Patel as another independent Director in November 2021 and granted stock options to acquire 29,173 shares of common stock that vest
one third a year after each Annual Meeting beginning in 2022. Sanjay Puri, one of the directors appointed in June did not stand for reelection
to the Board of Directors in December 2021 and forfeited 41,667 stock options. In 2021, the Company and Progress Partners Inc. Progress modified their Business Advisory Agreement dated May 6, 2020 Progress Agreement ). The amended Progress Agreement provides
for Progress to undertake continuing business development activities for the Company, for which the Company paid Progress 350,000. Additionally,
the Company paid Progress, another 115,000 for additional consulting services. Mr. Puri, a former Director of the Company from June 9,
to December 29, 2021 is an employee and Managing Director of Progress but is not a principal shareholder nor an executive officer of Progress. 

55 

In December 2021, the Company
granted additional options to acquire 10,238 shares of common stock each to five of the non-employee Directors, by way of annual compensation
under the Company s compensation policy for non-employee directors, which vest monthly over a one-year-period. 

In 2021, the Company
and Progress Partners Inc. Progress modified their Business Advisory Agreement dated May 6, 2020 Progress Agreement ).
The amended Progress Agreement provides for Progress to undertake continuing business development activities for the Company, for which
the Company paid Progress 350,000. Additionally, the Company paid Progress, another 115,000 for additional consulting services. Mr.
Puri, a former Director of the Company from June 9, to December 29, 2021 is an employee and Managing Director of Progress but is not a
principal shareholder nor an executive officer of Progress. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees
and Services. 

The aggregate fees
incurred for each of the last two years for professional services rendered by Cherry Bekaert LLP, the independent registered public accounting
firm (PCAOB ID 00677 or the audit of the Company s annual financial statements included in the Company s Form 10-K and review
of financial statements for its quarterly reports (Form 10-Q) are reported below. 

The total fees
billed by Cherry Bekaert, LLP in 2022 aggregated 250,500 which includes fees for the audit of financial statements and review of the
quarterly financial statements for 2022. Additionally, the Company paid Cherry Bekaert, LLP 2,500 for services associated with the filing
of the Company s S-3. 

The total fees
billed by Cherry Bekaert, LLP in 2021 aggregated 248,900 which includes fees for the audit of financial statements and review of the
quarterly financial statements for 2021. Additionally, the Company paid Cherry Bekaert, LLP 41,400 for services associated with the filing
of the Company s S-1, S-3 and S-8. Furthermore, the Company paid Cherry Bekaert, LLP 10,000 for assistance with the filing for
certain tax credits. 

The Audit Committee
by its Charter pre-approves all audit services to be provided to the Company, whether provided by the principal auditor or other firms,
and all other services (review, attest and non-audit) to be provided to the Company by the independent auditor. The Audit Committee approved
the services rendered for the audit of the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 in addition
to the services rendered for the filing of the quarterly financial statements on Form 10-Q in 2022 and 2021. Additionally, the Audit Committee
approved the fee for Cherry Bekaert, LLP s assistance with filing for certain tax credits in 2021. 

Audit 
 Taxes 
 Filings 
 Accounting 
 s in 000 s Total 
 
 2022 
 248.0 
 - 
 2.5 
 - 
 250.5 
 
 2021 
 197.5 
 10.0 
 41.4 
 - 
 248.9 

The current policy
of the directors, acting via the Audit Committee, is to approve the appointment of the principal auditing firm and any permissible audit-related
services. The audit and audit related fees include fees for the annual audit of the financial statements and review of financial statements
included in 10K and Q filings. 

56 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits Financial Statements Schedules 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 (1) 
 Amended Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 3.2 
 (2) 
 Amended Restated Bylaws 
 
 3.3 
 (3) 
 Certificate of Amendment dated June 1, 2021 
 
 3.4 
 (19) 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation effective July 18, 2022 
 
 3.5 
 (20) 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation effective September 21, 2022 
 
 4.1 
 (3) 
 Form of Stock Option 
 
 4.2 
 (4) 
 Form of 8.0 Convertible Note 
 
 4.3 
 (5) 
 Form of 15.0 Convertible Note 
 
 4.4 
 (5) 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note issued to The Theodore Stern Revocable Trust 
 
 4.5 
 (6) 
 Paycheck Protection Program Term Note dated May 6, 2020 
 
 4.6 
 (7) 
 Paycheck Protection Program Term Note dated February 1, 2021 
 
 4.7 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities 
 
 10.1 
 (3) 
 Form of Director Agreement 
 
 10.2 
 (3) 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 
 10.5 
 (9) 
 2017 Incentive Stock Plan 
 
 10.7 
 (3) 
 Executive Retention Agreement entered between the Company and Thomas L. Thimot dated June 14, 2021 
 
 10.8 
 (3) 
 Executive Retention Agreement entered between the Company and Cecil N. Smith III dated June 14, 2021 
 
 10.9 
 (3) 
 Letter Agreement between the Company and Thomas L. Thimot dated June 14, 2021 
 
 10.10 
 (3) 
 Letter Agreement between the Company and Cecil N. Smith III dated June 14, 2021 
 
 10.11 
 (13) 
 Letter Agreement between the Company and Phillip L. Kumnick dated as November 5, 2021 
 
 10.12 
 (13) 
 Letter Agreement between the Company and Philip R. Broenniman dated as November 5, 2021 
 
 10.13 
 (14) 
 authID Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 10.14 
 (16) 
 Letter Agreement between authID Inc. and Thomas Szoke dated November 19, 2021 
 
 10.15 
 (15) 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement entered into between the Company and the Note Investors dated March 21, 2022. 
 
 10.16 
 (15) 
 Form of Senior Secured Convertible Note issued by the Company to the Note Investors dated March 21, 2022. 
 
 10.17 
 (15) 
 Security and Pledge Agreement entered into between the Company and Stephen J. Garchik as Collateral Agent dated March 21, 2022. 
 
 10.19 
 (15) 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement entered into between the Company and the Note Investors dated March 21, 2022. 
 
 10.20 
 (15) 
 Facility Agreement entered into between the Company and Stephen J. Garchik dated March 21, 2022. 
 
 10.21 
 (15) 
 Form of Subscription Agreement entered into between the Company and the PIPE Investors dated March 21, 2022. 
 
 10.22 
 (17) 
 Letter Agreement between Joseph Trelin and the Company dated April 18, 2022 
 
 10.23 
 (18) 
 Letter Agreement between Annie Pham and the Company dated April 25, 2022 
 
 10.24 
 (21) 
 Amended and Restated Facility Agreement between the Company and Stephen J. Garchik dated March 8, 2023. 
 
 10.25 
 (21) 
 Promissory Note between the Company and Stephen J. Garchik dated March 9, 2023. 
 
 10.26 
 (21) 
 Guaranty Agreement by FIN Holdings Inc., Innovation in Motion, Inc. and ID Solutions, Inc. in favor of Stephen J. Garchik dated March 9, 2023. 
 
 10.27 
 (21) 
 Release Agreement between the Company and Stephen J. Garchik dated March 9, 2023. 
 
 14.1 
 (10) 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 21.1 
 (10) 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

57 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
 herewith 

(1) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on March 23, 2021. 

(2) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on January 22, 2021. 

(3) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on June 15, 2021. 

(4) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on December 16, 2019. 

(5) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on February 18, 2020. 

(6) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on May 13, 2020. 

(7) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on May 6, 2021. 

(8) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on February 6, 2017. 

(9) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on May 4, 2018. 

(10) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 10-K Annual Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on July 12, 2017. 

(11) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on February 1, 2017. 

(12) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form S-1/A Amendment No. 1 to the S-1 Registration Statement filed with
 the Securities Exchange Commission on July 16, 2021. 

(13) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on November 8, 2021. 

(14) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form S-8 Registration Statement filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on February 1, 2022. 

(15) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on March 21, 2022. 

(16) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 10-K Annual Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on March 22, 2022. 

(17) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on April 19, 2022. 

(18) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on April 27, 2022. 

(19) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on July 19, 2022. 

(20) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on September 21, 2022. 

(21) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on March 10, 2023. 

58 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

authID Inc. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Rhoniel A. Daguro 

Name: 
 Rhoniel A. Daguro 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Hang Thi Bich Pham 

Name: 
 Hang Thi Bich Pham 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

In
accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on March 30, 2023 on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/Joseph
 Trelin 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Joseph Trelin 

/s/ Rhoniel A. Daguro 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Rhoniel A. Daguro 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/Ken Jisser 
 
 Director 
 
 Ken Jisser 

/s/ Michael
 Koehneman 
 
 Director 
 
 Michael Koehneman 

/s/ Hang Thi
 Bich Pham 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Hang Thi Bich Pham 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Thomas
 R. Szoke 
 
 Director 
 
 Thomas R. Szoke 

/s/ Jacqueline
 White 
 
 Director 
 
 Jacqueline White 

/s/ Michael
 Thompson 
 
 Director 
 
 Michael Thompson 

59 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

authID Inc. 

Denver, Colorado 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of authID Inc. (formerly known as Ipsidy Inc.) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and
the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years
then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company's Ability to
Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has recurring losses and negative cash flows from operations that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as
a going concern. Management s evaluations of the events and conditions and management s plans regarding those matters are
described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter Stock-based Compensation 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a
matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Description of Matter 

As described further in Note 9 to
the consolidated financial statements, the Company issued various types of equity awards, including stock options. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company recorded stock option related compensation expense of approximately 8,870,000. The Company estimated the
fair value of stock options granted using either the Black-Scholes option pricing model or the Monte Carlo option pricing model, depending
on vesting conditions. The option pricing models required the Company to make several assumptions. 

Auditing the Company s accounting
for stock options required auditor judgment due to the subjectivity of significant assumptions used in the option pricing models to estimate
the fair value of stock options granted. 

How We Addressed the Matter in
Our Audit 

Our principal audit procedures performed
to address this critical audit matter included the following: 

We assessed the accuracy and completeness of the awards during the year by reading the relevant Board
of Directors minutes and grant documents. 

We evaluated the appropriateness of the valuation method used for the stock option grants and whether
the method used for determining fair value was applied consistently with the valuation of similar grants in prior periods. 

We evaluated the work performed by management s specialist in valuing market condition stock option
using the Monte Carlo option pricing model. In addition, we used an auditor specialist to assess the reasonableness of management s
specialist s pricing model and to perform an independent calculation. 

We evaluated the significant assumptions used by management to calculate the fair value of stock options
granted. Such evaluation included independent calculation of the expected volatility based upon actual historical stock price movements
over the period equal to the expected option term and assessing the reasonableness of the expected option term based on historical stock
options exercised. 

We developed an independent estimate of the fair value for options granted during the year and compared
our estimate of fair value used by management. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2015. 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

authID INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Other current assets 

Current assets held for sale 

Total current assets 

Property and Equipment, net 
 -

Other Assets 

Intangible Assets, net 

Goodwill 

Non-current assets held for sale 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Convertible debt 
 -

Deferred revenue 

Current liabilities held for sale 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current Liabilities: 

Convertible debt 
 
 -

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 12) 

Stockholders Equity: 

Common stock, par value, and shares authorized; 
 and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated comprehensive income 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

authID INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues: 

Verified software license 

Legacy authentication services 

Total revenues, net 

Operating Expenses: 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment losses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from continuing operations 

Other (Expense) Income 

Interest expense, net 

Other (expense) income, net 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 -

Other (expense) income, net 

Loss from continuing operations before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Loss from continuing operations 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Loss from sale of a discontinued operation 
 
 -

Total loss from discontinued operations 

Net loss 

Net Loss Per Share - Basic and Diluted 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding - Basic and Diluted

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

authID INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net loss 

Foreign currency translation (loss) gain 

Comprehensive loss 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

authID INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Accumulated 

Additional 
 
 Other 

Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 Total 
 
 Balances, December 31, 2020 

Sale of common stock for cash 

- 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Settlement of accrued expense
 with stock options 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Convertible note converted
 to common stock 

- 
 - 

Stock option exercise for
 cash 

- 
 - 

Warrant exercise for cash 

- 
 - 

Cashless stock option exercise 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cashless warrant exercise 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Fractional shares 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Foreign
 currency translation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances, December 31, 2021 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Sale of common stock for cash,
 net of offering costs 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued with convertible
 debt 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for working
 capital facility 

- 
 - 

Shares issued in lieu of interest 

- 
 - 

Warrants for services with
 the issuance of convertible debt 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Cashless stock option exercise 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cashless warrant exercise 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrant exercise for cash 

- 
 - 

Convertible note converted
 to common stock 

- 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Foreign
 currency translation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances, December 31,
 2022 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

authID INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss with cash flows from operations: 

Loss from sale of discontinued operation 
 
 -

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Stock-based compensation 

(Gain) on extinguishment of notes payable 
 -

Shares issued in lieu of interest 
 
 -

Amortization of debt discounts and issuance costs 

Impairment losses 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Net investment in direct financing lease 
 -

Other current assets 

Inventory 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Other liabilities 
 -

Discontinued operations 

Net cash flows from operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from sale of discontinued operations, net of selling costs 
 
 -

Cash disposed of from the sale of a discontinued operation 
 
 -

Purchase of property and equipment 
 
 -

Purchase of property and equipment - discontinued operations 

Purchase of intangible assets 

Net cash flows from investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from sale of common stock, net of offering costs 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible note payable, net of issuance costs 
 
 -

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 -

Proceeds from paycheck protection program 
 -

Principal payments on Convertible notes 
 
 -

Cash paid for working capital facility 
 
 -

Payments on notes payable - discontinued operations 

Principal payments on capital lease obligation - discontinued operations 

Net cash flows from financing activities 

Effect of Foreign Currencies 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash, Beginning of the Year 

Cash, Beginning of the Year- Discontinued Operations 

Cash, End of the Year - Discontinued Operations 

Cash, End of the Year 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for interest - discontinued operations 
 -

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for income taxes - discontinued operations 

Schedule of Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Cashless option and warrant exercises 

Common stock issued with convertible notes 
 
 -

Common stock for working capital facility 
 
 -

Warrants for services with the issuance of convertible debt 
 
 -

Reclass from other assets to intangible assets 
 -

Settlement of accounts payable with issuance of common stock 
 -

Conversion of convertible note payable and accrued interest to common stock 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

authID INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

(formerly known as Ipsidy Inc.) 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

million. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company earned revenue of approximately
 , used approximately million to fund its operations, and incurred a net loss of approximately million. 

million which provides funding for its current operations as it continues to invest in its product, people,
and technology. The Company projects that the investments will lead to revenue expansion thereby reducing liquidity needs. However, in
order to further implement its business plan and satisfy its working capital requirements, the Company will need to raise additional capital.
There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to raise additional equity or debt financing at acceptable terms, if at all. 

million to million in connection with the Labor Reduction Plan, which are primarily one-time termination
benefits and which will result in cash expenditures by the Company in that range of amounts over the coming months. Certain employees
have Retention Agreements, which provide for specific benefits upon involuntary termination and the Company is negotiating with those
employees over the final amounts and benefits due under those Agreements. 

F- 8 

million unsecured standby line of credit facility that could be drawn down in
several tranches, subject to certain conditions described in the Original Facility Agreement. Pursuant to the Original Facility Agreement,
the Company paid Garchik the Facility Commitment Fee of shares of our common stock upon the effective date of the Original Facility
Agreement. 

to the Company. At the same time, as a condition to Garchik providing the Principal
Amount, certain of the Company s subsidiaries, ID Solutions, Inc., FIN Holdings, Inc. and Innovation in Motion, Inc. entered into
the Guaranty of the Initial Promissory Note with Garchik. 

secured note facility with a per
annum interest rate, paid in kind, capitalized and added to the balance of the loan on a quarterly basis, calculated on a 360-day year
basis, on the outstanding aggregate balance of the Subsequent Facility. The Subsequent Facility will mature twenty-four (24) months after
effectiveness. Garchik will be granted a fully perfected, non-avoidable, first-priority security interest and lien on all assets of the
Company. The Subsequent Facility would be the senior obligation of the Company and will rank senior in right to payment of the obligations
under the existing Convertible Notes and the liens granted in connection with the Subsequent Facility shall rank pari passu with
the liens granted to holders of the Convertible Notes. Pursuant to this, the Company will use reasonable best efforts to obtain the consent
of two-thirds of the holders of Convertible Notes. 

, computed on the basis of a 360-day year and twelve
30-day months, payable in arrears on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each year commencing March 31, 2023 or the first
business day following each such date if any such date falls on a day which is not a business day, in cash. The Principal Amount shall
mature on March 31, 2025. 

paid in kind, capitalized and added to the balance of the loan on a quarterly basis, calculated
on a 360-day year basis, on the outstanding aggregate balance. 

F- 9 

F- 10 

and 
as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively for certain revenue that will be earned in future periods. All deferred revenue contract
liabilities as of December 31, 2022 will be earned over the course of the year 2023. The majority of the deferred revenue contract liability
as of December 31, 2021, was recognized in the quarter ended March 31, 2022. 

. At various times during the year, the Company may have exceeded amounts
insured by the FDIC. At December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million in funds in the United States which were in excess
of the insured amounts by the FDIC. For the Company s foreign subsidiaries, no amounts are insured. At December 31, 2022, the Company
held approximately in cash maintained in British Bank. 

of the total revenues from continuing operations were derived
from two legacy customers. As of December 31, 2022, accounts receivable related to one legacy customer amounted to of the accounts
receivable. 

of consolidated
revenue. The US customer that accounted for of the consolidated revenue in 2021 did not use the service previously rendered after
April 1, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, accounts receivable related to one customer amounted to of the accounts receivable. 

F- 11 

million and million, respectively. 

million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company determined that
certain intangibles assets would not be recovered and an impairment expense of approximately million was recognized. 

F- 12 

and , respectively, in digital marketing expenses to promote our products. 

Warrants 

Stock options 

F- 13 

Unamortized working capital facility fees - current 
 
 -

Prepaid Third Party Services 

Other 

-

Other 

Furniture and Equipment 

Less: Accumulated Depreciation 

Property and Equipment, Net 
 
 -

and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Years 
 Years 
 Years 

Carrying Value at December 31, 2020 

Additions 
 -
 
 -

Impairment of assets 
 -

-

Amortization 

Carrying Value at December 31, 2021 
 
 -

Additions 
 -
 
 -

Impairment of assets 
 
 -
 
 -

Amortization 
 
 -

Carrying Value at December 31, 2022 
 
 -

F- 14 

-

Accumulated amortization 
 
 -

Carrying Value at December 31, 2022 
 
 -

-

Accumulated amortization 
 
 -

Carrying Value at December 31, 2021 
 
 -

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Accrued interest 
 -

Accrued payroll and related expenses 

Other 

F- 15 

million unsecured standby line of credit facility that will rank behind the Convertible Notes (see Note 7) and
may be drawn down in several tranches, subject to certain conditions described in the Facility Agreement (the Credit Facility ).
Pursuant to the Credit Facility, the Company agreed to pay a facility commitment fee of shares of our common stock upon the effective
date of the Credit Facility. 

of which is included in other current assets and the balance
in other assets. 

million, an
initial advance of was made and subsequent advances under the Credit Facility are subject to various conditions including the
granting of a security interest over substantially all the Company s assets. 

million and a conversion
price of . The Convertible Notes were sold with an aggregate cash origination fee of approximately , and we issued a total
of approximately shares of our common stock to the Note Investors as an additional origination fee. The Convertible Notes will
accrue interest at the rate of per annum, which will be payable in cash or, for some or all of the first five interest payments,
in shares of our common stock at the Company s option, on the last day of each calendar quarter before the maturity date and on
the maturity date. The maturity date of the Convertible Notes is . 

and accrued interest of into and shares
of our common stock, respectively. 

shares of common stock for approximately of interest related to the Convertible Notes. 

common stock warrants to the broker and its representatives with an estimated grant date
fair value of approximately which has been recorded as a reduction in the carrying value of the Convertible Notes. 

that earned interest at per annum. Theodore Stern, the former Trustee of the Stern Trust
was formerly a director of the Company. The Stern Note was paid in full prior to December 31, 2022. 

9.75 convertible notes due March 31, 2025 
 
 - 

less 

Unamortized debt discount expense 
 
 - 
 
 Unamortized debt issuance expense 
 
 - 

F- 16 

million of the Convertible Notes issued.
See Note 7. In connection with the payment of interest on the Convertible Notes, shares were issued to two Directors and an affiliate
of one of the Directors. 

million in the common stock offering during the year ended December 31, 2022. See Note 9. 

million unsecured standby line of credit facility
that will rank behind the Convertible Notes and may be drawn down in several tranches, subject to certain conditions described in the
Credit Facility. Pursuant to the Credit Facility, the Company agreed to pay the Lender the Facility Commitment Fee of shares of
our common stock upon the effective date of the Facility Agreement. Upon request by Mr. Garchik and until the full amount due under the
Credit Facility is repaid in full, the Company will provide for the nomination of one designee specified in writing by Garchik for appointment
to our board of directors and for subsequent election to our board of directors and to recommend such nominee for election to our board
of directors. On April 18, 2022, Joseph Trelin, as Garchik s designee under the Credit Facility, was appointed as a member of the
Board of Directors of the Company. By virtue of such right of nomination Mr. Garchik considers himself a director by deputization . 

million, an
initial advance of was made and subsequent advances under the Credit Facility are subject to various conditions including the
granting of a security interest over substantially all the Company s assets. 

stock options which were unvested as of June 17, 2022.
Additionally, the Board of Directors approved a consulting arrangement for Mr. Stoller to provide transitional services on an as needed
basis. 

. The Company agreed to provide a bonus of of the base salary (pro rated for 2022) based
on achievement of performance milestones, calculated and payable in accordance with the corporate milestones approved by the Board for
the year 2022. For subsequent fiscal years the bonus shall be subject to performance targets to be mutually agreed with the Compensation
Committee of the Board. In addition, Ms. Pham received a signing bonus in the amount of , which is fully refundable to the Company
if Ms. Pham leaves her employment voluntarily or is terminated for cause prior to the first anniversary of the commencement of employment.
Upon commencing employment, Ms. Pham was granted an option to acquire shares of common stock at an exercise price of and
an exercise period of ten years subject to certain performance vesting requirements. In December 2022, Ms. Pham was granted an option
to acquire shares of common stock at an exercise price of which will vest on December 31, 2023 with an exercise period of
ten years. 

F- 17 

shares
of common stock or a total of at an exercise price of per share for a term of that vest one third per year after
each Annual Meeting. 

shares of common stock each at an exercise price of per share, to each
of the non-employee Directors, by way of annual compensation under the Company s compensation policy for non-employee directors,
which vest monthly over a one-year-period. 

shares of its common stock at a public offering price of per share, including shares sold upon
full exercise of the underwriter s option to purchase additional shares, for gross proceeds of approximately million. Two
executive officers and three members of the Board of Directors participated in the offering and purchased approximately million of
common shares. 

Stern Trust
Note. 

into approximately shares of common
stock. 

shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share for a term of that vest upon the achievement
of certain market capitalization thresholds, or performance conditions. In November 2021 Mr. Kumnick and Mr. Broenniman agreed to cancel
 and , respectively, of these stock options in consideration of removing certain service conditions. 

with a bonus target at of the base salary (pro-rated
for 2021) upon terms to be agreed with the Compensation Committee for 2021 and on the understanding that the 2022 target will include
a requirement of the Company achieving three times the annual revenue of 2021. Additionally, Mr. Thimot was granted an option to acquire
 shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share for a term of ten years of which half of the options vest monthly
over four years and the balance is subject to certain performance vesting requirements. Mr. Thimot
resigned effective upon the appointment of Mr. Daguro as Chief Executive Officer on March 23, 2023. 

with a bonus target at 
of the base salary (pro-rated for 2021) upon terms to be agreed with the Compensation Committee for 2021. In addition, Mr. Smith will
receive a bonus of after 90 days of service. Additionally. Mr. Smith was granted an option to acquire shares of common
stock at an exercise price of per share for a term of of which half of the options vest monthly over four years and the
balance is subject to certain performance vesting requirements. On February 15, 2023, Mr. Smith
ceased to be an employee, and the President and Chief Technology Officer of the Company. 

F- 18 

equally on a monthly basis for twelve
months. 

shares of common stock or a total of at an exercise price
of per share for a term of that vest one third per year after each Annual Meeting. The Company granted the previously
serving Directors stock options to acquire common shares that were vested upon grant as the services were previously rendered.
The stock options were granted in lieu of other forms of Director Compensation. Upon their resignation as Directors
in June 2021, stock options were vested and the balance was cancelled. 

shares of common stock that vest one third a year after
each Annual Meeting beginning in 2022. One of the Directors appointed in June did not stand for reelection to the Board of Directors in
December 2021 and forfeited stock options. In December 2021, the Company granted additional options to acquire shares of
common stock each to five of the non-employee Directors by way of annual compensation under the Company s compensation policy for
non-employee directors and which vest monthly over a one-year-period. 

. Additionally, the Company paid Progress, another for additional consulting services. Mr. Puri, a former
Director of the Company from June 9, to December 29, 2021 is an employee and Managing Director of Progress but is not a principal shareholder
nor an executive officer of Progress. 

shares of common stock. The Company had and shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. In addition, the Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock but no shares of preferred
stock have been issued. 

shares
of our common stock at prices of per share for an outside investor and per share for the management investors (the PIPE ).
The aggregate gross proceeds from the PIPE are approximately million. 

shares of our common
stock to the Note Investors as an additional origination fee. 

million
unsecured standby letter of credit facility. Pursuant to the Credit Facility, the Company paid a facility commitment fee of shares
of our common stock with a fair market value of per share upon the effective date of the Credit Facility. 

and accrued interest of into and shares of our common stock, respectively. 

shares of common stock for approximately of interest related to the Convertible Notes. See Note 8 for details. 

shares of our common
stock. 

F- 19 

shares of its common stock at a public offering price of per share, including
 shares sold upon full exercise of the underwriter s option to purchase additional shares, for gross proceeds of approximately
 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses. 

million and a portion of their accrued interest at the option of the noteholders were converted into approximately shares of
common stock of the Company. 

shares
of common stock pursuant to cashless exercises of common stock purchase warrants and options, and approximately shares of common
stock pursuant to exercises of common stock purchase warrants and options for cash. 

common stock
warrants in connection with Subscription Agreements and Convertible Notes referenced above with a term of five years and exercise price
of per share. 

shares of common stock of the total shares issued in the Offering). The Representative s Warrants
are exercisable at a per share price of (equal to of the Offering price of the Company s common stock). The Representative s
Warrants are exercisable for a term of four and one half years beginning on February 23, 2022. 

Years 
 
 Granted 

Years 
 
 Exercised/Cancelled 

-

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Years 
 
 Granted 

Years 
 
 Exercised/Cancelled 

Years 
 
 Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Years 

F- 20 

shares of common stock or a total of at an exercise
price of per share for a term of that vest one third per year after each Annual Meeting. 

shares of common stock valued at to each to six of the non-employee Directors, by way of annual compensation under
the Company s compensation policy for non-employee directors, which vest monthly over a one-year-period. 

options to acquire common stock to employees. The options for the majority will vest annually over a one year period, options vest monthly over a four-year period, and performance-based and market-based options vest upon the achievement of certain market capitalization thresholds or performance conditions. 

and shares of common stock respectively upon their employment of which half of the options vest monthly
over four years and the balance vest upon the achievement of certain market capitalization thresholds or performance conditions. 

shares of common stock that vest upon the achievement of certain market capitalization thresholds or
performance conditions. In November 2021 Mr. Kumnick and Mr. Broenniman agreed to cancel and , respectively, of these
stock options in consideration of removing certain service conditions. 

common shares that are vested as the services were rendered. The stock options were granted in lieu of other
forms of Board of Director Compensation and was used to eliminate previously accrued Board of Director compensation. The Company also
granted to each of Mr. Selzer and Mr. Stern stock options to acquire common shares for service in 2021 prior to their resignation
as Directors. Upon their resignation as directors in June 2021, stock options to each of them were vested and the balance was cancelled. 

F- 21 

- 

Expected term 
 Years 
 - Years 
 
 Risk free rate 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dividend rate 

Granted 

- 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited/cancelled 

() 

- 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

- 

Exercised 

() 

- 

Forfeited/cancelled 

() 

- 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

- 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

- 

4.01 - 7.00 

7.01 - 10.00 

10.01 - 15.97 

million of unrecognized compensation costs related to employee stock options outstanding which will be recognized in 2023 through
2026. The company will recognize forfeitures as they occur. Stock compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021
was approximately million, and million, respectively. 

in 2021 for restricted stock expense in which the Company met certain performance thresholds. The criteria for certain performance-based
and market-based stock options awarded in 2022 have not been achieved as of December 31, 2022. 

F- 22 

Outside United States 

Loss before income taxes 

State taxes 
 - 

Other deferred adjustments 
 
 - 
 
 Change in tax rates 
 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 

Total income tax provision 

Stock options 

Federal tax credits 

Basis difference in intangible and fixed assets 

Accrued payroll 

Capital loss 
 
 -

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net 
 -
 
 -

million and state net operating loss carry forwards of million. Federal net operating
loss carryforwards of approximately million will expire through 2037 and the balance of million have an indefinite life. Additionally,
the Company has income tax net operating loss carryforwards related to our international operations which have an indefinite life. 

million and million against its deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities, due to insufficient positive
evidence, primarily consisting of losses within the taxing jurisdictions that have tax attributes and deferred tax assets. 

F- 23 

The following table summarizes the assets and liabilities of the Cards Plus sale and the consideration received: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment 

Total assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Total current liabilities 

Net assets sold 

Sale Consideration on disposition of net assets: 

Proceeds 

Legal fee 

Write off net payable with CP 

Net Consideration 

Net loss on sale of a discontinued operation 

F- 24 

Operating Expenses: 

Cost of sales 

General and administrative 

Impairment loss 
 
 -

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other Income (Expense): 

Other income 

Interest expense, net 

Other income, net 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Loss from sale of discontinued operations 
 
 -

Total loss from discontinued operations 

Operating Expenses: 

Cost of sales 

General and administrative 

Impairment loss 
 
 -

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Income (Loss) from operations 

Other Income (Expense): 

Other income (expense), net 

Interest expense, net 

Other income, net 

Income (Loss) before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 
 -

Income (Loss) from discontinued operations 

Loss from sale of discontinued operations 
 
 -

Total income (loss) from discontinued operations 

F- 25 

Operating Expenses: 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other Income: 

Other income, net 

Other income 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 
 -

Other current assets 

Current assets held for sale 

Noncurrent Assets: 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets 
 -

Other assets 
 -

Noncurrent assets held for sale 

Total assets held for sale 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 
 -

Notes payable obligation, current portion 
 -

Capital lease obligation, current portion 
 -

Total liabilities held for sale 

F- 26 

Accounts receivable, net 
 -

Inventory 
 -

Other current assets 
 -

Current assets held for sale 
 -

Noncurrent Assets: 

Property and equipment, net 
 -

Intangible assets 
 -

Noncurrent assets held for sale 
 -

Total assets held for sale 
 -

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 -

Deferred revenue 
 -

Notes payable obligation, current portion 
 -

Capital lease obligation, current portion 
 -

Total liabilities held for sale 
 -

Accounts receivable, net 

Other current assets 

Current assets held for sale 

Noncurrent Assets: 

Property and equipment, net 

Other assets 
 -

Noncurrent assets held for sale 

Total assets held for sale 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Total liabilities held for sale 

F- 27 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss with cash flows from operations: 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Impairment of intangible assets 
 
 -

Provision of Net Investment in direct financing lease 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Net investment in direct financing lease 
 -

Other current assets 

Inventory 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Adjustments relating to discontinued operations 

Net cash flows from discontinued operations 

to reflect net realizable value of the cards inventory. Any adjustments to reduce
the cost of inventories to their net realizable value are recognized in earnings in the current period. 

of contract
liability from payments received in advance that will be earned in future periods. Contract liability decreased to zero as the Company
completed the sale of Cards Plus business on August 29, 2022. 

, respectively associated with its intangible assets. 

per month in Bogota, Colombia. MultiPay terminated the lease as of September 30, 2022. 

through August 29, 2022 as
the Company completed the sale of Cards Plus business. 

F- 28 

Total operating lease assets 
 -

Liabilities 

Current portion of ROU liabilities - included in current liabilities held for sale 
 -

Total operating lease liabilities 
 -

in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The agreement is month to month and could be terminated on
30 days notice. The lease agreement was terminated in July 2022. The agreement was between the Company and Bridgeworks LLC, an entity
principally owned by Mr. Beck, our former CEO and Director and his family. 

per
month. 

and
 , respectively. Rent expense included in loss from discontinued operations on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately and , respectively. 

F-29 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-7_authidinc.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Exhibit
4.7 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 12 
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

As
of December 31, 2022, authID Inc. we, our, us or the Company had one class
of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): its common
stock with a par value of 0.0001 per share Common Stock ). 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 270,000,000 shares, all with a par value of 0.0001 per share, of which 250,000,000 shares are designated
as Common Stock and 20,000,000 shares are designated as preferred stock. The following descriptions of our capital stock and certain
provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws are summaries and are qualified by reference to the amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws 

Common
Stock 

Dividend
Rights 

Subject
to preferences that may be applicable to any then outstanding preferred stock, holders of our Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends,
if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors out of legally available funds. 

Voting
Rights 

Except
as required by law or matters relating solely to the terms of preferred stock, each outstanding share of Common Stock is entitled to
one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Holders of shares of our Common Stock shall have no cumulative voting rights.
Except in respect of matters relating to the election and removal of directors on our board of directors and as otherwise provided in
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or required by law, all matters to be voted on by our stockholders must be approved
by a majority of the shares present in person or by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter. In the case of election
of directors, the affirmative vote of a plurality of the shares present in person or by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on
the election of directors is required, and the nominees receiving the largest number of votes will be elected as directors. 

Liquidation 

In
the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our company, holders of our Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in
the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities and the
satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted to the holders of any then outstanding shares of preferred stock. 

Rights
and Preferences 

Holders
of our Common Stock have no preemptive, conversion, subscription or other rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions
applicable to our Common Stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of our Common Stock are subject to, and may be
adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of our preferred stock that we may designate in the future. 

Preferred
Stock 

No
shares of our preferred stock are outstanding. Pursuant to the certificate of incorporation, we are authorized to issue up to 20,000,000
shares of preferred stock. Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our board, without any further stockholder action or approval,
to issue these shares in one or more classes or series, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each class
or series and to fix the rights, preferences and privileges of the shares of each wholly unissued class or series and any of its qualifications,
limitations or restrictions. Our board may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely
affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our Common Stock. Additionally, the issuance of preferred stock may decrease
the market price of our Common Stock. We currently have no plans to issue any shares of preferred stock. 

Authorized
but Unissued Capital Stock 

We
have authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock and Common Stock, and our board of directors may authorize the issuance of one
or more series of preferred stock without stockholder approval. These shares could be used by our board of directors to make it more
difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us through a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification Matters 

Our
certificate of incorporation contains provisions that limit the liability of our directors for monetary damages to the fullest extent
permitted by Delaware law. Consequently, our directors will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for
any breach of fiduciary duties as directors, except liability for: 

any
 breach of the director s duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders; 

any
 act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation
 of law; 

unlawful
 payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions as provided in Section
 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law; or 

any
 transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. 

Our
certificate of incorporation bylaws provide that we are required to indemnify our directors and officers, in each case to the fullest
extent permitted by Delaware law. Our bylaws also will provide that we are obligated to advance expenses incurred by a director or officer
in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding, and permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director,
employee or other agent for any liability arising out of his or her actions in that capacity regardless of whether we would otherwise
be permitted to indemnify him or her under the provisions of Delaware law. We have entered and expect to continue to enter into agreements
to indemnify our directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by our board of directors. With specified exceptions,
these agreements provide for indemnification for related expenses including, among other things, attorneys fees, judgments, fines
and settlement amounts incurred by any of these individuals in any action or proceeding. We believe that these bylaw provisions and indemnification
agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. We also maintain directors and officers 
liability insurance. 

The
limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage stockholders from
bringing a lawsuit against our directors and officers for breach of their fiduciary duty. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative
litigation against our directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and other stockholders. Further,
a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent that we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against
directors and officers as required by these indemnification provisions. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions,
or otherwise, we have been advised that, in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public
policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and is, therefore, unenforceable. At present, there is no pending litigation
or proceeding involving any of our directors, officers or employees for which indemnification is sought, and we are not aware of any
threatened litigation that may result in claims for indemnification. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
stock transfer agent for our securities is Computershare N.A. 150 Royall Street, Canton, MA 02021, and its telephone number is 877-373-6374. 

Listing 

Our
Common Stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol AUID. Our Common Stock began trading on Nasdaq on
August 24, 2021. Our Common Stock was previously traded on the OTC Markets, OTCQB, under the symbol AUID. 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex23-1_authidinc.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (333-260641; No. 333-264469) and Form S-8 (333-261042; 333-262454), of the report dated March
30, 2023 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of authID Inc. (formerly known as Ipsidy Inc.) and Subsidiaries (the Company ),
relating to the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 (collectively
referred to as, Audit Report on the 2022 Form 10-K and inclusion therein of the Audit Report on the 2022 Form 10-K filed
March 30, 2023 with the Securities Exchange Commission. 

/s/ Cherry Bekaert LLP 

March 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_authidinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Rhoniel A. Daguro, Chief
Executive Officer, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of authID Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 (f)) for the registrant) and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this annual report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal annual period that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30,
 2023 
 /s/
 Rhoniel A. Daguro 

Rhoniel A. Daguro 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_authidinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Hang Thi Bich Pham, Chief Financial Officer, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of authID Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 (f)) for the registrant) and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this annual report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal annual period that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Hang Thi Bich Pham 

Hang Thi Bich Pham 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_authidinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report
of authID Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Rhoniel A. Daguro, Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 /s/
 Rhoniel A. Daguro 

Rhoniel A. Daguro 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_authidinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report
of authID Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Hang Thi Bich Pham, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 /s/ Hang Thi Bich Pham 

Hang Thi Bich Pham 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 auid-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 auid-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 auid-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 auid-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 auid-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

