<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_934612_0000934612-23-000005.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11048326</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>126761</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3670889</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3261708</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2003084</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1812920</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000934612-23-000005.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227080542
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000934612-23-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTA FE, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000934612
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RAILROADS, LINE-HAUL OPERATING [4011]
		IRS NUMBER:				271754839
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11535
		FILM NUMBER:		23670108

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2650 LOU MENK DR
		CITY:			FT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76131-2830
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8007952673

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2650 LOU MENK DRIVE
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76131-2830

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTA FE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951122

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTE FE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950913

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BNSF CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19941223

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000934612-23-000005.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 bni-20221231.htm
 10-K

bni-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ___________TO __________ 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 -2830 
 (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None None None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Limited Liability Company Membership Interest Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.; as a result, there is no market data with respect to registrant s membership interests. Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 100 of the membership interests of Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC outstanding as of February 27, 2023 is held by National Indemnity Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: None 
 REGISTRANT MEETS THE CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN GENERAL INSTRUCTION (I)(1)(a) AND (b) OF FORM 10-K AND IS THEREFORE FILING THIS FORM WITH THE REDUCED DISCLOSURE FORMAT. 

Table of Contents 
 Part I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 2 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 6 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 7 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 10 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 10 
 Part II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 11 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Narrative Analysis of Results of Operations 
 11 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 15 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 16 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 44 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 44 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 44 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 44 
 Part III 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 45 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 46 
 Signatures 
 S-1 

ii 

Table of Contents 

 Part I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation was incorporated in the State of Delaware on December 16, 1994. On February 12, 2010, Berkshire Hathaway Inc., a Delaware corporation (Berkshire), acquired 100 of the outstanding shares of Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation common stock that it did not already own. The acquisition was completed through the merger (Merger) of a Berkshire wholly-owned merger subsidiary and Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation with the surviving entity renamed Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC (Registrant or collectively with its subsidiaries, BNSF or Company). Further information about the Merger is incorporated by reference from Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The Registrant is a holding company that conducts no operating activities and owns no significant assets other than through its interests in its subsidiaries. Through its subsidiaries, the Registrant is engaged primarily in the freight rail transportation business. The rail operations of BNSF Railway Company (BNSF Railway), the Registrant s principal operating subsidiary, comprise one of the largest railroad systems in North America. As of December 31, 2022, BNSF Railway had approximately 36,250 employees of which approximately 31,000 are members of a labor union. 
 
 BNSF s internet address is www.bnsf.com. Through this internet website (under the About BNSF/Financial Information link), the Registrant makes available, free of charge, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as all amendments to these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after these reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). BNSF makes available on its website other previously filed SEC reports, registration statements and exhibits via a link to the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. BNSF s Code of Conduct for officers and salaried employees, along with other information about its business, is also made available on the Company s website. The Registrant intends to disclose any amendments to the Code of Conduct or any waiver from a provision of the Code of Conduct on its website. 
 
 Further discussion of the Company s business, including equipment and its business units, is incorporated by reference from Item 2, Properties . 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The information set forth in Item 1A should be read in conjunction with the rest of the information in this report, including Item 7, "Management s Narrative Analysis of Results of Operations", and Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data". 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks. 
 
 The Company s success depends on its ability to continue to comply with the significant federal, state, and local governmental regulations to which it is subject. 
 The Company is subject to a significant amount of governmental laws and regulations with respect to its rates and practices, taxes, railroad operations, and a variety of health, safety, labor, environmental, and other matters. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Company. Governments may change the legislative and/or regulatory framework within which the Company operates without providing the Company with any recourse for any adverse effects that the change may have on its business. Complying with legislative and regulatory changes may pose significant operating and implementation risks and require significant capital expenditures. 
 
 Changes in government policy could negatively impact demand for the Company s services, impair its ability to price its services, or increase its costs or liability exposure. 
 Changes in United States and foreign government policies could change the economic environment and affect demand for the Company s services. For example, changes in clean air laws, regulation of greenhouse gas emissions, permitting, or other regulatory requirements could reduce the demand for coal and other fossil fuels, or other products and revenues from the transportation services provided by BNSF Railway. Also, changes in environmental laws and other laws and regulations could reduce the demand for drilling products and products produced by drilling. United States and foreign government tariffs or subsidies could affect the demand for products the Company hauls. Developments and changes in laws and regulations as well as increased economic regulation of the rail industry through legislative action and revised rules and standards applied by the U.S. Surface Transportation Board (STB) in various areas, including rates, services, and access to facilities could adversely impact the Company s ability to determine prices for rail services and significantly affect the revenues, costs, and profitability of the Company s business. Additionally, because of the significant costs to maintain its rail network, a reduction in profitability could hinder BNSF Railway s ability to maintain, improve, or expand its rail network, facilities and equipment. Federal or state spending on infrastructure improvements or incentives that favor other modes of transportation could also adversely affect the Company s revenues. Changes in tax rates, enactment of new tax laws and amendments to existing tax regulations could have a material adverse impact on the Company s operating results, financial condition, or liquidity. 
 
 The Company is subject to stringent environmental laws and regulations, which may impose significant costs on its business operations. 
 The Company s operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other things, emissions to the air; discharges to the ground or waters; the generation, handling, storage, transportation, and disposal of waste and hazardous materials; and the cleanup of hazardous material or petroleum releases. Many land holdings are and have been used for industrial or transportation-related purposes or leased to commercial or industrial companies whose activities may have resulted in discharges onto the property. Environmental liability can extend to previously owned or operated properties, leased properties, and properties owned by third parties, as well as to properties currently owned and used by the Company. Environmental liabilities have arisen and may continue to arise from claims asserted by adjacent landowners, other third parties in toxic tort litigation, or as a result of alleged damages to natural resources or environmental incidents. The Company has been and may continue to be subject to allegations or findings to the effect that it has violated, or is strictly liable under, these laws or regulations. The Company s operating results, financial condition or liquidity could be adversely affected as a result of any of the foregoing, and it may be required to incur significant expenses to investigate and remediate environmental contamination. The Company may also incur fines, penalties and other sanctions to resolve any alleged violations of environmental law. In addition, delays, litigation, local concerns, special interest opposition, and difficulty in obtaining approvals for projects requiring federal, state, or local equivalent permitting could inhibit the Company s ability to build strategic facilities and rail infrastructure, which could adversely impact growth and operational efficiency. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Climate change, market or regulatory responses to climate change, and other emissions-related laws and regulations could adversely affect the Company s operations and financial results. 
 Climate change and other emissions-related laws and regulations have been proposed, and in some cases adopted, on the federal, state, provincial, and local levels. These final and proposed laws and regulations take the form of restrictions, caps, taxes, or other controls on emissions. Changes in clean air laws, regulation of greenhouse gas emissions, and permitting or other regulatory requirements could reduce the demand for coal or other commodities we carry and, thereby, affect revenues from the transportation services provided by BNSF Railway. Emission regulations, including additional federal, state, or local carbon pricing, could also affect fuel efficiency and increase operating costs. Significant cost increases, government regulation, or changes in consumer preferences for goods and services relating to alternative sources of energy or emission reductions could materially affect the markets for the commodities we carry, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Finally, changes to or limits on greenhouse gas emissions and other criteria air pollutants could also result in significant capital expenditures to comply with these regulations. 
 
 The Company is subject to various claims and lawsuits, and increases in the amount or severity of these claims and lawsuits could adversely affect the Company s operating results, financial condition, or liquidity. 
 As part of its railroad operations, the Company is exposed to various claims and litigation related to commercial disputes, personal injury, property damage, environmental liability, and other matters. Personal injury claims by BNSF Railway employees are subject to the Federal Employers Liability Act (FELA) rather than state workers compensation laws. The Company believes that the FELA system, which includes unscheduled awards and a reliance on the jury system, can contribute to increased expenses. Other proceedings include claims by third parties for punitive as well as compensatory damages and, from time to time, may include proceedings that have been certified as or purport to be class actions. Developments in legislative and judicial standards, material changes to litigation trends, or a catastrophic rail accident or series of accidents involving any or all of property damage, personal injury, and environmental liability could have a material adverse effect on the Company s operating results, financial condition, or liquidity. 
 
 Operational Risks. 
 
 Fuel supply availability, fuel prices and dependency on certain key railroad equipment and material suppliers may adversely affect the Company s results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. 
 Fuel supply availability could be impacted as a result of limitations in refining capacity, disruptions to the supply chain, rising global demand and international political and economic factors. A significant reduction in fuel availability could impact BNSF Railway s ability to provide transportation services at current levels, increase fuel costs, and impact the economy. Each of these factors could have an adverse effect on the Company s operating results, financial condition, or liquidity. If the price of fuel increases substantially, the Company expects to be able to recover a significant portion of these higher fuel costs. However, to the extent that the Company is unable to recover these costs, increases in fuel prices could have an adverse effect on the Company s operating results, financial condition, or liquidity. Due to the capital intensive nature and sophistication of certain railroad equipment and material, prospective new suppliers are subject to high barriers of entry. If railroad equipment and material suppliers experience a supply or capacity shortage or discontinue operations, or if they are unable to meet regulatory specifications, the Company could experience significant cost increases as well as limited supply of railroad equipment and material necessary for the Company s operations. 
 
 As part of its railroad operations, the Company frequently transports chemicals and other hazardous materials, which could expose it to the risk of significant claims, losses, and penalties and operating restrictions. 
 BNSF Railway frequently transports chemicals and other hazardous materials and is required to transport these commodities to the extent of its common carrier obligation. A release of toxic inhalation hazard chemicals or other hazardous commodities could result in significant personal injury or loss of life and extensive property damage as well as environmental remediation and restoration obligations and penalties. The associated costs could have an adverse effect on the Company s operating results, financial condition, or liquidity, as the Company is not insured above a certain threshold. Further, the rates BNSF Railway receives for transporting these commodities do not adequately compensate it should there be some type of accident. In addition, insurance premiums charged for some or all of the coverage currently maintained by the Company could increase dramatically or certain coverage may not be available to the Company in the future if there is a catastrophic event related to rail transportation of these commodities. Regulatory imposition of routing or speed or other restrictions on the transportation of such products could adversely affect train velocity and network fluidity and adversely affect the Company s results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Severe weather and natural disasters could disrupt normal business operations, the potential effects of which could result in increased costs and liabilities and decreases in revenues. 
 The Company s success is dependent on its ability to operate its railroad system efficiently. Severe weather, climate change, and natural disasters, such as tornados, fires, flooding, and earthquakes, could cause significant business interruptions and result in increased costs and liabilities and decreased revenues. In addition, damages to or loss of use of significant aspects of the Company s infrastructure due to natural or man-made disruptions could have an adverse effect on the Company s operating results, financial condition, or liquidity for an extended period of time until repairs or replacements could be made. Additionally, during natural disasters, the Company s workforce may be unavailable, which could result in further delays. Extreme swings in weather could also negatively affect the performance of locomotives and rolling stock. 
 
 The Company depends on the stability and availability of its technology systems. 
 The Company relies on technology in all aspects of its business. A significant disruption or failure of its technology systems could result in service interruptions, safety failures, security events, regulatory compliance failures, the inability to protect employee or corporate information or assets against unauthorized access or use, or other operational difficulties. Although the Company has taken steps to mitigate these risks, including business continuity planning, disaster recovery planning, systems testing, protection and monitoring, and business impact analysis, a significant disruption or cyber intrusion could adversely affect the Company s results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. Additionally, if the Company is unable to acquire, develop, implement, adopt, or protect rights around new technology, it may suffer a competitive disadvantage, which could also have an adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. 
 
 The Company s operational dependencies may adversely affect results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. 
 Due to the integrated nature of the United States freight transportation infrastructure, the Company s operations may be negatively affected by service disruptions of other entities, such as ports, passenger trains, and other railroads, which interchange with BNSF Railway. A significant, prolonged service disruption of one or more of these entities could have an adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. 
 
 Significant unexpected increases in demand for the Company s services may adversely affect service levels and operational efficiency. 
 If increases in demand for the Company s services significantly exceed expectations, including in a particular geographical region, the Company may experience network difficulties including congestion or reduced velocity, negatively impacting the level of service provided. Although investments to add capacity continue to be made to meet future anticipated demand, delays in or inability to complete permitting may delay or preclude implementation of these capacity improvements. This may impact operational efficiency and could adversely affect the Company s results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. 
 
 Industry and Economic Risks. 
 
 Downturns in the economy could adversely affect demand for the Company s services. 
 Significant, extended negative changes in domestic and global economic conditions, including significant inflation, that impact the producers and consumers of the commodities transported by the Company may have an adverse effect on the Company s operating results, financial condition, or liquidity. Declines in or muted manufacturing activity, economic growth, and international trade all could result in reduced revenues in one or more business units. 
 
 The Company faces intense competition from rail carriers and other transportation providers, and its failure to compete effectively could adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 
 The Company operates in a highly competitive business environment. Depending on the specific market, the Company faces intermodal, intramodal, product, and geographic competition. Competition from other railroads and motor carriers, as well as barges, ships, and pipelines in certain markets, may be reflected in pricing, market share, level of services, reliability, and other factors. For example, the Company believes that high service truck lines, due to their ability to deliver non-bulk products on an expedited basis, may have an adverse effect on the Company s ability to compete for deliveries of non-bulk, time-sensitive freight. While the Company must build or acquire, maintain, and privately fund its rail system, trucks and barges are able to use public rights-of-way maintained and funded by public entities. Any material increase in the capacity and quality or decrease in the cost of these alternative methods or the passage of legislation granting greater latitude to motor carriers with respect to size and weight restrictions or driver requirements could have an adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. In addition, a failure to provide the level of service required by the Company s customers could result in loss of business to competitors. Changes in the ports used by ocean carriers or the use of all-water routes from the Pacific Rim to the East Coast or other changes in the supply chain or trade policy could also have an adverse effect on the Company s volumes and revenues. Further, low natural gas or oil prices could impact future energy-related commodities demand. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Negative changes in general economic conditions could lead to disruptions in the credit markets, increase credit risks and could adversely affect the Company s financial condition or liquidity. 
 Challenging economic conditions may not only affect revenues due to reduced demand for many goods and commodities, but could result in payment delays, increased credit risk and possible bankruptcies of customers. The Company s business is capital-intensive and the Company may finance a portion of the building and maintenance of infrastructure as well as the acquisition of locomotives and other rail equipment. Economic slowdowns and related credit market disruptions may adversely affect the Company s cost structure, its timely access to capital to meet financing needs, and costs of its financings. The Company could also face increased counterparty risk to its cash investments. Adverse economic conditions could also affect the Company s costs for insurance or its ability to acquire and maintain adequate insurance coverage for risks associated with the railroad business if insurance companies experience credit downgrades or bankruptcies. Declines in the securities and credit markets could also affect the Company s pension fund and railroad retirement tax rates, which in turn could increase funding requirements. 
 
 Human Capital Risks. 
 
 Most of the Company s employees are represented by unions, and failure to resolve disputes or negotiate reasonable collective bargaining agreements may result in strikes, work stoppages, or substantially higher ongoing labor costs. 
 A significant majority of BNSF Railway s employees are union-represented. BNSF Railway s union employees work under collective bargaining agreements with various labor organizations. Wages, health and welfare benefits, work rules, and other issues have traditionally been addressed through industry-wide negotiations. These negotiations have generally taken place over an extended period of time and have previously not resulted in any extended work stoppages. For ongoing negotiations, the existing agreements have remained in effect and will continue to remain in effect until new agreements are reached or the Railway Labor Act s procedures (which include mediation, cooling-off periods, and the possibility of presidential or congressional intervention) are exhausted. While the negotiations have not yet resulted in any extended work stoppages, if BNSF Railway is unable to negotiate acceptable new agreements or a significant dispute arises that is unable to be resolved through the procedures provided in the Railway Labor Act, it could result in strikes by the affected workers, loss of business, disruption of operations, and increased operating costs as a result of higher wages or benefits paid to union members, any of which could have an adverse effect on the Company s operating results, financial condition, or liquidity. 
 
 The unavailability of qualified personnel could adversely affect the Company s operations. 
 Changes in demographics, training requirements, and the unavailability of qualified personnel, particularly among union employees, could negatively impact BNSF Railway s ability to meet demand for rail service. Recruiting and retaining qualified personnel, particularly those with expertise in the railroad industry, are vital to operations. Although the Company believes that it has adequate personnel for the current business environment, unpredictable increases in demand for rail services may exacerbate the risk of not having sufficient numbers of trained personnel, which could have a negative impact on operational efficiency and otherwise have an adverse effect on the Company s operating results, financial condition, or liquidity. 
 
 General Risk Factors. 
 
 Acts of terrorism or war, as well as the threat of terrorism or war, may cause significant disruptions in the Company s business operations. 
 Terrorist attacks and any government response to those types of attacks and war or risk of war may adversely affect the Company s results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. BNSF Railway s rail lines and facilities could be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act or acts of terror, which could cause significant business interruption and result in increased costs and liabilities and decreased revenues and have an adverse effect on operating results and financial condition. Such effects could be magnified if releases of hazardous materials are involved. Any act of terror, retaliatory strike, sustained military campaign, or war or risk of war may have an adverse impact on the Company s operating results and financial condition by causing unpredictable operating or financial conditions, including disruptions of BNSF Railway or connecting rail lines, loss of critical customers or partners, volatility of or a sustained increase of fuel prices, fuel shortages, general economic decline, and instability or weakness of financial markets. In addition, insurance premiums charged for some or all of the coverage currently maintained by the Company could increase dramatically, the coverage available may not adequately compensate it for certain types of incidents and certain coverages may not be available to the Company in the future. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 The Company faces risks related to epidemics, pandemics, and other similar outbreaks, which may adversely affect its business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 The Company faces risks related to epidemics, pandemics, and other similar outbreaks, including future widespread outbreaks of the COVID-19 coronavirus, which has impacted geographic areas in which the Company has operations, suppliers, customers, and employees. The full extent to which epidemics, pandemics, and other similar outbreaks may impact the Company s business, operating results, financial condition, or liquidity will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the future outbreaks, travel restrictions, business and workforce disruptions, and the effectiveness and impacts of actions taken to contain and treat the outbreak. Any one or more of these consequences or other unpredictable events could materially adversely affect the Company s operating results, financial condition, or liquidity. Further, epidemics, pandemics, and other similar outbreaks could also precipitate or heighten the other risks discussed in this Item 1A. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Properties 
 
 Track Configuration 
 BNSF Railway operates one of the largest railroad networks in North America. BNSF Railway operates over 32,500 route miles of track (excluding multiple main tracks, yard tracks, and sidings) in 28 states and also operates in three Canadian provinces. BNSF Railway owns over 23,000 route miles, including easements, and operates on over 9,000 route miles of trackage rights that permit BNSF Railway to operate its trains with its crews over other railroads tracks. As of December 31, 2022, the total BNSF Railway system (including single and multiple main tracks, yard tracks, and sidings) consisted of over 50,000 operated miles of track. 
 
 Property and Facilities 
 BNSF Railway operates various facilities and equipment to support its transportation system, including its infrastructure and locomotives and freight cars. It also owns or leases other equipment to support rail operations, such as vehicles. Support facilities for rail operations include yards and terminals throughout its rail network, system locomotive shops to perform locomotive servicing and maintenance, a centralized network operations center for train dispatching and network operations monitoring and management, computers, telecommunications equipment, signal systems, and other support systems. Transfer facilities are maintained for rail-to-rail as well as intermodal transfer of containers, trailers, and other freight traffic. These facilities include approximately 25 intermodal hubs located across the system. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, BNSF Railway owned or held under non-cancelable leases exceeding one year approximately 7,500 locomotives and 68,000 f reight cars, in addition to maintenance of way and other equipment. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, BNSF incurs significant costs in repairing and maintaining its properties. In 2022, BNSF recorded approximately 2 billion in repairs and maintenance expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Business Mix 
 In serving the Midwest, Pacific Northwest, Western, Southwestern, and Southeastern regions and ports of the country, BNSF transports, through one operating transportation services segment, a range of products and commodities derived from the manufacturing, agricultural, and natural resource industries. Freight revenues of the Company are covered by contractual agreements of varying durations or common carrier published prices or quotations offered by the Company. BNSF s financial performance is influenced by, among other things, general and industry economic conditions at the international, national, and regional levels. The following map illustrates the Company s primary routes, including trackage rights, which allow BNSF to access major cities and western and southern ports in the United States as well as Canadian and Mexican traffic. In addition to major cities and ports, BNSF efficiently serves many smaller markets by working closely with approximately 200 shortline railroads. BNSF has also entered into marketing agreements with other rail carriers, expanding the marketin g reach for each railroad and our collective customers. 

Consumer Products: 
 The Consumer Products freight business provided 38 percent of freight revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, and consisted of the following business units: Domestic Intermodal (including Truckload/Intermodal Marketing Companies and Expedited Truckload/Less-than-Truckload/Parcel), International Intermodal, and Automotive. 
 
 Industrial Products: 
 The Industrial Products freight business provided 23 percent of freight revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, and consisted of the following five business units: Construction Products, Petroleum Products, Building Products, Chemicals and Plastics Products, and Food and Beverages. 
 
 Agricultural Products: 
 The transportation of Agricultural Products provided 23 percent of freight revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. These products include corn, wheat, ethanol, soybeans, bulk foods, fertilizer, oil seeds and meals, feeds, oils, flour and mill products, specialty grains, milo, barley, oats and rye, and malt. 
 
 Coal: 
 The transportation of coal contributed 16 percent of freight revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, with more than 90 percent of all of BNSF s coal tons originating from the Powder River Basin of Wyoming and Montana. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Government Regulation and Legislation 
 BNSF Railway s rail operations are subject to the regulatory jurisdiction of the STB, the Federal Railroad Administration of the United States Department of Transportation (DOT), the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), as well as other federal and state regulatory agencies and Canadian regulatory agencies for operations in Canada. The STB has jurisdiction over disputes and complaints involving certain rates, routes and services, the sale or abandonment of rail lines, applications for line extensions and construction, and consolidation or merger with, or acquisition of control of, rail common carriers. The outcome of STB proceedings can affect the profitability of BNSF s business. 
 
 DOT, OSHA, and EPA have jurisdiction under several federal statutes over a number of safety, health, and environmental aspects of rail operations, including the transportation of hazardous materials. State agencies regulate some health, safety, and environmental aspects of rail operations in areas not otherwise preempted by federal law. 
 
 Further discussion is incorporated by reference from Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Competition 
 The business environment in which BNSF Railway operates is highly competitive. Depending on the specific market, deregulated motor carriers and other railroads, as well as river barges, ships and pipelines in certain markets, may exert pressure on price and service levels. The presence of advanced, high service truck lines with expedited delivery, subsidized infrastructure, and minimal empty mileage continues to affect the market for non-bulk, time-sensitive freight. The potential expansion of longer combination vehicles could further encroach upon markets traditionally served by railroads. In order to remain competitive, BNSF Railway and other railroads continue to seek to develop technology and other operating efficiencies to improve productivity. 
 
 As railroads streamline, rationalize, and otherwise enhance their franchises, competition among rail carriers intensifies. BNSF Railway s primary rail competitor in the western region of the United States is the Union Pacific Railroad Company. Other Class I railroads and numerous regional railroads and motor carriers also operate in parts of the same territories served by BNSF Railway. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Beginning May 14, 2007, some 30 similar class action complaints were filed in six federal district courts around the country by rail shippers against BNSF Railway and other Class I railroads alleging that they have conspired to fix fuel surcharges with respect to unregulated freight transportation services in violation of the antitrust laws. The complaints seek injunctive relief and unspecified treble damages. These cases were consolidated and are currently pending in the federal District Court for the District of Columbia for coordinated or consolidated pretrial proceedings. (In re: Rail Freight Fuel Surcharge Antitrust Litigation, MDL No. 1869). Consolidated amended class action complaints were filed against BNSF Railway and three other Class I railroads in April 2008. On June 21, 2012, the District Court certified the class sought by the plaintiffs. BNSF Railway and the other three Class I railroads appealed the class certification decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals. On August 9, 2013, the U.S. Court of Appeals vacated the District Court s class certification decision and remanded the case to permit the District Court to reconsider its decision in light of the United States Supreme Court case of Comcast Corp. v. Behrend. In September 2016, the District Court held a hearing to determine whether to certify a class. On October 10, 2017, the District Court denied the plaintiffs motion to certify a class. The plaintiffs appealed the denial of class certification to the U.S. Court of Appeals. In September 2018, the U.S. Court of Appeals held a hearing on the appeal of the denial of class certification. On August 16, 2019, the U.S. Court of Appeals affirmed the District Court s denial of class certification. The Company continues to believe that these allegations are without merit and continues to vigorously dispute such claims in all subsequent litigation filed by individual parties involving such allegations. The Company does not believe that the outcome of these proceedings will have a material effect on its financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, 
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 All of the membership interests in Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC are owned by a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. and therefore are not traded on any market. 

Item 7. Management s Narrative Analysis of Results of Operations 
 
 Management s narrative analysis relates to the results of operations of Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC and its subsidiaries. The principal operating subsidiary of BNSF is BNSF Railway through which BNSF derives substantially all of its revenues. The following narrative analysis should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying notes. 
 
 The following narrative analysis of results of operations includes a brief discussion of the factors that materially affected the Company s operating results in the year ended December 31, 2022, and a comparative analysis of the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Revenues Summary 
 
 The following tables present BNSF s revenue information by business group: 
 Revenues (in millions) Cars / Units (in thousands) Years Ended December 31, Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2022 2021 Consumer Products 9,234 8,256 5,202 5,673 Industrial Products 5,587 5,291 1,618 1,709 Agricultural Products 5,743 5,100 1,200 1,224 Coal 3,927 3,227 1,529 1,529 Total freight revenues 24,491 21,874 9,549 10,135 Other revenues 1,397 1,408 Total operating revenues 25,888 23,282 
 
 Average Revenue Per Car / Unit Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Consumer Products 1,775 1,455 Industrial Products 3,453 3,096 Agricultural Products 4,786 4,167 Coal 2,568 2,111 Total freight revenues 2,565 2,158 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Fuel Surcharges 
 
 Freight revenues include both revenue for transportation services and fuel surcharges. Where BNSF s fuel surcharge program is applied, it is intended to recover BNSF's incremental fuel costs when fuel prices exceed a threshold fuel price. Fuel surcharges are calculated differently depending on the type of commodity transported. BNSF has two standard fuel surcharge programs - Percent of Revenue and Mileage-Based. In addition, in certain commodities, fuel surcharge is calculated using a fuel price from a time period that can be up to 60 days earlier. In a period of volatile fuel prices or changing customer business mix, changes in fuel expense and fuel surcharge may differ significantly. 
 
 The following table presents fuel surcharge and fuel expense information (in millions): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Fuel expense a 
 4,581 2,766 Fuel surcharges 3,495 1,334 
 a Fuel expense includes locomotive and non-locomotive fuel. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs. Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 25.9 billion, an increase of 2.6 billion, or 11 percent, as compared with the year ended December 31, 2021. This was primarily due to a 19 percent increase in average revenue per car / unit, including the impact from higher fuel surcharge revenue driven by higher fuel prices, partially offset by a 6 percent decrease in unit volume. Revenue amounts also included the following changes between periods: 
 
 Consumer Products volumes decreased primarily due to lower intermodal shipments resulting from supply chain challenges and lower west coast imports during the second half of the year. 
 
 Industrial Products volumes decreased primarily due to a decrease in petroleum related to lower demand for shipments of crude by rail, lower building products shipments due to lower wind volumes, and lower steel and taconite shipments due to network rail challenges, partially offset by increased mineral shipments. 
 
 Agricultural Products volumes decreased primarily due to lower grain exports and fertilizer shipments, partially offset by higher volumes of domestic grains, renewable diesel, and feedstocks. 
 
 There were no significant changes in coal volumes. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Expense Table 
 
 The following table presents BNSF s expense information (in millions): 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Compensation and benefits 5,321 4,767 Fuel 4,581 2,766 Purchased services 2,697 2,715 Depreciation and amortization 2,528 2,456 Equipment rents 720 677 Materials and other 1,441 1,103 Total operating expenses 17,288 14,484 Interest expense 1,025 1,032 Other (income) expense, net (133) (95) Income tax expense 1,762 1,871 
 
 Expenses 
 
 Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 17.3 billion, an increase of 2.8 billion, or 19 percent, as compared with the year ended December 31, 2021. A significant portion of the increase is due to the following changes in expenses: 
 Fuel expense increased primarily due to higher average fuel price, partially offset by lower volumes. 
 
 Compensation and benefits expense increased primarily due to wage inflation, including the impact from the ratified union labor agreements, higher health and welfare costs, and lower productivity due to supply chain challenges. 
 
 Materials and other expense increased primarily due to general inflation, lower gains from land and easement sales, and higher casualty and litigation costs. 
 
 There were no significant changes in purchased services, depreciation and amortization, and equipment rents. 
 
 There were no significant changes in interest expense and other (income) expense, net. The effective tax rate was 22.9 percent and 23.8 percent for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Approximately 31,000 of BNSF s employees are members of a labor union. The U.S. Class I railroads and rail labor unions were engaged in multi-party national negotiations from January 2020 through June 2022. Federal mediation was included in that timeframe, followed by a release from the National Mediation Board and subsequent appointment of a Presidential Emergency Board (PEB), in accordance with the Railway Labor Act. The PEB issued its report and recommendations to settle the bargaining disputes on August 16, 2022. Tentative agreements based on these recommendations were reached with all labor unions in September 2022. Thereafter, a majority of the unions ratified those agreements with the rest being imposed by Congress. This concluded the national round which is not subject to re-opening until late 2024. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Information 
 
 To the extent that statements relate to the Company s future economic performance or business outlook, projections or expectations of financial or operational results, or refer to matters that are not historical facts, such statements are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. 
 
 Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual performance or results may differ materially. For a discussion of material risks and uncertainties that the Company faces, see the discussion in Item 1A, Risk Factors . Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 Economic and industry conditions: material adverse changes in economic or industry conditions, both in the United States and globally; volatility in the capital or credit markets including changes affecting the timely availability and cost of capital; changes in customer demand; effects of adverse economic conditions affecting shippers or BNSF s supplier base; effects due to more stringent regulatory policies such as the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions that could reduce the demand for coal or governmental tariffs or subsidies that could affect the demand for products BNSF hauls; the impact of low natural gas or oil prices on energy-related commodities demand; changes in environmental laws and other laws and regulations that could affect the demand for drilling products and products produced by drilling; changes in prices of fuel and other key materials, the impact of high barriers to entry for prospective new suppliers and disruptions in supply chains for these materials; competition and consolidation within the transportation industry; and changes in crew availability, labor and benefits costs and labor difficulties, including stoppages affecting either BNSF s operations or customers abilities to deliver goods to BNSF for shipment. 
 
 Legal, legislative and regulatory factors: developments and changes in laws and regulations, including those affecting train operations, the marketing of services or regulatory restrictions on equipment; the ultimate outcome of shipper and rate claims subject to adjudication; claims, investigations or litigation alleging violations of the antitrust laws; increased economic regulation of the rail industry through legislative action and revised rules and standards applied by the U.S. Surface Transportation Board in various areas including rates and services; developments in environmental investigations or proceedings with respect to rail operations or current or past ownership or control of real property or properties owned by others impacted by BNSF operations; losses resulting from claims and litigation relating to personal injuries, asbestos and other occupational diseases; the release of hazardous materials, environmental contamination and damage to property; regulation, restrictions or caps, or other controls on transportation of energy-related commodities or other operating restrictions that could affect operations or increase costs; the availability of adequate insurance to cover the risks associated with operations; and changes in tax rates and tax laws. 
 
 Operating factors: changes in operating conditions and costs; operational and other difficulties with positive train control technology, including increased compliance or operational costs or penalties; restrictions on development and expansion plans due to environmental concerns; disruptions to BNSF s technology network including computer systems and software, such as cybersecurity intrusions, unauthorized access to or misappropriation of assets or sensitive information, corruption of data or operational disruptions; network congestion, including effects of greater than anticipated demand for transportation services and equipment; as well as pandemics or natural events such as severe weather, fires, floods and earthquakes or man-made or other disruptions of BNSF s or other railroads operating systems, structures, or equipment including the effects of acts of war or terrorism on the Company s system or other railroads systems or other links in the transportation chain. 
 
 The Registrant cautions against placing undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect its current beliefs and are based on information currently available to it as of the date a forward-looking statement is made. The Registrant undertakes no obligation to revise forward-looking statements to reflect future events, changes in circumstances, or changes in beliefs. In the event the Registrant does update any forward-looking statement, no inference should be made that the Registrant will make additional updates with respect to that statement, related matters, or any other forward-looking statements. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Commodity Price Sensitivity 
 As of December 31, 2022, BNSF maintained fuel inventories for use in normal operations which were not material to BNSF s overall financial position and, therefore, represent no significant market exposure. The frequency of BNSF s fuel inventory turnover also reduces market exposure, should fuel inventories become material to BNSF s overall financial position. 
 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of BNSF s debt, excluding finance leases, was 21.5 billion. 
 
 The following table is an estimate of the impact to the fair value of total debt, excluding finance leases, that could result from hypothetical interest rate changes during the twelve-month period ending December 31, 2023, based on debt levels as of December 31, 2022: 
 Sensitivity Analysis Hypothetical Change in Interest Rates Change in Fair Value Total Debt 1-percent decrease 2.4 billion increase 1-percent increase 2.0 billion decrease 
 
 Information on the Company s debt, which may be sensitive to interest rate fluctuations, is incorporated by reference from Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 The Consolidated Financial Statements of BNSF and subsidiary companies, together with the report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, are included as part of this filing. 
 
 The following documents are filed as a part of this report: 

Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 17 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 19 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 20 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 21 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 22 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 23 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 24 

16 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Sole Member and the Board of Directors of 
 Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Property and Equipment Self Constructed Assets Appropriate Capitalization of Costs Refer to Notes 2 and 7 to the financial statements. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company self-constructs portions of its track structure and rebuilds certain classes of rolling stock. Costs that increase capacity, enhance the safety or efficiency of operations, extend the useful life or increase the value of an asset, gain strategic benefit, or provide new service offerings to customers are capitalized by the Company. In addition to direct labor and materials, indirect costs that clearly relate to capital projects are also capitalized. The determination by management of costs considered normal repairs and maintenance operating expense versus costs that are capitalized requires significant management judgement. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company's capital expenditures excluding equipment, which is inclusive of self-constructed assets, was 3.4 billion. 
 
 We identified the capitalization of cost additions to self-constructed assets as a critical audit matter. Management makes significant judgements when evaluating whether the costs should be charged to the self-constructed asset project and if the specific project the costs are assigned to meet the generally accepted accounting principles requirements related to capitalization. This required a high degree of auditor judgement when performing audit procedures to evaluate compliance with the criteria for cost capitalization and to evaluate the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures to test management s judgements included the following, among others: 
 
 We evaluated the Company's capitalization policy in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We obtained the detail of all property additions for the year and segregated the additions into categories to isolate assets self-constructed by the Company from assets purchased by the Company from third parties. We made sample selections from the self-constructed asset detail and obtained the details of the specific selected cost and related supporting documents. 
 
 We assessed whether the nature of the selected cost reasonably reflected the nature of the capital project to which it was charged. 
 
 We inquired with individuals in the Company s engineering and operating departments to understand the nature of projects that were selected for testing to determine if it was a normal repairs and maintenance type project or if it was a project that should be capitalized. 
 
 We evaluated management s judgement that the selected cost on the selected self-constructed project should have been capitalized as an asset based on the nature of the project. 

/s/ 

February 27, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 In millions 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Operating expenses: Compensation and benefits Fuel Purchased services Depreciation and amortization Equipment rents Materials and other Total operating expenses Operating income Interest expense Other (income) expense, net ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 In millions 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income: Change in pension and retiree health and welfare benefits, net of tax ) ) Change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) of equity method investees Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 In millions 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Materials and supplies Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 
 Goodwill Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable and other current liabilities Long-term debt and finance leases due within one year Total current liabilities Long-term debt and finance leases Deferred income taxes Operating lease liabilities Casualty and environmental liabilities Pension and retiree health and welfare liability Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 13) Equity: Member s equity Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 In millions 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cas h provided by o perating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes Long-term casualty and environmental liabilities, net ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Changes in current assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Materials and supplies ) ) ) Other current assets Accounts payable and other current liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Capital expenditures excluding equipment ) ) ) Acquisition of equipment ) ) ) Purchases of investments and investments in time deposits ) Proceeds from sales of investments and maturities of time deposits Other, net ) ) ) Net cash used for investing activities ) ) ) Financing Activities Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Payments on long-term debt and finance leases ) ) ) Cash distributions ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash used for financing activities ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents: Beginning of period End of period Supplemental Cash Flow Information Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized Capital investments accrued but not yet paid Income taxes paid, net of refunds Non-cash asset financing 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 In millions 
 Member s Equity Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity Balance as of December 31, 2019 Cash distributions ) ) Comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 Cash distributions ) ) Comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Balance as of December 31, 2021 Cash distributions ) ) Comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC and Subsidiaries 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 
 route miles of track (excluding multiple main tracks, yard tracks and sidings) in states and also operates in Canadian provinces. Through operating transportation services segment, BNSF Railway transports a wide range of products and commodities including the transportation of Consumer Products, Industrial Products, Agricultural Products, and Coal, derived from manufacturing, agricultural, and natural resource industries, which constituted percent, percent, percent, and percent, respectively, of total freight revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. These Consolidated Financial Statements include BNSF, BNSF Railway, and other majority-owned subsidiaries, all of which are separate legal entities. 
 
 Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation was incorporated in the State of Delaware on December 16, 1994. On February 12, 2010, Berkshire Hathaway Inc., a Delaware corporation (Berkshire), acquired percent of the outstanding shares of Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation common stock that it did not already own. The acquisition was completed through the merger (Merger) of a Berkshire wholly-owned merger subsidiary and Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation, with the surviving entity renamed Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC. Berkshire s cost of acquiring BNSF was pushed-down to establish a new accounting basis for BNSF beginning as of February 13, 2010. Earnings per share data is not presented because BNSF has only holder of its membership interests. 

2. 

24 

Table of Contents 

25 

Table of Contents 

26 

Table of Contents 

3. 

27 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 
 Industrial Products Agricultural Products Coal Total freight revenues Non-rail logistics subsidiary Accessorial and other Total other revenues Total operating revenues 
 
 Contract assets and liabilities are immaterial. Receivables from contracts with customers is a component of accounts receivable, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, billion and billion , respectively, represent net receivables from contracts with customers. 
 
 Remaining performance obligations primarily consist of in-transit freight revenues, which will be recognized in the next reporting period. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, remaining performance obligations were million and million , respectively. 

5. 
 State Total current Deferred: Federal State ) Total deferred Total 
 
 State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Effective tax rate 
 
 28 

Table of Contents ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax assets: Operating lease liabilities Compensation and benefits Casualty and environmental Other Total deferred tax assets Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 BNSF is included in the consolidated U.S. federal income tax return of Berkshire. BNSF s tax expense and liabilities have been computed on a stand-alone basis, and all of its currently payable federal income taxes are remitted to Berkshire. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information related to income taxes paid to Berkshire during 2022. 
 
 All U.S. federal income tax returns of BNSF are closed for audit through the tax period ended December 31, 2011. BNSF is currently under examination for the years 2012 through 2019 as part of Berkshire's consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. 
 
 BNSF has various state income tax returns in the process of examination, administrative appeal or litigation. State income tax returns are generally subject to examination for a period of three to five years after filing of the respective return. The state impact of any federal changes remains subject to examination by various states for a period of up to one year after formal notification to the states. 
 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 The amount of unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was million, million and million, respectively. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 that would affect the Company s effective tax rate if recognized was million, computed at the federal income tax rate expected to be applicable in the taxable period in which the amount may be incurred by the Company. 
 Additions for tax positions related to current year Additions (reductions) for tax positions taken in prior years ) Additions (reductions) for tax positions as a result of: Settlements ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 It is expected that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change in the next twelve months; however, BNSF does not expect the change to have a significant impact on the results of operations, the financial position or the cash flows of the Company. 
 
 The Company recognizes interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in income tax expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company had recorded a liability of approximately million and million for interest for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 million and million, respectively, of such allowances had been recorded. 

7. 
 Track structure 15 55 years Other roadway a 
 10 100 years Locomotives 8 37 years Freight cars and other equipment 8 43 years Computer hardware, software and other 6 15 years Construction in progress Total cost Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net a Other roadway includes grading, bridges, signals, buildings and other road assets. 

The Consolidated Balance Sheets as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 included billion of capitalized right-of-use fixed assets and related accumulated amortization of million and million, respectively, under other assets. 
 
 The Company capitalized million, million and million of interest for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

8. 
 
 billion of which billion was recorded as a result of the Merger on February 12, 2010. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, impairment losses were incurred and there were accumulated impairment losses related to goodwill as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

9. 
 
 Finance lease cost: Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Short-term lease cost Total lease cost 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Accounts payable and other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities 

Finance Leases December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Property and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net Long-term debt due within one year Long-term debt Total finance lease liabilities 
 
 Operating cash flows for finance leases Financing cash flows for finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases ) 
 
 Other information related to leases was as follows: 
 Other Information December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years): Operating leases Finance leases Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less amount representing interest ) ) Total 

10. 
 Investment in Unconsolidated Subsidiaries Pension Asset Other Total 
 
 Certain payments to joint facility partners and service providers are amortized over the life of the related asset or agreement. 

11. 
 Property and income tax liabilities Accounts payable Operating leases - current Customer incentives Accrued interest Capital expenditure estimated liabilities Casualty and environmental liabilities Rents and leases Other Total 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 12. 
 
 Equipment obligations, due through 2028 Mortgage bonds, due through 2047 Financing obligations, due through 2029 Unamortized fair value adjustment under acquisition method accounting, discount, debt issuance costs, and other, net ) ) Total Less current portion of long-term debt ) ) Long-term debt 
 a Amounts represent debt outstanding and weighted average effective interest rates for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Maturities are as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, certain BNSF Railway properties and other assets were subject to liens securing million of mortgage debt. Certain locomotives and rolling stock of BNSF Railway Company and subsidiaries were subject to equipment obligations. 
 
 The Registrant is required to maintain certain financial covenants in conjunction with million of certain issued and outstanding junior subordinated notes. As of December 31, 2022, the Registrant was in compliance with these financial covenants. 
 
 The fair value of BNSF s debt is primarily based on market value price models using observable market-based data for the same or similar issues, or on the estimated rates that would be offered to BNSF for debt of the same remaining maturities (Level 2 inputs). 

As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of debt was billion. 
 
 Notes and Debentures 
 
 In May 2022, the Company filed a new automatic shelf registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that became effective on May 6, 2022 and will remain effective for three years. 
 
 In June 2022, the Company issued billion of percent debentures due January 15, 2053. The net proceeds from the sale of the debentures were used for general corporate purposes, which may include but are not limited to working capital, capital expenditures, repayment of outstanding indebtedness, and distributions. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, billion remained authorized by the Board of Directors to be issued through the SEC debt shelf offering process. 

33 

Table of Contents 

 13. 
 Accruals / changes in estimates Payments ) ) ) Ending balance Current portion of ending balance 
 
 The amount recorded by the Company for the personal injury liability is based upon the best information currently available. Because of the uncertainty surrounding the ultimate outcome of personal injury claims, it is reasonably possible that future costs to resolve th ese claims may be different from the recorded amounts. The Company estimates that costs to resolve the liability may range from approximately million to million. 
 
 Although the final outcome of these personal injury matters cannot be predicted with certainty, it is the opinion of BNSF that none of these items, when finally resolved, will have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position or liquidity. However, the occurrence of a number of these items in the same period could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations in a particular quarter or fiscal year. 
 
 Environmental 
 
 BNSF is subject to extensive federal, state, and local environmental regulation. The Company s operating procedures include practices to protect the environment from the risks inherent in railroad operations, which frequently involve transporting chemicals and other hazardous materials. Additionally, many of BNSF s land holdings are or have been used for industrial or transportation-related purposes or leased to commercial or industrial companies whose activities may have resulted in discharges onto the property. Under federal (in particular, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act) and state statutes, the Company may be held jointly and severally liable for cleanup and enforcement costs associated with a particular site without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct. The Company participates in the study, cleanup, or both of environmental contamination at approximately sites. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Accruals / changes in estimates Payments ) ) ) Ending balance Current portion of ending balance 
 
 The amount recorded by the Company for the environmental liability is based upon the best information currently available. It has not been reduced by anticipated recoveries from third parties and includes both asserted and unasserted claims. BNSF s total cleanup costs at these sites cannot be predicted with certainty due to various factors, such as the extent of corrective actions that may be required, evolving environmental laws and regulations, advances in environmental technology, the extent of other parties participation in cleanup efforts, developments in ongoing environmental analyses related to sites determined to be contaminated, and developments in environmental surveys and studies of contaminated sites. Because of the uncertainty surrounding various factors, it is reasonably possible that future costs to settle these claims may be different from the recorded amounts. The Company estimates that costs to settle the liability may range from approximately million to million. 
 
 Although the final outcome of these environmental matters cannot be predicted with certainty, it is the opinion of BNSF that none of these items, when finally resolved, will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position or liquidity. However, the occurrence of a number of these items in the same period could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations in a particular quarter or fiscal year. 
 
 Other Claims and Litigation 
 
 In addition to personal injury and environmental matters, BNSF is a party to a number of other legal actions and claims, governmental proceedings, and private civil suits arising in the ordinary course of business, including those related to disputes and complaints involving certain transportation rates and charges. Some of the legal proceedings include claims for compensatory damages and may, from time to time, include requests for punitive damages or treatment of the claim as a class action. Although the final outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, it is the opinion of BNSF that none of these items, when finally resolved, will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position or liquidity. However, the occurrence of a number of these items in the same period could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations in a particular quarter or fiscal year. 
 
 On April 4, 2019, a class action complaint was filed against BNSF Railway alleging that it obtained biometric identifiers from third-party truck drivers using the auto-gate system at its facilities within the State of Illinois without obtaining their informed written consent in violation of the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act (BIPA). On October 12, 2022, a judgment was entered against BNSF Railway in the amount of million. BNSF Railway is in the process of appealing the judgment. While the ultimate resolution of this matter is subject to further developments, the Company does not believe that the outcome will have a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 
 
 Other Commitments 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into long-term contractual requirements for future goods and services needed for the operations of the business. Such commitments are not in excess of expected requirements and are not reasonably likely to result in performance penalties or payments that would have a material adverse effect on the Company s liquidity. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, related to these third-party investments which were classified as cash and cash equivalents on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Guarantee 
 As of December 31, 2022, BNSF has not been called upon to perform under the guarantee specifically disclosed in this footnote and does not anticipate a significant performance risk in the foreseeable future. 
 
 N/A c 
 N/A c 
 N/A c 
 b 
 
 a Reflects the maximum amount the Company could recover from a third party other than the counterparty. 
 b Reflects the asset and corresponding liability for the fair value of this guarantee required by authoritative accounting guidance related to guarantees. 
 c There is no cap to the liability that can be sought from BNSF for BNSF s negligence or the negligence of the indemnified party. However, BNSF could receive reimbursement from certain insurance policies if the liability exceeds a certain amount. 
 
 Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LP 
 BNSF has an indemnity agreement with Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LP (Chevron Phillips), granting certain rights of indemnity from BNSF, in order to facilitate access to a storage facility. Under certain circumstances, payment under this obligation may be required in the event Chevron Phillips were to incur certain liabilities or other incremental costs resulting from trackage access. 
 
 Indemnities 
 In the ordinary course of business, BNSF enters into agreements with third parties that include indemnification clauses. The Company believes that these clauses are generally customary for the types of agreements in which they are included. At times, these clauses may involve indemnification for the acts of the Company, its employees and agents, indemnification for another party s acts, indemnification for future events, indemnification based upon a certain standard of performance, indemnification for liabilities arising out of the Company s use of leased equipment or other property, or other types of indemnification. Despite the uncertainty whether events which would trigger the indemnification obligations would ever occur, the Company does not believe that these indemnity agreements will have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, financial position or liquidity. Additionally, the Company believes that, due to lack of historical payment experience, the fair value of indemnities cannot be estimated with any amount of certainty and that the fair value of any such amount would be immaterial to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Unless separately disclosed above, no fair value liability related to indemnities has been recorded in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

36 

Table of Contents 

 14. 
 of compensation for the last of salaried employment with the Company. BNSF Railway also provides a funded, noncontributory qualified pension plan which covers certain union employees of the former The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company (Union Plan). The benefits under this pension plan are based on elections made at the time the plan was implemented. With respect to the funded plans, the Registrant's funding policy is to contribute annually not less than the regulatory minimum and not more than the maximum amount deductible for income tax purposes. The BNSF Retirement Plan, the BNSF Supplemental Retirement Plan, and the Union Plan are collectively referred to herein as the Pension Plans. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2019, the Registrant amended the BNSF Retirement Plan and the BNSF Supplemental Retirement Plan. Non-union employees hired on or after April 1, 2019 are not eligible to participate in these retirement plans and instead receive an additional employer contribution as part of the qualified 401(k) plan based on the employees age and years of service. Current employees are being transitioned away from the retirement plans and upon transition are eligible for the additional employer contribution. 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of net loss Settlement loss (gain) ) ) ) Net (benefit) cost recognized ) ) ) 
 
 The projected benefit obligation is the present value of benefits earned to date by plan participants, including the effect of assumed future salary increases. 
 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Settlements ) ) Projected benefit obligation at end of period Component representing future salary increases ) ) Accumulated benefit obligation at end of period 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Actual return (loss) on plan assets ) Employer contributions a 
 Benefits paid ) ) Settlements ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of period 
 a Employer contributions were classified as Other, Net under Operating Activities in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 

Of the net pension assets of million and million recognized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, million and million were included in other current liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and million and million were included in other assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The BNSF Supplemental Retirement Plan had accumulated and projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of December 31, 2022, and the BNSF Supplemental Retirement Plan and the Union Plan had accumulated and projected benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of December 31, 2021. 
 Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 
 Actuarial gains and losses and prior service credits are recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets through an adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI). 
 Amortization of net loss Actuarial gain (loss) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Pre-tax amount recognized in AOCI 
 
 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase 
 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 
 The Company determined the discount rate based on a yield curve that utilized year-end market yields of high-quality corporate bonds to develop spot rates that are matched against the plans expected benefit payments. The discount rate used for the 2023 calculation of pension net benefit cost increased to percent, which reflects market conditions at the December 31, 2022 measurement date. 
 
 Various other assumptions including retirement and withdrawal rates, compensation increases, payment form and benefit commencement age are based upon a five-year experience study. In 2021, the Company obtained an updated study which had an immaterial impact on its pension and retiree health and welfare projected benefit obligation. 
 
 The Company utilizes actuary-produced mortality tables and an improvement scale derived from the most recently available data, which were used in the calculation of its December 31, 2022 and 2021 liabilities. 
 
 Pension plan assets are generally invested with the long-term objective of earning sufficient amounts to cover expected benefit obligations while assuming a prudent level of risk. Allocations may change as a result of changing market conditions and investment opportunities . 
 
 The expected rates of return on plan assets reflect sub jective assessments of expected invested asset returns over a period of several years. Actual experience may differ from the assumed rates. The expected rate of return on pension plan assets was percent for 2022 and will be percent for 2023. 
 
 million increase 50 basis point increase million decrease Hypothetical Expected Rate of Return on Plan Assets Change Pension 50 basis point decrease million increase 50 basis point increase million decrease 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Equity securities b 
 Government obligations Other fixed maturity securities Total 
 a See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements under the heading Fair Value Measurements for a definition of each of these levels of inputs. 
 b As of December 31, 2022, equity securities each exceeded percent of total plan assets. These investments represent approximately percent of total plan assets. 
 
 Comparative Prior Year Information 
 The following table summarizes the investments of the funded pension plans as of December 31, 2021, based on the inputs used to value them (in millions): 
 Total as of Asset Category December 31, 2021 Level 1 
 Inputs a 
 Level 2 
 Inputs a 
 Level 3 
 Inputs a 
 Cash and equivalents Equity securities b 
 Government obligations Other fixed maturity securities Total 
 a See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements under the heading Fair Value Measurements for a definition of each of these levels of inputs. 
 b As of December 31, 2021, equity securities each exceeded percent of total plan assets. These investments represented approximately percent of total plan assets. 
 
 The Company is not required to make contributions to its funded pension plans in 2023. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 a Primarily consists of the BNSF Retirement Plan payments, which are made from the plan trust and do not represent an immediate cash outflow to the Company. 
 
 Other Benefit Plans 
 The Registrant and BNSF Railway sponsor qualified 401(k) plans that cover substantially all employees and a non-qualified defined contribution plan that covers certain officers and other employees. BNSF matches contributions made by non-union employees and a limited number of union employees subject to certain percentage limits of the employees earnings. Non-union employees hired on or after April 1, 2019, and employees hired before that date who have transitioned from the BNSF Retirement Plan are also eligible for an additional employer contribution based on the employees age and years of service. The Company's 401(k) expense was million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Certain salaried employees of BNSF who met age and years of service requirements and who began salaried employment prior to September 22, 1995 are eligible for medical benefits, including prescription drug coverage, during retirement. For pre-Medicare participants, the postretirement medical and prescription drug benefit is contributory and provides benefits to retirees and their covered dependents. For Medicare eligible participants, a yearly stipend is recorded in a Health Reimbursement Account (HRA) established on their behalf. Retirees can use these HRAs to reimburse themselves for eligible out-of-pocket expenses, as well as premiums for personal supplemental insurance policies. HRAs are unfunded, so no funds are expended by the Company until the reimbursements are paid to participants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the projected benefit obligation associated with the retiree health and welfare plans was million and million, respectively. For each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the service cost associated with the health and welfare plans was approximately million. 
 
 million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The average number of employees covered under these plans was approximately , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 15. 
 
 billion, billion and billion, respectively, to Berkshire. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company received tax refunds of million, million and million, respectively, from Berkshire, and made tax payments of billion, billion and billion, respectively, to Berkshire. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a payable to Berkshire of million and million, respectively. 
 
 BNSF engages in various transactions with related parties in the ordinary course of business. 
 Expenditures 
 
 North American railroads pay TTX Company (TTX) car hire to use TTX s freight equipment to serve their customers. BNSF owns percent of TTX while other North American railroads own the remaining interest. As the Company possesses the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the operating and financial policies of TTX, BNSF applies the equity method of accounting to its investment. The investment in TTX is recorded in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and equity income or losses are recorded in materials and other in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company s investment in TTX was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company incurred car hire expenditures with TTX of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 16. 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of million tax benefit 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI: Amortization of actuarial losses a 
 2 2 Settlement (gain) loss a 
 ) ) Tax expense (benefit) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of million tax expense 
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI: Amortization of actuarial losses a 
 Settlement (gain) loss a 
 ) ) Tax expense (benefit) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of million tax benefit 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI: Amortization of actuarial losses a 
 Settlement (gain) loss a 
 ) ) Tax expense (benefit) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 a This accumulated other comprehensive income component is included in the computation of net periodic pension cost (see Note 14 for additional details). 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that BNSF s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by BNSF in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to BNSF s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The management of BNSF is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. BNSF s internal control over financial reporting was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of BNSF s financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of BNSF s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management adopted and used the criteria set forth in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on management s assessment, management concluded that as of December 31, 2022, BNSF s internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 
 This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 As of the period covered by this report, the Company has concluded that there have been no changes in BNSF s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during BNSF s fourth fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, BNSF s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Part III 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees 
 The following table presents the fees billed to BNSF, including its majority-owned subsidiaries, for services provided by Deloitte Touche LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 2022 2021 Audit fees 3,337 3,117 Audit-related fees Tax fees All other fees Total 3,337 3,117 
 
 Audit Fees 
 Audit fees consist of professional services rendered by the independent registered public accounting firm for audits of financial statements, quarterly reviews, internal control reviews, and agreed-upon procedures. 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 This category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of BNSF s financial statements and are not reported above under "Audit Fees". These services include attestation services not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 
 
 Tax Fees 
 Tax fees consist of professional services for tax compliance, tax audit, and tax planning for specific transactions or potential transactions of the Company. No tax fees were billed in 2022 or 2021. 
 
 All Other Fees 
 All other fees consist of subscription-related fees. 
 
 Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 
 The Registrant is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. and does not have an audit committee. During 2022 and 2021, the Audit Committee of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. pre-approved all fees and services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm, subject to the exceptions for non-audit services described in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and rules and regulations thereunder. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements see Item 8. 
 Schedules are omitted because they are not required or applicable, or the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or related notes. 
 2. Exhibits. 
 Incorporated by Reference (if applicable) Exhibit Number and Description Form File Date File No. Exhibit (3) Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 3.1 
 Certificate of Formation dated November 2, 2009. 
 8-K 2/16/2010 1-11535 3.1 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Operating Agreement of Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC, dated February 12, 2010, as amended by the Written Consent of the Sole Member, dated April 8, 2010, and as further amended by the Written Consent of the Sole Member, dated January 1, 2021. 
 10-K 3/1/2021 1-11535 3.2 (4) Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures 4.1 
 Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1995, between BNSF and The First National Bank of Chicago, as Trustee. 
 S-3 2/8/1999 333-72013 4 4.2 
 Form of BNSF s 6 3/4 Debenture Due March 15, 2029. 
 10-K 3/31/1999 1-11535 4.3 4.3 
 Form of BNSF s 6.70 Debenture Due August 1, 2028. 
 10-K 3/31/1999 1-11535 4.4 4.4 
 Form of BNSF s 8.125 Debenture Due April 15, 2020. 
 10-K 2/12/2001 1-11535 4.6 4.5 
 Form of BNSF s 7.95 Debenture Due August 15, 2030. 
 10-K 2/12/2001 1-11535 4.7 4.6 
 Indenture, dated as of December 8, 2005, between BNSF and U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as Trustee. 
 S-3 ASR 12/8/2005 333-130214 4.1 4.7 
 Certificate of Trust of BNSF Funding Trust I, executed and filed by U.S. Bank Trust National Association, Linda Hurt and James Gallegos, as Trustees. 
 S-3 ASR 12/8/2005 333-130214 4.3 4.8 
 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of BNSF Funding Trust I, dated as of December 15, 2005. 
 8-K 12/15/2005 1-11535 4.4 4.9 
 Guarantee Agreement between BNSF and U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as Guarantee Trustee, dated as of December 15, 2005. 
 8-K 12/15/2005 1-11535 4.5 4.10 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 15, 2005, between BNSF and U.S. Bank Trust National Association, as Trustee. 
 8-K 12/15/2005 1-11535 4.6 4.11 
 Agreement as to Expenses and Liabilities dated as of December 15, 2005, between BNSF and BNSF Funding Trust I. 
 8-K 12/15/2005 1-11535 4.4 (Exhibit C) 4.12 
 Form of BNSF Funding Trust I s 6.613 Trust Preferred Securities. 
 8-K 12/15/2005 1-11535 4.4 (Exhibit D) 4.13 
 Officer s Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF s 6.20 Debentures Due August 15, 2036, including the form of the Debentures. 
 10-Q 10/24/2006 1-11535 4.1 4.14 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 13, 2007, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995, between BNSF and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 4/13/2007 1-11535 4.1 4.15 
 Officer s Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF s 5.65 Debentures due May 1, 2017, and 6.15 Debentures Due May 1, 2037, including the forms of the Debentures. 
 8-K 4/13/2007 1-11535 4.2 
 
 References to BNSF refer to Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation for all periods through February 12, 2010, and to Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC for all periods on or after February 13, 2010. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference (if applicable) Exhibit Number and Description Form File Date File No. Exhibit 4.16 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 14, 2008, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995, between BNSF and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 3/14/2008 1-11535 4.1 4.17 
 Officers Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF s 5.75 Notes due March 15, 2018, including the form of the Notes. 
 8-K 3/14/2008 1-11535 4.2 4.18 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 3, 2008, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995, between BNSF and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 12/3/2008 1-11535 4.1 4.19 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 24, 2009, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995, between BNSF and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, including the form of BNSF s 4.700 Notes due October 1, 2019. 
 8-K 9/24/2009 1-11535 4.1 4.20 
 Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF s 4.700 Notes due October 1, 2019. 
 8-K 9/24/2009 1-11535 4.2 4.21 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 11, 2010, by and among Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation, R Acquisition Company, LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 
 8-K 2/16/2010 1-11535 4.1 4.22 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 11, 2010, by and among Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation, R Acquisition Company, LLC and U.S. Bank Trust National Association. 
 8-K 2/16/2010 1-11535 4.2 4.23 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 17, 2010, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995, between BNSF and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 5/17/2010 1-11535 4.1 4.24 
 Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF s 5.75 Debentures due May 1, 2040. 
 8-K 5/17/2010 1-11535 4.2 4.25 
 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 10, 2010, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995, between BNSF and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 9/10/2010 1-11535 4.1 4.26 
 Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF s 3.60 Debentures due September 1, 2020 and 5.05 Debentures due March 1, 2041. 
 8-K 9/10/2010 1-11535 4.2 4.27 
 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 19, 2011, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995, between BNSF and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 5/19/2011 1-11535 4.1 4.28 
 Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF s 4.10 Debentures due June 1, 2021 and 5.40 Debentures due June 1, 2041. 
 8-K 5/19/2011 1-11535 4.2 4.29 
 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 22, 2011, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995, between BNSF and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 8/22/2011 1-11535 4.1 4.30 
 Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF s 3.45 Debentures due September 15, 2021 and 4.95 Debentures due September 15, 2041. 
 8-K 8/22/2011 1-11535 4.2 4.31 
 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 2, 2012, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995, between BNSF and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 3/2/2012 1-11535 4.1 4.32 
 Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF s 3.05 Debentures due March 15, 2022 and 4.40 Debentures due March 15, 2042. 
 8-K 3/2/2012 1-11535 4.2 4.33 
 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 23, 2012, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995 between BNSF and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 8/23/2012 1-11535 4.1 4.34 
 Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF s 3.050 Debentures due September 1, 2022 and 4.375 Debentures due September 1, 2042. 
 8-K 8/23/2012 1-11535 4.2 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference (if applicable) Exhibit Number and Description Form File Date File No. Exhibit 4.35 
 Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2013, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995 between BNSF and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 3/12/2013 1-11535 4.1 4.36 
 Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF s 3.00 Debentures due March 15, 2023 and 4.45 Debentures due March 15, 2043. 
 8-K 3/12/2013 1-11535 4.2 4.37 
 Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 22, 2013, to Indenture dated December 1, 1995, between BNSF and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 8/22/2013 1-11535 4.1 4.38 
 Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF s 3.850 Debentures due September 1, 2023 and 5.150 Debentures due September 1, 2043. 
 8-K 8/22/2013 1-11535 4.2 4.39 
 Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 7, 2014, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995, between BNSF and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 3/7/2014 1-11535 4.1 4.40 
 Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF s 3.750 Debentures due April 1, 2024 and 4.900 Debentures due April 1, 2044. 
 8-K 3/7/2014 1-11535 4.2 4.41 
 Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 18, 2014, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995, between BNSF and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 8/18/2014 1-11535 4.1 4.42 
 Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF s 3.400 Debentures due September 1, 2024 and 4.550 Debentures due September 1, 2044. 
 8-K 8/18/2014 1-11535 4.2 4.43 
 Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 9, 2015, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995, between BNSF and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 3/9/2015 1-11535 4.1 4.44 
 Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF s 3.000 Debentures due April 1, 2025 and 4.150 Debentures due April 1, 2045. 
 8-K 3/9/2015 1-11535 4.2 4.45 
 Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 20, 2015, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995, between BNSF and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 8/20/2015 1-11535 4.1 4.46 
 Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF s 3.650 Debentures due September 1, 2025 and 4.700 Debentures due September 1, 2045. 
 8-K 8/20/2015 1-11535 4.2 4.47 
 Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 16, 2016, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995, between BNSF and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 5/16/2016 1-11535 4.1 4.48 
 Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF s 3.900 Debentures due August 1, 2046. 
 8-K 5/16/2016 1-11535 4.2 4.49 
 Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 9, 2017, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995, between BNSF and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 3/9/2017 1-11535 4.1 4.50 
 Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF s 3.250 Debentures due June 15, 2027 and 4.125 Debentures due June 15, 2047. 
 8-K 3/9/2017 1-11535 4.2 4.51 
 Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 5, 2018, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995, between BNSF and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 3/5/2018 1-11535 4.1 4.52 
 Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF s 4.050 Debentures due June 15, 2048. 
 8-K 3/5/2018 1-11535 4.2 4.53 
 Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 2, 2018, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995, between BNSF and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 8/2/2018 1-11535 4.1 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Incorporated by Reference (if applicable) Exhibit Number and Description Form File Date File No. Exhibit 4.54 
 Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF s 4.150 Debentures due December 15, 2048. 
 8-K 8/2/2018 1-11535 4.2 4.55 
 Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 24, 2019, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995, between BNSF and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 7/24/2019 1-11535 4.1 4.56 
 Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF s 3.550 Debentures due February 15, 2050. 
 8-K 7/24/2019 1-11535 4.2 4.57 
 Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 13, 2020, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995, between Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC and the Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 4/13/2020 1-11535 4.1 4.58 
 Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF's 3.050 Debentures due February 15, 2051. 
 8-K 4/13/2020 1-11535 4.2 4.59 
 Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 6, 2021, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995, between Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 4/6/2021 1-11535 4.1 4.60 
 Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF's 3.300 Debentures due September 15, 2051. 
 8-K 4/6/2021 1-11535 4.2 4.61 
 Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 29, 2021, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995, between Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 12/8/2021 1-11535 4.1 4.62 
 Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF's 2.875 Debentures due June 15, 2052. 
 8-K 12/8/2021 1-11535 4.2 4.63 
 Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 7, 2022, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995, between Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 6/7/2022 1-11535 4.1 4.64 
 Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF s 4.450 Debentures due January 15, 2053. 
 8-K 6/7/2022 1-11535 4.2 4.65 
 Description of Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 Certain instruments evidencing long-term indebtedness of BNSF are not being filed as exhibits to this Report because the total amount of securities authorized under any single such instrument does not exceed 10 of BNSF s total assets. BNSF will furnish copies of any material instruments upon request of the Securities and Exchange Commission. (10) Material Contracts 10.1 
 Replacement Capital Covenant, dated as of December 15, 2005, by BNSF in favor of and for the benefit of each Covered Debtholder (as defined therein). 
 8-K 12/15/2005 1-11535 10.1 (23) Consents of experts and counsel 23.1 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP . 
 (24) Power of Attorney 24.1 
 Power of Attorney. 
 (31) Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 31.1 
 Principal Executive Officer s Certifications Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002). 
 31.2 
 Principal Financial Officer s Certifications Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002). 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 (32) Section 1350 Certifications 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002). Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002). 
 (101) XBRL-Related Documents 101 The following financial information from Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL) includes: (i) the Cover Page, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (iv) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (vi) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and (vii) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (104) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as iXBRL and continued in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC By: /s/ Kathryn M. Farmer Dated: February 27, 2023 Kathryn M. Farmer President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 
 Signature Title /s/ Kathryn M. Farmer President and Chief Executive Officer Kathryn M. Farmer (Principal Executive Officer), and Director /s/ Paul W. Bischler Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Paul W. Bischler (Principal Financial Officer), and Director /s/ Candace I. Palmarozzi Vice President and Controller Candace I. Palmarozzi (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Gregory E. Abel Director Gregory E. Abel /s/ Stevan B. Bobb Director Stevan B. Bobb /s/ Warren E. Buffett Director Warren E. Buffett /s/ Marc D. Hamburg Director Marc D. Hamburg /s/ Carl R. Ice Director Carl R. Ice /s/ Matthew J. Igoe Director Matthew J. Igoe /s/ Jill K. Mulligan Director Jill K. Mulligan 
 
 By: /s/ Dustin J. Almaguer Dated: February 27, 2023 Dustin J. Almaguer, Attorney-in-fact 
 
 S-1 

<EX-4.65>
 2
 llc-123122x10kex465.htm
 EX-4.65

Document 

Exhibit 4.65 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 A description of the characteristics of the limited liability company membership interest in Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC (the Registrant that are registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is set forth in the Registrant s Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement, filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 E-1 

</EX-4.65>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 llc-123122x10kex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-264739 on Form S-3 of our report dated February 27, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC and subsidiaries, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Fort Worth, Texas 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 E-2 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 4
 llc-123122x10kex241.htm
 EX-24.1

Document 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 WHEREAS , BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTA FE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), will file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 
 WHEREAS , the undersigned serve the Company in the capacity indicated 
 NOW, THEREFORE , the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints PAUL W. BISCHLER or DUSTIN ALMAGUER, the undersigned's attorney with full power to act for the undersigned in the undersigned's name, place and stead, to sign the undersigned's name in the capacity set forth below, to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and to any and all amendments to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, and hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorney may or shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Power of Attorney has been executed by the undersigned this 27 th day of February, 2023. 
 s Warren E. Buffett s Marc D. Hamburg Warren E. Buffett, Director Marc D. Hamburg, Director s Gregory E. Abel s Carl R. Ice Gregory E. Abel, Director Carl R. Ice, Director s Kathryn M. Farmer s Paul W. Bischler Kathryn M. Farmer, Director and President and Chief Executive Officer Paul W. Bischler, Director and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer s Stevan B. Bobb s Matthew J. Igoe Stevan B. Bobb, Director Matthew J. Igoe, Director s Jill K. Mulligan Jill K. Mulligan, Director 
 
 E-3 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 llc-123122x10kex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 

Principal Executive Officer s Certifications 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Kathryn M. Farmer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Kathryn M. Farmer Date February 27, 2023 Kathryn M. Farmer President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 E-4 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 llc-123122x10kex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 

Principal Financial Officer s Certifications 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Paul W. Bischler, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Paul W. Bischler Date February 27, 2023 Paul W. Bischler Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 E-5 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 llc-123122x10kex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 (Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Kathryn M. Farmer, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Paul W. Bischler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to his her knowledge on the date hereof 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated February 27, 2023 
 
 s Kathryn M. Farmer s Paul W. Bischler Kathryn M. Farmer Paul W. Bischler President and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC and will be retained by Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 E-6 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 bni-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 bni-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 bni-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 bni-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 bni-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

