<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230207_10-K_edgar_data_1687065_0001477932-23-000786.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1599552</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>63071</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>335867</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>425604</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>319189</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>421795</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-000786.hdr.sgml : 20230207
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230206202753
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-000786
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		36
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20220831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230207
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			China WuYi Mountain, Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001687065
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOTTLED & CANNED SOFT DRINKS CARBONATED WATERS [2086]
		IRS NUMBER:				813433108
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-214276
		FILM NUMBER:		23592435

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1900 AVENUE OF THE STARS
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310.843.9300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1900 AVENUE OF THE STARS
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kokos Group Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161007

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-000786.txt : 20230207

10-K
 1
 chinawuyi_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

chinawuyi_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transaction period from ____ to ____ Commission File No. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , , Liaoning, (Address of principal executive offices, Zip Code) + - (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 1900 Avenue of the Stars, Los Angeles, CA 90067 (Former address, if changed since last report) State Agent and Transfer Syndicate Inc. 112 North Curry Street, Carson City, NV 89703-4934 1-800-253-1013 Name and address, including zip code and telephone number including area code, of agent for service) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: Common stock, (Title of each class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. N/A As of February 6, 2023, the Company has shares of common stock issued and outstanding CHINA WUYI MOUNTAIN, LTD. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I 4 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 4 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 6 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 6 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 6 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 6 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 6 PART II 7 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 7 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 7 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 8 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 10 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 10 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 11 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 11 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 12 PART III 13 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 13 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 13 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 15 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIP AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 17 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 17 PART IV 18 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 18 SIGNATURES 19 2 Table of Contents Use of Certain Defined Terms Except as otherwise indicated by the context, references in this report to China WuYi Mountain, Ltd. , we, us, our, our Company, Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical facts. Because they discuss future events or conditions, forward-looking statements may include words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, intend, could, should, would, may, seek, plan, might, will, expect, anticipate, predict, project, forecast, potential, continue negatives thereof or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, are based on various underlying assumptions and current expectations about the future and are not guarantees. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievement to be materially different from the results of operations or plans expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. We cannot predict all of the risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, such information should not be regarded as representations that the results or conditions described in such statements or that our objectives and plans will be achieved, and we do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K and include information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations, including statements about potential acquisition or merger targets; business strategies; future cash flows; financing plans; plans and objectives of management; any other statements regarding future acquisitions, future cash needs, future operations, business plans and future financial results, and any other statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, a change in events, conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or otherwise. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Business Overview We are an early-stage company with the intention to engage in the business of the production, distribution and marketing of bottled organic coconut water from bulk coconut water sourced from the Philippines and bottled in the United States. We currently have no product.The Company has not yet implemented its business model. We must raise cash to implement our strategy and stay in business. In the event we do not raise any proceeds, the Company s existing cash will not be sufficient to fund the expenses related to maintaining a reporting status and to implement its planned business. Accordingly, the Company intends to implement a different business plan. We have not earned any revenues to date. Our independent registered public accountant has issued an audit opinion which includes a statement expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 4 Table of Contents Corporate History Kokos Group Inc. was incorporated on July 26, 2016 under the laws of the State of Nevada. Jeoffrey Baterina has served as President and Chief Executive Officer, and Secretary of our company from July 26, 2016 to the October 19, 2017. On October 19, 2017 Mr. Lei Wang became its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and sole Director and Mr. Richard Rappaport was appointed Secretary. In addition, Mr. Baterina and Messrs. Flemming H.H. Hansen and Arthur T. Claravall submitted his resignations from all executive officer positions with the Company, including Chief Executive Officer and President effective October 19, 2017, and each submitted their resignation as a member of the Board. On January 18, 2018, Richard Rappaport submitted his resignation as Secretary of Kokos Group Inc. (the "Company"), effective immediately. On the same day, Ying Zhang was appointed Secretary. On November 10, 2017 the Board of directors and the majority of its shareholders of Kokos Group Inc., amended the Company s current Certificate of Incorporation in conformity with the applicable laws of the State of Nevada to change the name of the Company from Kokos Group Inc. to China Wu Yi Mountain Ltd. On May 24, 2018 FINRA approved the Company s corporate action changing the Company s name and trading symbol effective May 25, 2018. The Company has not yet implemented its business model. We must raise cash to implement our strategy and stay in business. In the event we do not raise any proceeds, the Company s existing cash will not be sufficient to fund the expenses related to maintaining a reporting status and to implement its planned business. Accordingly, the Company intends to implement a different business plan. The Company is investigating the possibility of changing its business model. Recent Developments Capital Stock The Company s capitalization is 200,000,000 common shares with a par value of 0.001 per share and 2,000,000 preferred shares with a par value of 0.001 per share. Total shares issued as of August 31, 2022 are 85,600,000 common shares and no preferred shares have been issued. On May 2, 2018, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with a China-based company, Grand Biotechnology Group Liaoning, (the authorized signor for Grand Biotechnology is a 4.9 shareholder of the Company), for the issuance of an aggregate of 20,000,000 shares of restricted common stock at 0.0075 per share for an aggregate purchase price of U.S. 150,000. On May 2, 2018, the Company issued 20,000,000 shares of restricted common stock. On May 15, 2018 the Company had received 100,000. As of August 31, 2022, the 50,000 unpaid stock purchased amount is recorded as Subscription receivable under stockholders deficit on the balance sheet. As of August 31, 2022, the Company has not granted any stock options and has not recorded any stock-based compensation. As of August 31, 2022, the Company issued 0 shares of preferred stock and 85,600,000 common shares are issued and outstanding. Employees On October 19, 2017 Mr. Lei Wang became its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and sole Director and Mr. Richard Rappaport was appointed Secretary. On January 18, 2018, Richard Rappaport submitted his resignation as Secretary of China WuYi (the "Company"), effective immediately. On the same day, Ying Zhang was appointed Secretary, effective immediately. 5 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable to a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES The Company does not own any real estate or other properties and has not entered into any long-term lease or rental agreements for property. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS There are no pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than 5 of any class of voting securities of the Company, or stockholder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 6 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information As of August 31, 2022, the Company had 12 shareholders of record. There is no established public trading market for the Company s common stock whose common stock is quoted under the symbol is WUYI. The Company has not paid cash dividends and has no outstanding options. On November 16, 2017 the Board of directors and the majority of its shareholders of Kokos Group Inc.., approved an amendment of the Company's current Certificate of Incorporation in conformity with the applicable laws of the State of Nevada to change the name of the Company from Kokos Group Inc. to China WuYi Mountain, Ltd. and change the symbol from KOKG to WUYI. On May 24, 2018 the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) approved the Corporate action. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA Not applicable to a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 7 Table of Contents ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect our future results. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. In addition to historical financial information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. See Forward-Looking Statements. Our results and the timing of selected events may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. Business Overview We are an early-stage company with the intention to engage in the business of the production, distribution and marketing of bottled organic coconut water from bulk coconut water sourced from the Philippine and bottled in the United States. We currently have no product. Coconut water contains a unique combination of B vitamins, vitamin C., micronutrients, and phyto-hormones that are exceptionally beneficial to your health. A scientific review of pure organic coconut water with no additives shows that it can help to prevent heart attacks; lower high blood pressure, has anti-aging effects, and fights free radicals to help prevent cancer. Our primary business objective is to produce, distribute and market and sell our core planned product organic coconut water under the brand name Koos Coconut Water, which is pure organic coconut water, with no additives. There is no need for the Company to purchase or otherwise obtain special equipment to manufacture, bottle, and label or pack its China WuYi Mountain, Ltd. proposed coconut water product. The Company plans to manufacture, bottle, label and pack its proposed Koos Coconut Water product under its as yet to be negotiate with a co-packing company, which has all such equipment. The Kokos Group Inc. plans to sell its proposed coconut water product in the following bottle sizes: 8oz and 16oz. The Company has not yet implemented its business model. We must raise cash to implement our strategy and stay in business. In the event we do not raise any proceeds, the Company s existing cash will not be sufficient to fund the expenses related to maintaining a reporting status and to implement its planned business. Accordingly, the Company intends to implement a different business plan. We have not earned any revenues to date. Our independent registered public accountant has issued an audit opinion which includes a statement expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Plan of Operations Our cash balance was 593 as of August 31, 2022. We believe our cash balance is not sufficient to fund our limited levels of operations for any period of time. We have been utilizing and may utilize funds from private placement and from unsecured loan from a shareholder controlling 19.25 of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock, who has informally agreed to advance funds to allow us to pay for offering costs, filing fees, and professional fees. However, has no formal commitment, arrangement or legal obligation to advance or loan funds to the company. In order to develop and begin to implement our business plan, we will need the funding from this offering. The Company has not yet implemented its business model. We must raise cash to implement our strategy and stay in business. In the event we do not raise any proceeds, the Company s existing cash will not be sufficient to fund the expenses related to maintaining a reporting status and to implement its planned business. Accordingly, the Company intends to implement a different business plan. 8 Table of Contents Going Concern Our auditor has indicated in their reports on our financial statements for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2022 and August 31, 2021, that conditions exist that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern due to our recurring losses from operations, stockholders deficit, and the need to raise additional capital to fund operations. A going concern opinion could impair our ability to finance our operations through the sale of debt or equity securities. Results of Operations Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2022 compared to the Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2021 We had no revenues for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2022 and 2021. Expenses for the year ended August 31, 2022 totaled 32,655 and net loss of 32,655 consisting primarily of 29,000 in professional fees; 1,140 in transfer agent expenses; 2,323 in filing fees; and bank services charges of 192. Expenses for the year ended August 31, 2021 totaled 30,634 and net loss of 30,634 consisting primarily of 26,891 in professional fees; 891 in transfer agent expenses; 2,660 in filing fees; and bank services charges of 192. The slight increase in expenses from fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2021 was due to the increase in professional fees, primarily accounting expenses. Capital Resources and Liquidity Our auditor s report on our August 31, 2022 financial statements expresses an opinion that substantial doubt exists as to whether we can continue as an ongoing business. Since our sole director maybe unwilling or unable to loan or advance us additional capital, we believe that if we do not raise additional capital over the next 12 months, we may be required to suspend or cease the implementation of our business plans. See August 31, 2022 Audited Financial Statements Auditors Report. As of August 31, 2022, we had 593 of cash compared to 785 of cash as of August 31, 2021. We anticipate that our current cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from financing activities will be insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements for the next 12 months. To date the Company has incurred operating losses since inception of 243,338. As at August 31, 2022, the Company has a working capital deficit of 118,247. The Company requires additional funding to meet its ongoing obligations and to fund anticipated operating losses. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on raising capital to fund its initial business plan and ultimately to attain profitable operations. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. We expect to incur marketing and professional and administrative expenses as well expenses associated with maintaining our filings with the Commission. We will require additional funds during this time and will seek to raise the necessary additional capital. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may be required to reduce the scope of our business development activities, which could harm our business plans, financial condition and operating results. Additional funding may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. The Company intends to continue to fund its business by way of equity or debt financing and advances from related parties. Any inability to raise capital as needed would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 9 Table of Contents If we cannot raise additional funds, we will have to cease business operations. As a result, investors in the Company s common stock would lose all of their investment. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements There are no off-balance sheet arrangements currently contemplated by management or in place that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the business, financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenue or expenses, result of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures and/or capital resources. Recent Accounting Pronouncements The Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not applicable to a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The full text of the Company's audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2022 and 2021, begins on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 10 Table of Contents CHINA WUYI MOUNTAIN, LTD. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS August 31, 2022 and 2021 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB Firm ID F-2 BALANCE SHEETS F-3 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS F-4 STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT F-5 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS F-6 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-7 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of China Wuyi Mountain Ltd.: Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of China Wuyi Mountain Ltd. the Company as of August 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended August 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended August 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Regarding Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has an accumulated and working capital deficit, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. February 6, 2023 F-2 Table of Contents CHINA WUYI MOUNTAIN, LTD. BALANCE SHEETS August 31, 2022 August 31, 2021 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts payable Due to related party (Note 5) TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Preferred stock, par value , authorized, -nil- issued and outstanding Common stock, par value par value, authorized shares issued and outstanding Subscription receivable Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents CHINA WUYI MOUNTAIN, LTD. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Year ended August 31, 2022 Year ended August 31, 2021 REVENUE EXPENSES Office and general Professional fees TOTAL EXPENSES Other Income NET LOSS LOSS PER COMMON SHARE BASIC AND DILUTED WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING BASIC AND DILUTED The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents CHINA WUYI MOUNTAIN, LTD. STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2022 AND 2021 Common Stock Additional Number of shares Amount Paid-in Capital Subscription Receivable Accumulated Deficit Total Balance, August 31, 2020 Net loss for the year ended August 31, 2021 - Balance, August 31, 2021 Net loss for the year ended August 31, 2022 - Balance, August 31, 2022 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents CHINA WUYI MOUNTAIN, LTD. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year ended August 31, 2022 Year ended August 31, 2021 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss for the period Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Expenses paid by related party Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses Accounts payables NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH CASH, BEGINNING CASH, ENDING SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION AND NONCASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES; Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income taxes The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents CHINA WUYI MOUNTAIN, LTD NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS August 31, 2022 . As at August 31, 2022, the Company has working capital deficit of . The Company requires additional funding to meet its ongoing obligations and to fund anticipated operating losses. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on raising capital to fund its initial business plan and ultimately to attain profitable operations. Accordingly, these factors raise substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company intends to continue to fund its business by way of private placements and advances from related parties as may be required. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. Use of Estimates and Assumptions Cash and Cash Equivalents Financial Instruments F-7 Table of Contents CHINA WUYI MOUNTAIN, LTD NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS August 31, 2022 NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) Income Taxes Stock-based Compensation Recent Accounting Pronouncements common shares with a par value of per share and preferred shares with a par value of per share. Total shares issued as of August 31, 2022 are common shares and no preferred shares have been issued. On May 2, 2018, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with a China-based company, Grand Biotechnology Group Liaoning, (the authorized signor for Grand Biotechnology is a shareholder of the Company), for the issuance of an aggregate of shares of restricted common stock at per share for an aggregate purchase price of . On May 2, 2018, the Company issued shares of restricted common stock. On May 15, 2018 the Company had received . As of August 31, 2022 and 2021, the unpaid stock purchased amount is recorded as Subscription receivable under stockholders equity on the balance sheet. As of August 31, 2022, the Company has not granted any stock options and has not recorded any stock-based compensation. F-8 Table of Contents CHINA WUYI MOUNTAIN, LTD NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS August 31, 2022 for 2021). As of August 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance of due to Century Acquisitions was and . The amounts due to the related party are unsecured and non- interest-bearing with no set terms of repayment. Income tax rate Income tax recovery Non-deductible Valuation allowance change Provision for income taxes The significant component of deferred income tax assets at August 31, 2022 and August 31, 2021, is as follows: Valuation allowance Net deferred income tax asset The amount taken into income as deferred income tax assets must reflect that portion of the income tax loss carry forwards that is more likely-than-not to be realized from future operations. The Company has chosen to provide a full valuation allowance against all available income tax loss carry forwards. The Company has recognized a valuation allowance for the deferred income tax asset since the Company cannot be assured that it is more likely than not that such benefit will be utilized in future years. The valuation allowance is reviewed annually. When circumstances change, and which cause a change in management's judgment about the realizability of deferred income tax assets, the impact of the change on the valuation allowance is generally reflected in current income. As of August 31, 2022, and August 31, 2021 the Company has no unrecognized income tax benefits. The Company s policy for classifying interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits is to include such items as tax expense. No interest or penalties have been recorded during the year ended August 31, 2022 and August 31, 2021 and no interest or penalties have been accrued as of August 31, 2022 and August 31, 2021. As of August 31, 2022, and August 31, 2021, the Company did not have any amounts recorded pertaining to uncertain tax positions. The tax years from 2016 and forward remain open to examination by federal and state authorities due to net operating loss and credit carryforwards. The Company is currently not under examination by the Internal Revenue Service or any other taxing authorities. . The amounts due to the related party are unsecured and non- interest-bearing with no set terms of repayment. These transactions increased the shareholder loan balance to , in the subsequent period. F-9 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISLCOSURES Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to management including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In connection with this annual report, as required by Rule 13a -15d and 15d-15e under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we have carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our company s disclosure controls and procedures. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our company s management, including our company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer. Based upon that evaluation, our company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that as of August 31, 2022 our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the existence of material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s Principal Executive and Principal Financial officer and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that: 1. Pertains to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and disposition of assets; 2. Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and receipts and expenditures are being made in accordance with authorizations of management and directors; and 3. Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in SEC guidance on conducting such assessments as of the end of the period covered by this report. Management conducted the assessment based on certain criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. As of August 31, 2022, management determined material weaknesses occurred over our internal control over financial reporting as discussed below. 11 Table of Contents The matters involving internal controls and procedures that the Company s management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company's board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; (3) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (4) ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. Due to these material weaknesses management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of August 31, 2022. Material Weakness Discussion and Remediation Management believes that the material weaknesses set forth in items (2), (3) and (4) above did not have an effect on the Company's previous reported financial results. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company's board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures can result in the Company's determination to its financial statements for the future periods. We are committed to improving our financial organization. As part of this commitment, we will create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to the Company: i) Appointing one or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed to the audit committee of the Company resulting in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; and ii) Preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists which will set forth procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. Management believes that the appointment of one or more outside directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company's Board. In addition, management believes that preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists will remedy the following material weaknesses (i) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (ii) ineffective controls over period end financial close and reporting processes. Further, management believes that the hiring of additional personnel who have the technical expertise and knowledge will result proper segregation of duties and provide more checks and balances within the department. Additional personnel will also provide the cross training needed to support the Company if personnel turn over issues within the department occur. This coupled with the appointment of additional outside directors will greatly decrease any control and procedure issues the company may encounter in the future. We will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. This annual report does not include an attestation report of the company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act that occurred during the small business issuer's last fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. 12 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Our executive officers and director are as follows: Name Age Position Lei Wang 59 President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors Ying Zhang 51 Secretary On October 19, 2017, Lei Wang was appointed as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, sole Director, and Richard Rappaport was appointed Secretary, each effective October 19, 2017.On January 18, 2018, Richard Rappaport submitted his resignation as Secretary of China WuYi Mountain, Ltd. (formerly Kokos Group Inc.) (the "Company"), effective immediately. On the same day, Ying Zhang was appointed Secretary, effective immediately. Business Experience - Current Officer and Directors Lei Wang Chief Executive Officer and Director Mr. Wang has served as the general manager of Wuyishan Tongtai Tea Industry Co., Ltd. since February 2010. Mr. Wang served as a member of the armed forces in China from February 1979 to February 1983 following his primary and secondary school education. After serving four years in the army, he worked in the tourism industry in Wuyi Mountain, Fujian Province, China. Mr. Wang was one of the pioneers in the tourism industry of Wuyi Mountain. He has unique insight into the tourism development and prospect of Wuyi Mountain, including the planting, production and marketing of Wuyi Mountain tea. Ying Zhang Secretary Ying Zhang has served as a Director of Wuyi Mountain Co., since 2017. Previously, she was the COO of Shenzhen E.C Fashion Company between 2011 and 2015, and the Manager of China Minsheng Bank, between 2015-2017 Manager. Director Independence Our board of directors is currently composed of one member, Mr. Lei Wang who does not qualify as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our board of directors has not made a subjective determination as to each director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Our board of directors has not made these determinations, our board of directors have reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. Involvement in Legal Proceedings To our knowledge, there have been no material legal proceedings during the last ten years that would require disclosure under the federal securities laws that are material to an evaluation of the ability or integrity of any of our directors or executive officers. Potential Conflicts of Interest We are not aware of any current or potential conflicts of interest with our former officers and directors Lei Wang and our secretary Ying Zhang other business interests and his involvement with China WuYi Mountain, Ltd. or our current Officer and Directors of Mr. Lei Wang. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Summary Compensation Table China WuYi Mountain, Ltd.., has made no provisions for paying cash or non-cash compensation to its sole officer and director. No salaries are being paid at the present time, and none will be paid unless and until our operations generate sufficient cash flows. The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named executive officer for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the period from August 31, 2020 through August 31, 2022. 13 Table of Contents Summary Compensation of Named Executive Officers Name and Principal Position Fiscal Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Lei Wang 2022 - - - - - 0 President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer 2022 - - - - - 0 Lei Wang 2021 - - - - - 0 Ying Zhang Secretary 2022 - - - - - 0 Ying Zhang - Secretary 2021 - - - - - 0 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End We did not pay any salaries in 2022 or 2021. None of our executive officers received any equity awards, including, options, restricted stock, performance awards or other equity incentives during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022 and August 31, 2021 for China WuYi Mountain, Ltd. E mployment Contracts At this time, China WuYi Mountain, Ltd. has not entered into any employment agreements with its sole officer and director. If there is sufficient cash flow available from our future operations, the company may enter into employment agreements with our sole officer and director or future key staff members. Stock Awards Plan The company has not adopted a Stock Awards Plan but may do so in the future. The terms of any such plan have not been determined. 14 Table of Contents Director Compensation The Board of Directors of the Company has not adopted a stock option plan. The company has no plans to adopt it but may choose to do so in the future. If such a plan is adopted, this may be administered by the board or a committee appointed by the board (the Committee ). The committee would have the power to modify, extend or renew outstanding options and to authorize the grant of new options in substitution therefore, provided that any such action may not impair any rights under any option previously granted. China WuYi Mountain, Ltd., may develop an incentive-based stock option plan for its officers and directors and may reserve up to 10 of its outstanding shares of common stock for that purpose. The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our directors for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the period from August 31, 2021 through August 31, 2022. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Lei Wang 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Board Committees We have not a Compensation Committee or Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee as of the filing of this Annual Report. Our Board of Directors performs the principal functions of an Audit Committee. We currently do not have an audit committee financial expert on our Board of Directors. We believe that an audit committee financial expert is not required because the cost of hiring an audit committee financial expert to act as one of our directors and to be a member of an Audit Committee outweighs the benefits of having an audit committee financial expert at this time. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities by (i) each director and named executive officer, (ii) all executive officers and directors as a group; and (iii) each shareholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of the outstanding common stock of the Company as of August 31, 2022. 15 Table of Contents Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Generally, a person is considered to beneficially own securities: (i) over which such person, directly or indirectly, exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, and (ii) of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days (such as through exercise of stock options or warrants). For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares held by each person or group of persons, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of August 31, 2022 are deemed to be outstanding but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Common Stock (1) Directors, Officers and Shareholders No. of Shares of Class Lei Wang President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors; 60 Chong An Island Road, Wuyishan City, Fujian Province, China- 20,038,000 23.41 Century Acquisitions shareholder-( formerly WP Acquisition Company, LLC., )1900 Ave. of the Stars, Suite 310, Los Angeles, CA 90067 16,480,000 19.25 Grand Biotechnology Group,- shareholder- Liaoning, No. 14 Honglin Road, Linsheng Town, Sujiatun District, Liaoning Province, Shenyang, China 20,000,000 23.36 All officers. directors and shareholders as a group 56,518,000 66.02 (1) Based on 85,600,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of August 31, 2022. (2) On October 19, 2017, Jeoffrey C. Baterina, our previous President, Chief Executive Officer, director and majority shareholder, entered into stock purchase agreements (the "Purchase Agreements") for the sale of an aggregate of 40,000,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company, representing approximately 61 of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company as of such date, to nine (9) non-U.S. accredited investors, including Mr. Lei Wang who acquired 20,038,00 shares, or approximately 30.54 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock, and two U.S. accredited investors, including WP Acquisition Company, LLC who acquired 16,480,000 shares, or approximately 25.12 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock. The Purchase Agreements were fully executed and delivered on October 19, 2017. The new shareholders other than Lei Wang and WP Acquisition Company, LLC each acquired less than 5 of the outstanding shares. Consequently, Lei Wang and WP Acquisition Company, LLC are now collectively able to unilaterally control the election of our board of directors, all matters upon which shareholder approval is required and, ultimately, the direction of our Company. (3) WP Acquisitions Company, LLC., changed its name to Century Acquisitions. 16 Table of Contents ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIP AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. Transactions with Related Persons During the period ended August 31, 2022, Century Acquisitions (major shareholder of the Company) paid expenses on behalf of the Company of 32,760 38,512 for 2020). As of August 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance of due to Century Acquisitions was 117,521 and 84,761. The amounts due to the related party are unsecured and non- interest-bearing with no set terms of repayment. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. Fees paid to Auditors Audit Fees The aggregate fees billed for the two most recently completed fiscal years for professional services rendered by our independent auditor, for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal periods were as follows: Year Ended August 31, 2022 Year Ended August 31, 2021 Audit Fees 15,000 16,000 Audit-Related Fees Nil Nil Tax Fees Nil Nil All Other Fees Nil Nil Total 15,000 16,000 17 Table of Contents The SEC requires that before our independent registered public accounting firm is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit related service, the engagement be either: (i) approved by our Audit Committee or (ii) entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the Audit Committee, provided that the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service, the Audit Committee is informed of each service, and such policies and procedures do not include delegation of the Audit Committee s responsibilities to management. As of date of this filing the Company does not have an Audit Committee. Our Board pre-approves all services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. All of the above services and fees paid during 2022 were pre-approved by our Board. PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES Please see the Exhibit Index, which is incorporated herein by reference, following the signature page for a list of our exhibits. 18 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. China WuYi Mountain, Ltd. Dated: February 6, 2023 By: /s/ Lei Wang Lei Wang President and Director Principal Executive Officer Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Date /s/ Lei Wang February 6, 2023 Lei Wang President and Director Principal Executive Officer Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer 19 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX 3.1 Articles of Incorporation [1] 3.2 By-Laws Inc. [2] 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) of the Securities Act of 1934 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) of the Securities Act of 1934 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Executive Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) [1] Incorporated by reference from the Company s S-1 filed with the Commission on October 27, 2016. [2] Incorporated by reference from the Company s S-1 filed with the Commission on October 17, 2016. Included in Exhibit 31.1 Included in Exhibit 32.1 20 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 chinawuyi_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 chinawuyi_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Lei Wang, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of China WuYi Mountain Ltd.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. China WuYi Mountain, Ltd. Dated: February 6, 2023 By: /s/ Lei Wang Lei Wang President and Director Principal Executive Officer Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 chinawuyi_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 chinawuyi_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Lei Wang, President and Chief Executive Officer of China WuYi Mountain, Ltd., hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. the annual report on Form 10-K of China WuYi Mountain, Ltd. for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of China WuYi Mountain, Ltd.. China WuYi Mountain, Ltd. Dated: February 6, 2023 By: /s/ Lei Wang Lei Wang President and Director Principal Executive Officer Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 chinawuyi-20220831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 chinawuyi-20220831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 chinawuyi-20220831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 chinawuyi-20220831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

