<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230320_10-K_edgar_data_1817004_0001493152-23-008161.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7040099</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>177617</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2019566</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1702742</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1408033</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1595865</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-008161.hdr.sgml : 20230320
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230317190225
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-008161
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230320
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EzFill Holdings Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001817004
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-AUTO DEALERS & GASOLINE STATIONS [5500]
		IRS NUMBER:				834260623
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40809
		FILM NUMBER:		23744433

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2125 BISCAYNE BLVD
		STREET 2:		#309
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33137
		BUSINESS PHONE:		305-791-1169

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2125 BISCAYNE BLVD
		STREET 2:		#309
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33137

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-008161.txt : 20230320

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from [____] to [____] 

Commission
file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
Telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol (s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange On Which Registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Indicate
by check mark if the registered is a well-known seasonal issuer, as defined in Rule 405 the Securities Act Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the last 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by a check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the closing price of the registrant s
common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market on June 30, 2022, was . 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date. 

As
of March 10, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, were outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 
 4 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 12 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 19 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 
 19 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 19 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 19 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 20 

Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 20 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 20 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 23 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 25 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 42 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 42 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 42 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 43 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 43 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 43 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 43 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 43 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 44 

2 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
annual report contains forward-looking statements and information within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
or the Exchange Act, which are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. These forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, statements concerning our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues, projected
costs, prospects and plans and objectives of management. The words anticipates, believes, estimates, 
 expects, intends, may, plans, projects, will, would 
and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these
identifying words. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and
you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans,
intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements that we make. These forward-looking statements involve risks
and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including, without
limitation, the risks set forth in our filings with the SEC. The forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date on which
they are made, and we do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 

As
used in this report, the terms EzFill we , us , our and Company mean
EzFill Holdings, Inc. and/or our subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated. 

3 

PART
1 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

EzFill
is a leading on-demand fuel delivery company in Florida and the only mobile fueling company that combines on-demand fills and subscription
services which fill customer vehicles on routine intervals. The emergence of the digital technology, GPS-Based / On-Demand consumer deliveries,
and the sharp increase in home delivery of products and services during the COVID-era are trends expected to continue in the post-COVID
economy. The increased adoption rate of such at home or at work delivery of products and services has become
the method both individual and commercial customers prefer. 

EzFill
 provides customers in Florida the ability to have fuel delivered to their vehicles (cars, trucks, and specialty vehicles) without
 having to leave the comfort of their home, office, and job site. EzFill s app-based platform conveniently brings the gas station
 to customers with a growing fleet of EzFill-branded, Mobile Fueling Trucks. EzFill s business verticals align to the high-use,
 high demand cases in vehicle operations. These are; individual CONSUMERS, COMMERCIAL entities and SPECIALTY vehicle
 markets. 

An
 EzFill Mobile Delivery Truck 

For CONSUMERS, EzFill services individual consumer customers directly at their residences or places of work.
 In the consumer vertical, EzFill customers sign-up for EzFill services individually, or as part of employer which offer discounted
 EzFill services to their employees as an employee benefit while at work at offices, in office parks or on-job locations. Fuel deliveries
 are completed at optimal times during the day for at work customers or at night for residential deliveries. 

In
 the COMMERCIAL vertical, EzFill provides vital fuel delivery services to commercial fleets of delivery trucks, rental cars,
 livery operators, and job sites. Deliveries for the commercial vertical are completed during down-times, when the majority of commercial
 vehicles are at designated locations. This method also allows EzFill to complete multiple fills at once, while providing the commercial
 customers the benefit of a fleet of fueled vehicles ready for operations on any given morning. 

In
 the SPECIALTY vertical, EzFill adapts to each market based on the type of vehicles that can benefit from at location 
 fuel delivery. In EzFill s home market, Florida, their specialty vertical services hundreds of boat owners at
 the marinas at which they are docked. EzFill s specialty market also includes equipment rental companies, construction job
 sites, agricultural operations, motorsports events and recreational vehicle grounds. 

EzFill
Model Resolving Pain Points in the Consumer and Commercial Fuel Customer Markets 

EzFill s
experience in this market indicates that the legacy gas station model is ripe for disruption specifically by a model which works to address
major issues with the status of the industry, such as: 

Convenience.
 People find going to the gas station inconvenient. Leaving the house, a little late in the morning on an empty tank means coming
 late to the office or stopping for gas on your way home after a long day. This number does not include the time it takes to drive
 to and from the gas station. Our solution saves our customers time and shaves time off of our customers commutes to and
 from work. Our Mobile Fueling Truck brings a convenient fueling solution that we expect to disrupt the current industry by saving
 our customers time and helping them to avoid the stress of not having a full tank of gas. 

4 

Fleet
 Driver Expense. When fleet managers send their vehicles to the gas station to fill up, they are paying for: (i) the driver to
 take the vehicle to the gas station; (ii) the gas the vehicle consumes on the way to and from the gas station; (iii) wear and tear
 on the vehicle being driven to the gas station; and (iv) indirectly the downtime for the vehicle being driven to the gas station,
 which usually will be during the regular working day due to the fact that an employee must take the vehicle there. When fleet managers
 use EzFill, they only pay for gas, and we fill up the vehicles after hours so there is no downtime during the regular working day. 

Fleet
 Driver Fraud. Research conducted by Fleet News confirmed the 64 of fleets have been the victims of fuel theft or fuel fraud.
 According to a survey conducted by Shell, 93 of fleet managers think that some of their drivers are committing fraudulent activity
 and 41 of fleet managers think that more than 10 of their drivers are committing fraudulent activity. According to Shell s
 research, 48 of fleet managers think that improving practices to tackle fraud could reduce a fleet s fuel spend by more than
 5 and 14 of fleet managers believe it would reduce fuel spend by more than 10 . EzFill s solution tackles fraud head on by
 taking the drivers out of the equation. EzFill brings the gas directly to our customers fleets and reduces the risk of driver related
 fuel fraud. 

Operating
 Costs. The rising cost of real estate in major metros, over the past couple of years has caused many gas stations to close their
 doors, leaving major cities without significant competition, which could lead to higher local gas prices. According to data provided
 by Fueleconomy.gov there were 168,000 gas stations in 2004, compared to just 115,000 gas stations reported by marketwatch.com in
 February 2020 (a 31 drop). EzFill s App-based approach lowers our underlying costs and allows us to offer gas with competitive
 pricing in each zip code in which we operate. 

Safety
 Concerns. Gas stations have a reputation of being unsafe locations. This reputation developed due to the many robberies and assaults
 that occur at gas stations. According to FBI crime data, over the past five years 1.3 of all violent crimes occurred at gas stations.
 Violent crimes such as robberies and assaults are commonplace at gas stations because often, customer s need to exit their
 vehicles in remote and secluded areas, at late hours, with improper lighting and security at the location. EzFill s Mobile
 Fueling Trucks address these safety issues by bringing the gas to the consumer, who, from the comfort of their home or office can
 order a fill-up via our App without even going outdoors. The customer simply needs to place the order and leave the gas tank access
 open on their vehicle. 

Fraud
 Concerns. Gas stations are hubs for fraud issues. These issues primarily emanate from gas stations employing mostly old-fashioned
 magnetic strip credit card readers. Gas stations experience hundreds of millions of dollars in credit card fraud annually. According
 to the Florida Department of Agriculture, more than 1500 skimmers were found at Florida gas stations in 2019. A study from FICO,
 found that fraud from credit card skimmers is increasing at a rate of 10 per year. The US Secret Service reports finding between
 20 and 30 credit card skimmers at gas pumps, per week. EzFill s platform does not store any customer credit card data and uses
 the latest in credit card processing technology to verify cards and secure customers payments to ensure authenticity of purchases. 

Addressing
 Environmental Concerns. We can never eliminate our environmental exposure completely. However, by delivering fuel to areas with
 high vehicle density, we are lowering the environmental impact by reducing the number of separate trips our customers make to refuel
 their vehicles. Since EzFill sources direct from oil companies on a daily basis, we have a very high turnover of inventory and do
 not store our fuel in underground tanks. All our tanks go through a rigorous annual inspection, plus they are visually inspected
 before and after every shift to ensure proper fuel storage and no loss of vapors. A rapid turnover of inventory and daily tank inspections
 are not available for underground tanks used by retail gas stations. 

5 

Sanitary
 and Touchless . According to a study conducted by the Kymberly Clark Group, the gas station pump handle is the dirtiest surface
 Americans touch on their way to work. Also, according to a recent study conducted by busbudy.com, gas station pumps have 11,000 times
 more bacteria than the common household toilet seat, while pump station buttons contain 15,000 times more. In addition to being germ
 and bacteria infested, a recent article by njtvonline.org highlighted the near impossibility of social distancing at self-service
 gas stations, further exacerbating the health risks of going to the gas station. Proper social distancing is required to help stop
 the spread of Covid-19. Our service is a sanitary and touch free way for our customers to get gas. We believe our service eliminates
 one of the dirtiest and most unhealthy places from our customers once mandatory to-do list. 

Our
Product Offerings 

We
provide gas delivery via our Mobile Fueling Trucks in the greater South Florida area as well as in the West Palm Beach, Jacksonville,
Tampa, and Orlando areas, and expect to soon begin fueling in other areas in Florida. Our goal is to service all our customers across
all our lines of business at predictable locations during vehicle downtimes. Our fleet currently includes 24 Mobile Fueling Trucks that
we utilize to deliver fuel directly to our customers. We have three major lines of business and to our knowledge we are the only company
in the space which fuels all three verticals: 

1. 
 SERVICING
 CONSUMERS AT HOME AND AT WORK 

We
offer residential fueling services to customers who can request a fuel delivery through our app and have fuel delivered directly to their
vehicle, from the comfort of their home or apartment building , while they go about their night. We offer convenient weekly schedules
to our residential customers, so they can live with the comfort of knowing that they will never be without a full tank of gas when they
need it. Additionally, because of our lower operational costs, our competitive pricing keeps our residential customers from having to
travel out of their neighborhood for lower gas prices. Our residential customers currently pay a delivery fee or they have the option
to pay a monthly subscription for unlimited deliveries. We currently offer delivery to residential customers in Miami-Dade, Broward,
and Palm Beach counties, as well as the Tampa area. Our service is a great new amenity for condominiums, which has been widely used by
residents of the buildings we service and has been enhancing residents experience. 

Through
entering agreements with local and national businesses, we work directly with businesses HR departments to offer employee perks, and
fuel employees cars while they are working . This is a new and creative benefit for employers to offer, enabling their employees
to have their cars filled, stress free. Additionally, we work directly with the landlords of corporate office parks to bring the amenity
of EzFill to their tenants. Our corporate employee fueling is currently done at competitive prices with no delivery fee. Our corporate
office park solution offers benefits to employers and EzFill. Benefits to employers include: (i) a new perk to offer their employees;
and (ii) happier employees who do not have to waste precious time going to the gas station. Benefits to EzFill include: (i) multiple
deliveries at one location creates efficiencies and cuts operating costs; (ii) the employers serve as influencers which
reduces our marketing costs for each location; and (iii) push-marketing by the employers also results in more residential consumer fills. 

2. 
 SERVICING
 COMMERCIAL ENTITIES 

We
partner with and offer national and local businesses who operate fleets an alternative solution for fueling their fleet to reduce the
businesses operational costs and improve fleet efficiency. Our solution for fleets helps businesses: (i) save money spent on expensive
gas stations; (ii) save money on paying employees to go to gas stations; (iii) eliminate unnecessary wear and tear to Company fleet vehicles
on trips to the gas station; (iv) better monitor their gas consumption; (v) eliminate employee mistakes (putting regular gas into a diesel
engine); and (vi) prevent theft by employees (customers have reported instances where it was months before they realized their employee
was making unauthorized charges on their fleet card). 

We
fuel fleets at night, so they are ready to go the next day. This way, drivers stay on the road when and where they are needed most, instead
of spending idle time at a gas station. EzFill also reduces a driver s Off Route Time, saving a company money as well as wear and
tear on the company vehicles. The technology provided, including a customized Dashboard, monitors the fleet and simplifies invoicing
for every customer. 

The
cost analysis makes this point even greater especially when taking in to account that EzFill s prices are competitive with the
local gas station. 

6 

3. 
 SERVICING
 SPECIALTY MARKETS 

EzFill
delivers fuel directly to other, market-specific personal and commercial vehicles. In our home market, the prevalence of boats and boat
owners was the first specialty market we developed, particular to the south Florida area which is the base of our services. Marina gas
stations are some of the highest priced in the country. We offer low prices and pre-scheduling so our marine customers can get affordable
fuel whenever they need it. The same is true for the markets which we have targeted to enter. In these markets we find similar, market-specific
vehicles which our future customers use for; construction or agricultural purposes, personal or recreational vehicle use, motorsports,
or other sporting events where a large concentration of vehicles can be serviced at specific locations. 

Customers 

In
addition to our individual, residential customers, we also have structured relationships with property management companies and builders
who co-market our services as a benefit to their residents and allow our trucks to enter their communities to fill vehicle owners at
their single-family homes, condominiums, or apartments. Employers who have offered at-work fueling as a corporate perk have included Ryder,
Norwegian Cruise Lines, Carnival Cruise Lines, Royal Caribbean, Telemundo, Loreal, Y Green, and more. Our services are very flexible,
and our residential customers do not have to sign any long-term commitments with us and can decide not to use our service whenever they
choose. 

Our
commercial vertical has serviced the fleets for many national and local businesses, such as a leading national delivery company, a leading
national grocer, a leading OEM, Enterprise, Telemundo, Easy Scripts and Air Around the Clock 

In
our specialty market vertical, we service hundreds of boats at various marinas across Miami-Dade and Broward Counties, as well as boats
at customers homes and recently began serving marine customers in the Tampa area. We are a preferred delivery partner for a mobile
application with thousands of boat-owner users. We have recently begun developing this line of business and it is growing, mostly through
existing customer outreach and strategic partnerships with marinas. 

Software
Systems, IT, User Interface and Experience 

Our
software systems provide us logistical and cost saving efficiencies that allow us to forecast the need for truckloads of fuel to effectively
service clusters of customers in a specific area or zip code. At the front end of our system, we employ an app-based approach that provides
all our customers with an easy-to-engage user interface and ordering system. Customers are able to select the times and locations of
their on-demand or routinely scheduled fills and manage their account on their mobile device and in the future on a computer browser
via our customer portal. 

On
the back end of our system, we have built a proprietary admin control dashboard where we aggregate customer orders based on their location
and expected gallon demand for their vehicles. The aggregation of customer orders based on these variables triggers a truckload fill
of one of our mobile tankers designated for each of the customer orders our system generates. 

Our
software and IT systems have been developed and customized in-house to provide cost-saving efficiencies which produce higher margins
than traditional, gas station fuel margins. 

We
are planning to expand our software capabilities with a routing system built from the ground up specific for the on-demand business EzFill
runs. This system will use AI and machine learning algorithms that will, among other things, automatically generate outbound fill
reminder communications to customers based on their recorded usage amounts and time intervals. Collecting this data allows us
to be reactive with our customers instead of proactive. 

7 

Our
Mobile Application 

The
EzFill Mobile Application has been designed for iPhone and Android devices with our customers and convenience in mind. The goal when
building the app was to order gas in four easy steps. 

Sign
Up: The EzFill App provides a quick and easy registration process. 

Profile
Management: The EzFill App provides easy profile management where users can seamlessly update personal information, such as: vehicle
details and location, this way we are able to provide the best services to our customers. 

Location
Sharing: This feature enables our customers to simply drop a pin at their location on an integrated map which lets our driver know
where to deliver the fuel. 

Wallet:
 A central location for updating payment methods, redeem promo codes and earning free credits by referring friends, family, and colleagues. 

Request
Fuel Delivery: The EzFill App lets our customers pick the type and quantity of fuel to be delivered in addition to the time and date
of availability. 

Weekly
Delivery Schedule: The EzFill App also enables our customers to preschedule weekly deliveries, on a specific day of the week. This
feature enables our customers to request their delivery for a specific time window, this ensures they can schedule their fill up at convenient
times when they would be busy attending other tasks and their car is idle. 

Push
Notifications: The EzFill App has a push notification feature. This allows us to keep customers informed of all the activities associated
with the service they have requested. We also use it to keep our customers updated with recent offers and discounts, which helps to boost
customer satisfaction and promotes our business. 

Transaction
History: The EzFill App offers our customers the ability to always view their transaction history. This gives our customers an option
to check the previous fuel delivery requests and bills. 

Loyalty:
 We plan on soon rolling out our new EzFill Unlimited Loyalty Program. We believe that a loyalty program will allow our customers
to remain sticky while strengthening the relationship with our brand. 

Our
Market Opportunity 

Information
provided by Statista indicates that there are about 275 million registered cars in the United States as of 2018. According to the US
Energy Information Administration, as of May 2022 there was an average of approximately 39 million fill-ups per day. According to Statista.com,
in 2021, US gas stations produced revenues of roughly 583 billion dollars. EzFill wants to take advantage of the growing number of US
drivers and the dwindling number of gas stations by bringing the gas directly to the consumers. We feel that our service is years in
the making and solves many problems posed by the legacy gas station. EzFill presents a new way for Americans to get gas: at home, at
the office, wherever, on demand. 

The
on-demand market continues to grow. According to a study conducted by rockresearch.com, in 2019 the on-demand market was 110 billion,
growing by 18 from the previous year (according to PwC research that number is expected to grow to 335 billion by 2025). The same study
by rockresearch.com indicates that participation in the on-demand market has tripled since 2016, with an estimated 64+ million consumers
purchasing on-demand goods or services. EzFill believes that the on-demand market will continue to grow and expand into new areas, such
as the gasoline market. 

8 

We
believe our market opportunity is to expand into major MSAs across the continental U.S. with sufficient concentration of business and
residential customers. We want to be in locations where people rely heavily on their personal cars to get places. Based on our research,
we have identified several major MSAs across the U.S that would be attractive for expansion. 

As
we expand to a new market, we plan to employ a strategy that has helped us build a strong base of business in our existing market. The
strategy we developed begins with sales in our fleet category, preferably a larger anchor tenant, to build a base of business in the
target city, while developing and strengthening our delivery operations. Next, after launch, we build outwards from our anchor tenant
and depot to secure corporate and landlord agreements which will allow us to begin marketing our services to their employees and tenants.
These agreements include fueling at large office parks during daytime hours and fueling at residential buildings during nighttime hours. 

We
generate business through establishing corporate and landlord partnerships, we then leverage companies internal communication
channels to market directly to their employees or residential tenants. By implementing our digital marketing campaigns as well as placement
of our content throughout residential and corporate facilities, we are able to develop greater brand awareness. We coordinate with our
partners to set up organic marketing efforts and on-site activations with our brand ambassadors to help increase recognition and assist
users with downloading the app and setting up their accounts. 

Our
Growth Strategy 

Our
strategy is to leverage our established business relationships and generate organic methods of acquiring new markets. This has given
us significant brand recognition by the consumer and has enabled us to acquire competitor territories. As we continue to develop our
business relationships and expand our geographic footprint in Florida, our goal is to open in new markets along the east coast. 

EzFill s
current focus is on expanding its geographic footprint. We aim to open in new markets along the east coast in the future both organically
and through acquisitions of existing companies in the space. We make our expansion decisions based off research into optimal target markets
where public transportation is less prevalent, leading to more residents owning cars and the areas where a demand for lifestyle improving
technology is present. We also consider State/City/County regulations when assessing new areas to expand into. We are targeting high
potential locations with the least regulations on mobile fuel delivery. 

EzFill
currently has strategic partnerships with businesses across industries such as property management, parking solutions services, travel
industry, delivery industry, transportation and logistics, marinas, and other diversified business sectors . By establishing these
strategic business-to-business relationships, we are able to offer cost effective business solutions, whether through human resource
departments as employee perks, optimization of efficiency for fleet companies, or tenant satisfaction by adding amenities. 

EzFill
believes a strategic partnership with a major oil company will help with our expansion by enabling us to lower cost and attract a larger
customer base by selling branded gasoline. However, there cannot be any assurance that EzFill will be able to obtain such a strategic
partnership. The oil companies Exxon and Shell are both in the mobile fuel delivery space though investments in mobile fueling companies. 

9 

Technology
License Agreement 

On
April 7, 2021, the Company entered into a Technology License Agreement with Fuel Butler LLC Fuel Butler or Licensor ),
under which the Company licensed certain proprietary technology. Under the terms of the license, the Company issued 265,728 shares of
its common stock to the Licensor upon signing. The Company also issued 332,160 shares to the Licensor in May 2021 upon the filing of
a patent application related to the licensed technology. Upon completion of the Company s IPO, 186,010 shares were issued to the
Licensor. The Company will issue up to 730,752 additional shares to the Licensor upon the achievement of certain milestones. In addition,
the Company has granted stock options for 531,456 shares at an exercise price of 3.76 per share that will become exercisable for three
years after the end of the fiscal year in which certain sales levels are achieved using the licensed technology. The Company has the
option for four years after the achievement of certain milestones to either acquire the technology or acquire the Licensor for the purchase
price of 1,062,913 of its common shares. Until the Company exercise one of these options, it will share with the Licensor 50 of pre-revenue
costs and 50 of the net revenue, as defined, from the use of the technology. 

Under
the Technology Agreement, the Company licenses proprietary technology that it believes will enable the Company to expand its services
into certain highdensity areas like New York City. The Company does not expect any significant revenue from this agreement in 2023.
Fuel Butler has delivered a purported notice of termination of the Technology Agreement based on certain alleged breaches arising from
our failure to issue equity securities to Fuel Butler. We have been in communications with Fuel Butler regarding the termination of the
Technology Agreement and continue to believe that the Company is in compliance with the Technology Agreement and that the Technology
Agreement continues to be in force. While we contest Fuel Butler s claims of breach and contend that in fact Fuel Butler is in
breach, we have communicated to Fuel Butler that we wish to terminate the Technology Agreement. We have sent a proposal to Fuel Butler
whereby we will cease utilizing the Technology and Fuel Butler will return any shares it received under the Technology Agreement. However,
to date, the Company has not had further communications with Fuel Butler regarding this matter. Currently, the Company does not expect
to expand into the state of New York for the foreseeable future. 

Competition 

EzFill
is a mobile fuel delivery service and competes with other local fuel delivery companies and gas stations. We differentiate ourselves
by allowing our customers to request our service via a mobile app and delivering the fuel directly to the end user. We use our innovative
technology and excellent concierge service to offer convenient fueling solutions to all our vertical markets at different times of the
day to maximize the efficiency of each mobile fueling truck. 

 We
distinguish ourselves from our competitors by: 

Prioritizing
 our customer s experience and satisfaction; 

Streamlining
 our customers ordering experience; 

Rigorously
 vetting and training our drivers; 

Providing
 the latest in scheduling, GPS technology, and payment systems; 

Offering
 competitive pricing in the zip codes which we service; 

Providing
 all our customers with certified, accurate reports and detailed invoices. 

Though
the electric vehicle industry is growing, we do not consider this relatively new subsegment of the vehicle market a threat to our business
model or growth trajectory. The vast majority of vehicles are gas or diesel powered and the entire fuel industry is a major component
of the economy. According to Inside Climate News, less than 5 of the vehicles sold in the U.S. in 2020 were electric vehicles. 

Additionally,
the continued growth of the electric vehicle industry means more and more traditional gas stations are closing because of: (i) high overhead
because of rising real-estate prices; (ii) lack of demand due to electric vehicle adoption; and (iii) their inability to fuel vehicles
outside of their station. Our mobile fueling solution allows us to service many zip codes with one truck, so if sales slowdown in one
area we are able to transition seamlessly to areas with higher demand. 

Government
Regulation 

Our
industry has certain government regulations, EzFill is dedicated to ensuring that we are always operating in a way that is in compliance
with all applicable regulations. 

1. 
 DOT/Hazmat
 Registration : Our company is required to be registered with the Department of Transportation to transport and dispense hazardous
 materials. EzFill as a company is registered to transport and dispense hazardous material. 

10 

2. 
 Weights
 and Measures : In order to ensure the accuracy of our fuel sales to customers, our fuel meters and registers have to be calibrated
 and certified by the Florida Department of Agriculture. EzFill s fuel meters and registers have been calibrated and certified
 by the Department of Agriculture to be a fuel retailer. 

3. 
 CDL
 Licensing with Hazmat Endorsement : Drivers are required to have a Commercial Driver s License with a Hazmat endorsement
 in order to operate the Mobile Fueling Trucks. All of our drivers have their Commercial Driver s License with the Hazmat endorsement. 

Our
operations may also be subject to local fire marshal regulations, which varies in the different cities and counties. EzFill keeps up
to date on the local regulations in each of the locations it operates and does ample research into local regulations before opening in
any new location. 

The
costs of compliance includes general liability insurance, workman s comp. insurance, vehicle insurance, meters and registers maintenance
for yearly inspection, vehicle maintenance for yearly inspection, hazmat permits and licensing, safety procedures and equipment, emergency
response team, and live safety monitoring system. 

Our
safety protocol includes: 

Training 

 Management
oversight 

 Live
tracking 24-7 

 Safety
spill kits 

 Automatic
pump shut off system 

 24-7
800# support line 

We
have implemented a safety protocol and monitoring system that allows us to operate at maximum efficiency in optimal safety conditions.
Our drivers carry the proper commercial driver s licenses and endorsements and are fully trained and certified to transport and
dispense fuel. We have been licensed by the U.S. Department of Transportation and our fueling trucks have been fitted with safety equipment
and emergency tools such as spill kits, fire extinguishers, emergency response handbook and a dedicated 24/7 emergency responder support
team in the event of emergency situations. We have management oversight around the clock to ensure safe operations. We have an emergency
response team on call, in the unlikely situation where there is a spill, the emergency response team will come to the scene to control
and properly handle the clean-up of any hazardous materials. We also have state of the art technology that enables us, in real-time,
to track the location of our Mobile Fueling Trucks and the inventory levels of each Mobile Fueling Truck. 

Corporate
Information 

EzFill
FL, LLC was established on July 27, 2016, in the state of Florida. The assets of EzFill, LLC were acquired as of April 9, 2019, by EzFill,
Holdings Inc. (formed in March of 2019) which purchased certain assets of EzFill FL LLC s mobile fueling business. The business
is located and operates in South Florida. 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 2999 NE 191 st Street, Suite 500, Aventura, FL 33180, and our telephone number is
305-791-1169. Our website address is ezfl.com. Information contained on, or accessible through, our website is not a part of this 10K
or the registration statement of which it forms a part. 

Ezfl.com, EZFL, EzFill, and other trade names, trademarks, or service marks of EzFill appearing in this 10K are the property of EzFill.
Trade names, trademarks, and service marks of other companies appearing in this 10K are the property of their respective holders. 

Human
Capital Resources 

As
of March 10, 2023, we had a total of approximately 53 employees, all of whom were full-time. None of our employees are covered by a collective
bargaining agreement, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. 

Properties 

We
lease office space at 2999 NE 191 st Street, Aventura, FL 33180 and pay approximately 22,000 per month, including operating
expenses and taxes. Additionally, we have office space and parking for our trucks at our fuel supplier located at 2965 E. 11 th Ave.,
Hialeah, FL 33013. We also have access to parking for our trucks at various locations of Palmdale Oil Company in Florida. We believe
our current office space is sufficient to meet our needs. 

Legal
Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation
is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. As of
the date of this 10K, management believes that there are no claims against us, which it believes will result in a material adverse
effect on our business or financial condition. 

11 

RISK
FACTORS 

Any
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below as well as other
information provided to you in this document, including information in the section of this document entitled Information Regarding
Forward Looking Statements. If any of the following risks actually occur, the Company s business, financial condition or
results of operations could be materially adversely affected, the value of the Company s Common Stock could decline, and you may
lose all or part of your investment. 

Our
business, financial condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. In such case, the trading
price of our common stock could decline, and our stockholders may lose all or part of their investment in our securities. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

Our
business and results of operations have
been, and may continue to be, impacted by the global COVID -19 pandemic. 

The
coronavirus pandemic and the resulting macroeconomic trends have had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on our operations,
our customers demand for our products and services, our ability to find new clients, and our revenue. This is due in part to restrictions
such as social distancing requirements, stay at home orders, the shutdown of non-essential businesses and the impact these restrictions
have had on peoples and companies driving habits and their need for gasoline for their personal cars, fleets, and boats.
For example, we have noted that we have not had the number of car fills at office parks compared to prior periods, even as pandemic-related
restrictions have been lifted. The reduced number of office park fills has been largely offset by increased sales to delivery service
fleets. Therefore, our current customers may not need our services as often and we may have trouble attracting new customers. If our
customers need less gas and we have trouble finding new customers, this may negatively impact our operations and revenues. 

Uncertain
geopolitical conditions could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Uncertain
geopolitical conditions, including the invasion of Ukraine, sanctions, and other potential impacts on this region s economic environment
and currencies, may cause demand for our products and services to be volatile, cause abrupt changes in our customers buying patterns,
and interrupt our ability to supply products or limit customers access to financial resources and ability to satisfy obligations
to us. Specifically, terrorist attacks, the outbreak of war, or the existence of international hostilities could damage the world economy,
adversely affect the availability of and demand for crude oil and petroleum products and adversely affect both the price of our fuel
and our ability to obtain fuel. 

Operating
and litigation risks may not be covered by insurance. 

Our
operations are subject to all of the operating hazards and risks normally incidental to handling, storing, transporting and otherwise
providing combustible liquids such as gasoline for use by consumers. These risks could result in substantial losses due to personal injury
and/or loss of life, and severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment arising from explosions and other catastrophic events,
including acts of terrorism. Additionally, environmental contamination could result in future legal proceedings. There can be no assurance
that our insurance coverage will be adequate to protect us from all material expenses related to pending and future claims or that such
levels of insurance would be available in the future at economical prices. Moreover, defense and settlement costs may be substantial,
even with respect to claims and investigations that have no merit. If we cannot resolve these matters favorably, our business, financial
condition, results of operations and future prospects may be materially adversely affected. 

Future
climate change laws and regulations and the market response to these changes may negatively impact our operations. 

Increased
regulation of greenhouse (GHG) emissions, from products such as petroleum and diesel, could impose significant additional costs on us,
our suppliers, and our customers. Some states have adopted laws and regulations regulating the emission of GHGs for some industry sectors.
Mandatory reporting by our customers and suppliers could have an effect on our operations or financial condition. 

12 

The
adoption of additional federal or state climate change legislation or regulatory programs to reduce emissions of GHGs could also require
us or our suppliers to incur increased capital and operating costs, with resulting impact on product price and demand. The impact of
new legislation and regulations will depend on a number of factors, including (i) which industry sectors would be impacted, (ii) the
timing of required compliance, (iii) the overall GHG emissions cap level, (iv)the allocation of emission allowances to specific sources,
and (v) the costs and opportunities associated with compliance. At this time, we cannot predict the effect that climate change regulation
may have on our business, financial condition or operations in the future. 

Our
auditors have included an explanatory paragraph in their opinion regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. If we are unable
to continue as a going concern, our securities will have little or no value. 

M K
CPA s, PLLC, our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, has included an explanatory
paragraph in their opinion that accompanies our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022,
indicating that our current liquidity position raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we are unable
to improve our liquidity position, we may not be able to continue as a going concern. 

We
anticipate that we will continue to generate operating losses and use cash in operations through the foreseeable future. As further set
forth below, we anticipate that we will need significant additional capital by March 31, 2023, or we may be required to curtail or cease
operations. 

In
order to continue as a going concern, we will need significant additional capital by March 31, which we may be unable to obtain. 

Revenues
generated from our operations are not presently sufficient to sustain our operations. Therefore, we will need to raise additional capital
in the future to continue our operations. We anticipate that our principal sources of liquidity will only be sufficient to fund our activities
through March 31, 2023. In order to have sufficient cash to fund our operations beyond March 31, 2023, we will need to raise additional
equity or debt capital. There can be no assurance that additional funds will be available when needed from any source or, if available,
will be available on terms that are acceptable to us. We will be required to pursue sources of additional capital through various
means, including debt or equity financings. Future financings through equity investments are likely to be dilutive to existing stockholders.
Also, the terms of securities we may issue in future capital transactions may be more favorable for new investors. Newly issued securities
may include preferences, superior voting rights, the issuance of warrants or other derivative securities, and the issuances of incentive
awards under equity employee incentive plans, which may have additional dilutive effects. Further, we may incur substantial costs in
pursuing future capital and/or financing, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, printing and distribution expenses
and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection with certain securities we may issue, such as convertible
notes and warrants, which will adversely impact our financial condition. Our ability to obtain needed financing may be impaired by such
factors as the capital markets and our history of losses, which could impact the availability or cost of future financings. If the amount
of capital we are able to raise from financing activities, together with our revenues from operations, is not sufficient to satisfy our
capital needs, even to the extent that we reduce our operations accordingly, we may be required to curtail or cease operations. 

If
we are unable to protect our information technology systems against service interruption, misappropriation of data, or breaches of security
resulting from cyber security attacks or other events, or we encounter other unforeseen difficulties in the operation of our information
technology systems, our operations could be disrupted, our business and reputation may suffer, and our internal controls could be adversely
affected. 

In
the ordinary course of business, we rely on information technology systems, including the Internet and third-party hosted services, to
support a variety of business processes and activities and to store sensitive data, including (i) intellectual property, (ii) our proprietary
business information and that of our suppliers and business partners, (iii) personally identifiable information of our customers and
employees, and (iv) data with respect to invoicing and the collection of payments, accounting, procurement, and supply chain activities.
In addition, we rely on our information technology systems to process financial information and results of operations for internal reporting
purposes and to comply with financial reporting, legal, and tax requirements. Despite our security measures, our information technology
systems may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance, sabotage, or other disruptions. A loss
of our information technology systems, or temporary interruptions in the operation of our information technology systems, misappropriation
of data, or breaches of security could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and
reputation. 

Moreover,
the efficient execution of our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our internal systems. Any significant failure or
malfunction of this information technology system may result in disruptions of our operations. Our results of operations could be adversely
affected if we encounter unforeseen problems with respect to the operation of this system. 

13 

High
fuel prices can lead to customer conservation and attrition, resulting in reduced demand for our product. 

Prices
for fuel are subject to volatile fluctuations in response to changes in supply and other market conditions. During periods of high fuel
costs our prices generally increase. High prices can lead to customer conservation and attrition, resulting in reduced demand for our
product. 

Low
fuel prices may also result in less demand for our product. 

Low
fuel prices may lead to us being unable to attract customers due to the fact that we charge a delivery price that may make our pricing
less competitive. 

Changes
in commodity market prices may have a negative effect on our gross margin. 

Our
current fuel supplier agreements set terms and establishes formulas based on Oil Price Information Service (OPIS) pricing as of the time
of wholesale acquisition, and we do not store inventory. OPIS is a leading source for worldwide petroleum pricing. There is a mark-up
for retail fuel prices above wholesale cost, per standard practice in the retail fuel distribution model. Cost of goods sold includes
direct labor, including drivers. Our gross margin as a percentage of revenue decreases as a result of increase in fuel costs. 

The
decline of the retail fuel market may impact our potential to get new customers. 

The
retail gasoline industry has been declining over the past several years, with no or modest growth or decline in total demand foreseen
in the next several years. Accordingly, we expect that year-to-year industry volumes will be principally affected by weather patterns.
Therefore, our ability to grow within the industry is dependent on our ability to acquire other retail distributors and to achieve internal
growth, which includes the success of our sales and marketing programs designed to attract and retain customers. Any failure to retain
and grow our customer base would have an adverse effect on our results. 

Competition
in the fuel delivery industry may negatively impact our operations. 

We
compete with other mobile fuel delivery companies nationwide. There is little to no barrier to entry and therefore, our competition in
the industry may grow. Our ability to compete in our current markets and expand to new markets may be negatively impacted by our competitors 
successes. Additionally, fuel competes with other sources of energy, some of which are less costly on an equivalent energy basis. In
addition, we cannot predict the effect that the development of alternative energy sources might have on our operations. We compete for
customers against suppliers of electricity. Electricity is becoming a competitor of fuel. The convenience and efficiency of electricity
make it an attractive energy source for vehicle drivers. The expansion of the electric vehicle industry may have a negative impact on
our customer base. 

Our
trucks transport hazardous flammable fuel, which may cause environmental damage and liability to us. 

Due
to the hazardous nature and flammability of our product, we face the risk of a simple accident causing serious damage to life and property.
Additionally, a spill of our product may result in environmental damage, the liability for which our Company may not be able to overcome.
If we are involved in a spill, leak, fire, explosion or other accident involving hazardous substances or if there are releases of fuel
or fuel products we own or are transporting, our operations could be disrupted and we could be subject to material liabilities, such
as the cost of investigating and remediating contaminated properties or claims by customers, employees or others who may have been injured,
or whose property may have been damaged. These liabilities, to the extent not covered by insurance, could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Some environmental laws impose strict liability, which means we could
have liability without regard to whether we were negligent or at fault. 

In
addition, compliance with existing and future environmental laws regulating fuel storage terminals, fuel delivery vessels and/or storage
tanks that we own or operate may require significant capital expenditures and increased operating and maintenance costs. The remediation
and other costs required to clean up or treat contaminated sites could be substantial and may not be covered by insurance. 

Our
cash flow and net income may decrease if we are forced to comply with new governmental regulation surrounding the transportation of fuel. 

We
are subject to various federal, state, and local safety, health, transportation, and environmental laws and regulations governing the
storage, distribution, and transportation of fuel. It is possible we will incur increased costs as a result of complying with new safety,
health, transportation and environmental regulations and such costs will reduce our net income. It is also possible that material environmental
liabilities will be incurred, including those relating to claims for damages to property and persons. 

14 

Our
current dependence on a single fuel supplier increases our risk of an interruption in fuel supply, impacting our operations. 

Although
we are in the process of establishing other sources, we currently purchase almost all of our fuel needs from two principal suppliers
in Florida. We do not have a written agreement with the largest supplier, and as such, if fuel from this source was interrupted, the
cost of procuring replacement fuel and transporting that fuel from alternative locations might be materially higher and, at least on
a short-term basis, our earnings could be negatively affected. This supplier is also a shareholder in the Company. 

Our
profitability is subject to fuel pricing and inventory risk. 

The
retail fuel business is a margin-based business in which gross profits are dependent upon the excess of the sales price
over the fuel supply costs. Fuel is a commodity, and, as such, its unit price is subject to volatile fluctuations in response to changes
in supply or other market conditions. We have no control over supplies, commodity prices or market conditions. Consequently, the unit
price of the fuel that we and other marketers purchase can change rapidly over a short period of time, including daily. 

Loss
of a major customer could result in a decrease in our future sales and earnings. 

In
any given quarter or year, sales of our products may be concentrated in a few major customers. We anticipate that a limited number of
customers in any given period may account for a substantial portion of our total net revenue for the foreseeable future. The business
risks associated with this concentration, including increased credit risks for these and other customers and the possibility of related
bad debt write-offs, could negatively affect our margins and profits. Additionally, the Company does not have any long-term agreements
with its customers. All customer agreements are cancelable at any time by either party and as such there cannot be any assurance that
any customer will continue to use the Company s services. The loss of a major customer, whether through competition or consolidation,
or a termination in sales to any major customer, could result in a decrease of our future sales and earnings. 

We
operate in a new industry segment and may be subject to new and existing laws, regulations and oversight 

The
Company operates in a new industry segment, on-demand mobile fuel delivery, in which new state and local law adoptions are occurring.
Effective December 31, 2020, Florida adopted Florida Fire Prevention Code Code Section 42.12 recognizing and setting
various requirements for the consumer on-demand mobile fuel delivery business. Permitting authority is contemplated under an Authority
Having Jurisdiction AHJ ). Other pre-existing Code provisions similarly contemplate AHJ permitting for commercial
mobile fueling. Miami-Dade County, where most of our business is conducted adopted the Code by reference. Unlike some other states and
counties, neither Florida nor Miami-Dade County have designated an AHJ for mobile fueling. Miami-Dade s extensive permitting and
fee schedule does not contemplate or assert permitting authority over mobile fueling, consumer or commercial. We may be subject to oversight,
including audits, in existing or future areas of operation. If we cannot comply with the Code, or County, State or Federal rules and
regulations or the laws, rules and regulations or oversight in areas in which we currently operate or may seek to operate, we could lose
the ability to service those areas and our earnings could be affected. 

Our
License Agreement with Fuel Butler may be terminated and as such our expansion plans into the state of New York may be delayed 

On
April 7, 2021, the Company entered into a Technology License Agreement with Fuel Butler LLC Technology Agreement ). Under
the Technology Agreement, the Company licensed proprietary technology that the Company believes will allow the Company to provide its
fuel service in high density areas like New York City. Fuel Butler has delivered a purported notice of termination of the Technology
Agreement based on certain alleged breaches arising from our failure to issue equity securities to Fuel Butler. We have been in communications
with Fuel Butler regarding the termination of the Technology Agreement and continue to believe that the Company is in compliance with
the Technology Agreement and that the Technology Agreement continues to be in force. While we contest Fuel Butler s claims of breach
and contend that in fact Fuel Butler is in breach, we have communicated to Fuel Butler that we wish to terminate the Technology Agreement.
We have sent a proposal to Fuel Butler whereby we will cease utilizing the Technology and Fuel Butler will return any shares it received
under the Technology Agreement. However, to date, the Company has not had further communications with Fuel Butler regarding this matter.
Currently, the Company does not expect to expand into the state of New York for the foreseeable future. 

15 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

Our
stock price is expected to fluctuate significantly. 

Our
common stock was approved for listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol EZFL and began trading on September
15, 2021. There can be no assurance that an active trading market for our shares will be sustained. The market price of shares of our
common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to many risk factors listed in this section, and others beyond our control,
including: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results; 

geopolitical
 developments affecting supply and demand for oil and gas and an increase or decrease in the price of fuel; 

actual
 or anticipated changes in our growth rate relative to our competitors; 

competition
 from existing companies in the space or new competitors that may emerge; 

issuance
 of new or updated research or reports by securities analysts; 

fluctuations
 in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us; 

share
 price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our shares; 

additions
 or departures of key management or technology personnel; 

disputes
 or other developments related to proprietary rights, including intellectual property, litigation matters, and our ability to obtain
 patent protection for our technologies; 

announcement
 or expectation of additional debt or equity financing efforts; 

sales
 of our common stock by us, our insiders or our other stockholders; and 

general
 economic and market conditions. 

These
and other market and industry factors may cause the market price and demand for our common stock to fluctuate substantially, regardless
of our actual operating performance, which may limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares of common stock and may otherwise
negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. In addition, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume
fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the Company. 

The
majority of the Company s common stock is held by a small number of shareholders. 

Two
beneficial owners control approximately 49.7 of our outstanding common stock as of March 10, 2023. As a result, these shareholders are
able to influence the outcome of shareholder votes on various matters, including the election of directors and extraordinary corporate
transactions, including business combinations. In addition, the occurrence of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock,
or the perception that these sales could occur, may affect our stock price and could impair our ability to obtain capital through an
offering of equity securities. Furthermore, the current ratios of ownership of our common stock reduce the public float and liquidity
of our common stock, which can in turn affect the market price of our common stock. 

16 

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation includes an exclusive forum provision that identifies the Court of Chancery of the
State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation, including any derivative actions, which could limit our stockholders 
ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us, our directors, officers or employees. 

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum,
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought
on behalf of the Company; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee
of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Company arising pursuant
to any provision of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the
Company; or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company governed by the internal affairs doctrine. To the
extent that any such claims may be based upon federal law claims, Section 27 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, creates
exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, provides for concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state
courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder,
and as such, the exclusive jurisdiction clauses of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation would not apply to such suits.
The choice of forum provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation may limit a stockholder s ability to bring
a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage
such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. By agreeing to these provisions, however, stockholders will
not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Furthermore, the
enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation and bylaws has been challenged
in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. If a
court were to find the choice of forum provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be inapplicable
or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could
adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

We
have never paid dividends on our capital stock, and we do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. Consequently,
any gains from an investment in our common stock will likely depend on whether the price of our common stock increases. 

We
have not paid dividends on any of our classes of capital stock to date and we currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any,
to fund the development and growth of our business. In addition, the terms of any future indebtedness
we may incur could preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole
source of gain from an investment in our common stock for the foreseeable future. Consequently, in the foreseeable future, you will likely
only experience a gain from your investment in our common stock if the price of our common stock increases. 

Failure
to maintain effective internal control over our financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley Act could cause our financial reports to be inaccurate. 

We
are required pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to assess and
report on the effectiveness of those controls. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management
in our internal control over financial reporting. Although we prepare our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States, our internal accounting controls may not meet all standards applicable to companies with publicly
traded securities. If we fail to implement any required improvements to our disclosure controls and procedures, we may be obligated to
report control deficiencies and our independent registered public accounting firm may not be able to certify the effectiveness of our
internal controls over financial reporting. In either case, we could become subject to regulatory sanction or investigation. Further,
these outcomes could damage investor confidence in the accuracy and reliability of our financial statements. 

Our
management has concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were, and continue to be, effective, as of December 31,
2022. If we are not able to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, our financial statements, including related
disclosures, may be inaccurate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

If
we fail to comply with the continued listing requirements of NASDAQ, we would face possible delisting, which would result in a limited
public market for our shares and make obtaining future debt or equity financing more difficult for us. 

As
previously reported, on May 20, 2022, the Company received a letter from the Listing Qualifications
Staff (the Staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying the Company that, based upon the closing
bid price of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), for the prior 30 consecutive
business days, the Company no longer met the requirement to maintain a minimum bid price of 1 per share (the Minimum Bid Price
Requirement ), as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1). 

17 

On
November 17, 2022, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq informing it that although the Company s common stock has not regained
compliance with the minimum 1.00 bid price per share requirement, the Staff has determined that the Company is eligible for an additional
180 calendar day period, or until May 15, 2023, to regain compliance. The Staff s determination was based on the Company meeting
the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other applicable requirements for initial listing
on the Capital Market with the exception of the bid price requirement, and the Company s written notice of its intention to cure
the deficiency during the second compliance period by effecting a reverse stock split the Reverse Stock Split), if necessary. 

If
at any time before May 15, 2023, the bid price of the Company s common stock closes at or above 1.00 per share for a minimum of,
subject to the Staff s discretion, 10 consecutive business days, Nasdaq will provide written notification that the Company has
achieved compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. 

The
Company will continue to monitor the closing bid price of its Common Stock and will consider its available options to resolve the deficiency
and regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement within the allotted compliance period. If the Company does not regain compliance
within the allotted compliance period, Nasdaq will provide notice that the Company s Common Stock will be subject to delisting.
The Company would then be entitled to appeal that determination to a Nasdaq hearings panel. There can be no assurance that the Company
will regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. 

If
the Company fails to regain compliance with Nasdaq s Listing Rules, we could be subject to suspension and delisting proceedings.
If our securities lose their status on The NASDAQ Capital Market, our securities will likely trade in the over-the-counter market. If
our securities were to trade on the over-the-counter market, selling our securities could be more difficult because smaller quantities
of securities would likely be bought and sold, transactions could be delayed, and security analysts coverage of us may be reduced.
In addition, in the event our securities are delisted, broker-dealers have certain regulatory burdens imposed upon them, which may discourage
broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our securities, further limiting the liquidity of our securities. These factors could result
in lower prices and larger spreads in the bid and ask prices for our securities. Such delisting from The NASDAQ Capital Market and continued
or further declines in our share price could also greatly impair our ability to raise additional necessary capital through equity or
debt financing and could significantly increase the ownership dilution to shareholders caused by our issuing equity in financing or other
transactions. 

A
Reverse Stock Split could result in a significant devaluation of the Company s market capitalization and trading price of the Common
Stock, and we cannot assure you that a Reverse Stock Split will increase our stock price and have the desired effect of increasing the
market price of the Common Stock such that the market price of our Common Stock meets Nasdaq s Minimum Bid Price Requirement. 

The
Company may effect a reverse stock split (the Reverse Stock Split to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement.
The Company s Board expects that a Reverse Stock Split of the outstanding Common Stock will increase the market price of the Common
Stock. However, the Company cannot be certain whether the Reverse Stock Split would lead to a sustained increase in the trading price
or the trading market for the Common Stock. The history of similar stock split combinations for companies in like circumstances is varied.
There is no assurance that: 

the
 market price per share of the Common Stock after the Reverse Stock Split will rise in proportion to the reduction in the number of
 pre-split shares of Common Stock outstanding before the Reverse Stock Split; 

the
 Reverse Stock Split will result in a per share price that will attract brokers and investors, including institutional investors,
 who do not trade in lower priced securities; 

the
 Reverse Stock Split will result in a per share price that will increase the Company s ability to attract and retain employees
 and other service providers; 

the
 market price per post-split share will be sufficient to satisfy the Minimum Bid Price Requirement and 

the
 Reverse Stock Split will increase the trading market for the common Stock, particularly if the stock price does not increase as a
 result of the reduction in the number of shares of Common Stock available in the public market. 

The
market price of the Common Stock will also be based on the Company s performance and other factors, some of which are unrelated
to the number of shares outstanding. If the Reverse Stock Split is consummated and the trading price of the Common Stock declines, the
percentage decline as an absolute number and as a percentage of the Company s overall market capitalization may be greater than
what would occur in the absence of the Reverse Stock Split. Furthermore, the liquidity of the Common Stock could be adversely affected
by the reduced number of shares that would be outstanding after the Reverse Stock Split and this could have an adverse effect on the
price of the Common Stock. If the market price of the shares of Common Stock declines subsequent to the effectiveness of the Reverse
Stock Split, this will detrimentally impact the Company s market capitalization and the market value of the Company s public
float. 

18 

The
Reverse Stock Split may result in some stockholders owning odd lots that may be more difficult to sell or require greater
transaction costs per share to sell. 

The
Reverse Stock Split may result in some stockholders owning odd lots of less than 100 shares of Common Stock on a post-split
basis. These odd lots may be more difficult to sell, or require greater transaction costs per share to sell, than shares in round
lots of even multiples of 100 shares. 

The
Reverse Stock Split may not help generate additional investor interest. 

There
can be no assurance that the Reverse Stock Split will result in a per share price that will attract institutional investors or investment
funds or that such share price will satisfy the investing guidelines of institutional investors or investment funds. As a result, the
trading liquidity of our Common Stock may not necessarily improve. 

If
equity research analysts issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade our common stock, the price of our common stock could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock may be affected by the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about us and our
business. We do not control these analysts. The price of our common stock could decline if one or more equity analysts downgrade our
common stock or if analysts issue other unfavorable commentary or cease publishing reports about us or our business. 

We
have elected to take advantage of specified reduced disclosure requirements applicable to an emerging growth company under
the JOBS Act, the information that we provide to stockholders may be different than they might receive from other public companies. 

As
a company with less than 1 billion in revenue during our last fiscal year, we qualify as an emerging growth company under
the JOBS Act. As an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise
applicable generally to public companies. These provisions include: 

only
 two years of audited financial statements in addition to any required unaudited interim financial statements with correspondingly
 reduced Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations disclosure; 

reduced
 disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements; 

no
 non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements; 

exemption
 from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting and delaying the adoption
 of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards
 apply to private companies. 

We
have elected to take advantage of the above-referenced exemptions and we may take advantage of these exemptions for up to five years
or such earlier time that we are no longer an emerging growth company. We would cease to be an emerging growth company if we have more
than 1 billion in annual revenues, we have more than 700 million in market value of our stock held by non-affiliates, or we issue more
than 1 billion of non-convertible debt over a three-year period. We may choose to take advantage of some but not all of these reduced
burdens. We have not taken advantage of any of these reduced reporting burdens in this 10K, although we may choose to do so in
future filings. If we do, the information that we provide stockholders may be different than you might get from other public companies
that comply with public company effective dates. 

Additional
stock offerings in the future may dilute your percentage ownership of our company. 

Given
our plans and expectations that we may need additional capital and personnel, we may need to issue additional shares of common stock
or securities convertible or exercisable for shares of common stock, including convertible preferred stock, convertible notes, stock
options or warrants. The issuance of additional securities in the future will dilute the percentage ownership of then current stockholders. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

Description
of Property 

We
lease office space at 2999 NE 191 st Street, Aventura, FL 33180 and pay approximately 22,000 per month, including operating
expenses and taxes. Additionally, we have office space and parking for our trucks at our fuel supplier located at 2965 E. 11 th Ave.,
Hialeah, FL 33013. We also have access to parking for our trucks at various locations of Palmdale Oil Company in Florida. We believe
our current office space is sufficient to meet our needs. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

We
know of no other material, existing or pending legal proceedings against our Company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any other
material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no other proceedings in which any of our directors, executive officers, or affiliates,
or any registered or beneficial stockholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
Applicable. 

19 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Our
common stock is traded on The NASDAQ Capital Markets under the symbol EZFL. Our common stock commenced trading on September
15, 2021. 

There
were 26,804,616 common shares issued and outstanding as of March 10, 2023.
As of March 10, 2023, there were approximately 98 shareholders
of record. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not paid any and have no present intention of paying any dividends on our capital stock. Our current policy is to retain earnings,
if any, for use in our operations and in the development of our business. As a result, we anticipate that only appreciation of the price
of our common stock, if any, will provide a return to investors for at least the foreseeable future. 

Use
of Proceeds from the Sale of Registered Securities 

On
September 14, 2021, our Registration Statement, as amended, and originally filed on Form S-1 (file No. 333-256691) was declared effective
by the SEC for our initial public offering of 7,187,500 shares of common stock, including 937,500 shares of common stock purchased by
the underwriters pursuant to the exercise of the over-allotment option each at an offering price of 4.00 per share, for aggregate gross
proceeds of approximately 28.75 million. After deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering costs incurred by us of approximately
 3.50 million, the net proceeds from the offering were approximately 25.25 million. ThinkEquity LLC acted as sole book-running manager
of the initial public offering. No offering costs were paid or are payable, directly, or indirectly, to our directors or officers, to
persons owning 10 or more of any class of our equity securities, or to any of our affiliates. 

There
has been no material change in the expected use of the net proceeds from our IPO as described in our final prospectus filed with the
SEC on September 14, 2021. Upon receipt, the net proceeds from our IPO were held in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments.
As of December 31, 2022, we have used approximately 21.0 million of the net proceeds from the IPO. Pending such uses, we plan to continue
investing the unused proceeds from the IPO in fixed, non-speculative income instruments and money market funds. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

The
information set forth below relates to our issuances of securities without registration under the Securities Act of 1933 during the reporting
period which were not previously included in an Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Current Report on Form 8-K. 

During
the quarter ended December 31, 2022, there were no issuances of unregistered shares. pursuant to an exemption from registration afforded
by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

We
did not purchase any of our shares of common stock or other securities during our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

As
a Smaller Reporting Company , this Item and the related disclosure is not required. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis summarizes the significant factors affecting the consolidated operating results, financial condition,
liquidity and cash flows of our Company as of and for the periods presented below. The following discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and
related notes included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the audited financial statements and notes thereto as of and for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and the related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,
both of which are contained in our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, on June
1, 2021, as amended, and declared effective on September 14, 2021. Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K to we, us, and our refer to Ezfill Holdings, Inc. 

20 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

The
information in this discussion contains forward-looking statements and information within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act,
which are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, statements concerning our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs, prospects and
plans and objectives of management. The words anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, 
 intends, may, plans, projects, will, would and similar
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying
words. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should
not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions
and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements that we make. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation,
the risks set forth in our filings with the SEC. The forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date on which they are
made, and we do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 

Overview 

We
were incorporated under the laws of Delaware in March 2019. We are in the business of operating mobile fueling trucks and are headquartered
in Miami, Florida. EzFill provides its customers the ability to have fuel delivered to their vehicles (cars, boats, trucks) without leaving
their home or office and to construction sites, generators, and reserve tanks. 

Our
mobile fueling solution gives our fleet, consumer, and other customers the ability to fuel their vehicles with the touch of an app or
regularly scheduled service, and without the inconvenience of going to the gas station. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S., or GAAP. We have identified certain accounting policies as critical
to understanding our financial condition and results of our operations. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and other
accounting policies, see the notes to our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Results
of Operations 

The
following table sets forth our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 
 15,044,721 
 7,233,957 
 
 Cost of sales 
 15,218,234 
 7,027,274 
 
 Operating expenses 
 12,648,629 
 8,102,934 
 
 Impairment of goodwill, other intangibles and fixed assets 
 2,894,516 
 - 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 1,769,621 
 872,834 
 
 Operating loss 
 (17,486,279 
 (8,769,085 
 
 Other income (expense) 
 (19,486 
 (614,312 
 
 Net loss 
 (17,505,765 
 (9,383,397 

Non-GAAP
Financial Measures 

Adjusted
EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure which we use in our financial performance analyses. This measure should not be considered a
substitute for GAAP-basis measures, nor should it be viewed as a substitute for operating results determined in accordance with
GAAP. We believe that the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes the impact of net interest
expense, taxes, depreciation, amortization, impairment of goodwill, other intangibles and fixed assets, and stock compensation
expense, provides useful supplemental information that is essential to a proper understanding of our financial results. Non-GAAP
measures are not formally defined by GAAP, and other entities may use calculation methods that differ from ours for the purposes of
calculating Adjusted EBITDA. As a complement to GAAP financial measures, we believe that Adjusted EBITDA assists investors who
follow the practice of some investment analysts who adjust GAAP financial measures to exclude items that may obscure underlying
performance and distort comparability. 

21 

The
following is a reconciliation of net loss to the non-GAAP financial measure referred to as Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December
31, 2022, and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net loss 
 (17,505,765 
 (9,383,397 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 19,486 
 768,985 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 1,769,621 
 872,834 
 
 Impairment of goodwill, other intangibles and fixed assets 
 2,894,516 
 - 
 
 Stock compensation 
 1,412,283 
 1,896,074 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 (11,409,859 
 (5,845,504 

Gallons delivered 
 3,614,844 
 2,308,764 

Year
ended December 31, 2022 compared to the Year ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues 

We
generated revenues of 15,044,721 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 7,233,957 for the year ended December 31, 2021,
an increase of 7,810,764 or 108 . This increase is due to a 57 increase in gallons delivered as well as an increase in the average
price per gallon. 

Cost
of sales was 15,218,234 for the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in a gross profit of (173,513), compared to 206,683 for the
prior year. The 8,190,960 or 117 increase in cost of sales is due to the increase in sales and an increase in labor costs primarily
related to the expansion to new markets. 

Operating
Expenses 

We
incurred operating expenses of 12,648,629 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 8,102,934 during the prior year,
an increase of 4,545,695 or 56 . This net increase consisted of a decrease of 483,791 in stock compensation expense and an increase
of 5,029,486 in other operating expenses. The increase was primarily due to increases in payroll, sales and marketing, insurance, technology,
and public company expenses. 

Depreciation
and Amortization 

Amortization
increased in the current year as a result of the acquisition of a fueling business. Depreciation increased in the current year as a result
of purchases of vehicles and delivery equipment. 

Impairment
of Goodwill, Other Intangibles and Fixed Assets 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an impairment loss of 1,987,500 related to a license of technology for which
the Company has proposed termination of the agreement and which is not expected to generate any revenue in 2023. The Company recorded
impairment of 258,114 related to materials purchased for construction of delivery vehicles to reduce the carrying value to the expected
realizable value. Goodwill is considered impaired, and the Company recognized an impairment loss of 166,838, or the remaining balance
of goodwill, during the year ended December 31, 2022. This loss was primarily due to the fall in the Company s stock price and
the decrease of the Company s market capitalization as well as past operating performance. As a consequence, management forecasts
were revised, and additional risk factors were applied. The fair value of the intangibles was estimated using a combination of market
comparables (level 1 inputs) and expected present value of future cash flows (level 3 inputs) and as a result impairment was recorded
for a total of 482,064. 

Other
Income (Expense) 

Interest
expense decreased in the current year due to the early repayment in September 2021 of pre-IPO debt. 

Net
Losses 

We
sustained a net loss of 17,505,765 for the year ended December 31, 2022,
as compared to 9,383,397 for the prior year, an increase of 8,122,368 or 87 as a result of the above. 

22 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Cash
Flow Activities 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of (34,845,161). We have incurred net losses since inception and have funded operations
primarily through sales of our common stock and issuance of notes payable, including to related parties. As of December 31, 2022, we
had 4,186,875 in cash and investments, as compared to December 31, 2021, when we had 16,924,146 in cash and investments. 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was (11,599,581) for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was made up primarily by the net loss
and partially offset by stock compensation of 1,412,283 and depreciation and amortization of 1,769,621 and impairment loss of 2,894,516.
Net cash used in operating activities was (6,306,761) during the prior year , which was
made up primarily by the net loss and partially offset by an increase in stock-based compensation of 1,896,074, warrants and shares
to lenders of 248,011, and depreciation and amortization of 872,834. 

Investing
Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, we used 3,258,417 and 1,998,151, respectively, for the acquisition of fixed assets,
primarily delivery trucks. Investments matured during 2022 for total proceeds of 1,151,186. We used 321,250 for the acquisition of
a fueling business in 2022. We invested 3,367,953 in debt securities in 2021. 

Financing
Activities 

We
generated 2,533,589 of cash flows from financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022, including 3,191,308 from new debt
borrowings, less 657,719 for the repayment of debt. All of the pre-acquisition debt was repaid following our IPO. In 2021, we generated
 24,370,464 of cash flows from financing activities, including 28,750,000 less related expense of (3,500,426) from the Initial Public
Offering, 2,990,572 from new debt borrowings and 115,000 from sale of shares, less 3,984,682 for the repayment of debt. All of the
pre-acquisition debt was repaid following our IPO. 

Liquidity
and Sources of Capital 

From
inception to December 31, 2022, we have funded our activities through capital contributions from issuances of notes payable and the sale
of securities pursuant to the exemption provided by Regulation D, by sale of securities to accredited investors and a public offering.
We have also financed truck purchases from manufacturer loans and from our bank line of credit. 

Although our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022
were prepared under the assumption that we would continue our operations as a going concern, the report of our independent registered
public accounting firm that accompanies our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 contains a going concern qualification
in which said firm expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, based on the financial statements at
that time. The
Company has sustained a net loss since inception and does not have sufficient revenues and income to fully fund the operations. As a
result, the Company has relied on loans from stockholders and others as well as stock sales to fund its activities to date. For the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company had a net loss of 17,505,765. At December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 34,845,161.
We anticipate that we will continue to generate operating losses and use cash in operations through the foreseeable future. 

Since
inception, the Company s operations have primarily been funded through proceeds received in equity and debt financings. In September
2021, the Company completed its Initial Public Offering and raised 25,250,000 in net proceeds after deducting the underwriting discount
and offering expenses. The Company anticipates that it will need to raise additional capital by March 31, 2023, in order to continue to
fund its operations. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain funds on commercially acceptable terms, if at all.
There is also no assurance that the amount of funds the Company might raise will enable the Company to complete its initiatives or attain
profitable operations. The Company s operating needs include the planned costs to operate its business, including amounts required
to fund working capital and capital expenditures. The Company s future capital requirements and the adequacy of its available funds
will depend on many factors, including the Company s ability to successfully expand to new markets, competition, and the need to
enter into collaborations with other companies or acquire other companies to enhance or complement its product and service offerings.
There can be no assurances that, in the event that we require additional financing, such financing will be available on terms which are
favorable to us, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional funding to meet our working capital needs in the future, we will be
forced to delay or reduce, limit or cease our operations. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

As
a Smaller Reporting Company , this Item and the related disclosure is not required. 

23 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of EzFill Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of EzFill Holdings, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and
the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each
of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended
December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company suffered a net loss from operations and has insufficient revenues and
income to fully fund the operations, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans regarding those matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) related to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Capital
Stock and Other Equity Accounts 

As
discussed in Note 1 and Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company issues stock-based compensation in accordance with
ASC 718, Compensation. 

Auditing
management s calculation of the fair value of the stock-based compensation involves significant judgments and estimates in the
various inputs to the calculation. 

We
evaluated management s assessment of the appropriateness and accuracy of the fair value of the stock-based compensation. 

/s/

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March
 17, 2023 

PCAOB 

24 

PART
I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
8. Financial Statements 

EzFill
Holdings, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investment in debt securities 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Inventory 

Total Current Assets 

Fixed assets, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 

Goodwill and other indefinite lived intangibles 
 - 

Other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of 0 and , respectively 
 - 

Operating lease right of use asset 
 
 - 
 
 Other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Loans payable - current 

Borrowings under revolving line of credit 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 

Loans payable - net of current portion 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Preferred stock, and par value; and shares authorized; - - and - - shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, and par value; and shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

25 

EzFill
Holdings, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements Of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUES 

Revenues 

TOTAL REVENUES 

COSTS EXPENSES 

Cost of sales 

Operating expenses 

Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of fixed assets 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

TOTAL COSTS AND EXPENSES 

OPERATING LOSS 

OTHER INCOME AND EXPENSES 

Interest income 
 
 - 
 
 Other income 
 - 

Interest expense 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
 - 
 - 

NET LOSS 

NET LOSS PER SHARE 

Basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Comprehensive Loss: 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Change in fair value of debt securities 

Total comprehensive loss 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

26 

EzFill
Holdings, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 (Deficit) 

Preferred stock 
 Common stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Stockholder s Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 (Deficit) 

Balance December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

- 

Initial public offering, net of expenses 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Stock based compensation related party 
 - 
 - 

Stock based compensation other 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Options granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Debt discount, related parties 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance of acquisition shares 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance of bonus and settlement shares 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Warrants and shares to lender 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance of shares for technology 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Sale of shares 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Other comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Stock based compensation related party 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Stock based compensation - other 

- 
 - 

Consideration for acquisition 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Other comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

27 

EzFill
Holding, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

2022 
 2021 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities: 

Stock based compensation 

Warrants and shares to lender 
 - 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of fixed assets 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of bond premium and realized loss on investments 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of debt discount, related party 
 - 

Bad debt expense 

PPP loan forgiveness 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Operating lease assets and liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses - related party 
 - 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Maturity of debt securities 
 
 - 
 
 Acquisition of business 
 
 - 
 
 Acquisition of fixed assets 

Acquisition of intangible assets 
 - 

Purchase of debt securities 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from Initial Public Offering 
 - 

Initial Public Offering expenses 
 - 

Borrowings under line of credit 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of debt and loans 

Proceeds from issuance of related party debt 
 - 

Repayment of debt 

Repayment of related party debt 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents cash at end of period 

Noncash investing and financing activities: 

Debt discount 
 - 

Issuance of acquisition, bonus, and settlement shares 
 - 

Shares issued for technology 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

28 

EzFill
Holdings, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

shares in its initial public offering IPO at a price of per share,
for net proceeds of approximately after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of and expenses of .
Immediately prior to the IPO, all shares of stock then outstanding converted into an aggregate of shares of common stock following
a 

and in cash and cash equivalents, respectively, of which 
was federally insured. 

- 

December
31, 2021 

Amortized Cost 
 Gross Unrealized Gains 
 Gross Unrealized 
 Losses 
 Fair Value 
 
 Corporate bonds 
 
 - 

Realized
losses on bonds during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022 corporate bonds totaling 
matured. The corporate bonds remaining at December 31,
2022 mature during 2023. 

and respectively in the consolidated financial statements. 

and of revenue. For the year ended
December 31, 2021, the Company had one customer that made up approximately of revenue. 

The
Company had two customers that made up and of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022, and and of accounts receivable
as of December 31, 2021. 

Major
Vendors 

The
Company purchases substantially all of its fuel from three vendors. 

and in the consolidated financial statements. Cost of
sales includes the cost of fuel sold and wages paid to drivers. 

and respectively, to deferred offering costs. 

years 
 
 Mobile
 app 

years 
 
 Non-compete 

years 
 
 Trade
 name 

years 
 
 Loading
 rack license 

years 

and , respectively. 

All
other newly issued accounting pronouncements not yet effective have been deemed either immaterial or not applicable. 

. At December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of .
The Company anticipates that it will continue to generate operating losses and use cash in operations through the foreseeable future. 

In
September 2021, the Company completed its Initial Public Offering and raised in net proceeds after deducting the underwriting
discount and offering expenses. The Company anticipates that it will need to raise additional capital by March 31, 2023, in order to continue
to fund its operations. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain funds on commercially acceptable terms, if at all.
There is also no assurance that the amount of funds the Company might raise will enable the Company to complete its initiatives or attain
profitable operations. The Company s operating needs include the planned costs to operate its business, including amounts required
to fund working capital and capital expenditures. The Company s future capital requirements and the adequacy of its available funds
will depend on many factors, including the Company s ability to successfully expand to new markets, competition, and the need to
enter into collaborations with other companies or acquire other companies to enhance or complement its product and service offerings.
There can be no assurances that financing will be available on terms which are favorable, or at all. If the Company is unable to raise
additional funding to meet its working capital needs in the future, it will be forced to delay, reduce, or cease its operations. 

The Company s management has concluded that there is substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that may
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

shares to an executive as a signing bonus. The Company also issued 
signing shares and restricted shares to directors. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of restricted stock and stock options to executives. Included
in these amounts are shares of stock and stock options granted to two former executives for which vesting was accelerated
upon their termination. The Company also granted a total of restricted shares to directors during the year ended December 31,
2022. The aforementioned grants were made pursuant to the Company s 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan. 

The
Company entered into a consulting agreement, dated November 18, 2020, with Balance Labs, Inc. Pursuant to the Consulting Agreement, Balance
Labs provided consulting services including assisting with the Company s IPO and assisting with introductions to, and assistance
with, negotiating and entering agreements with potential fleet, residential, marine, and corporate customers that Balance Labs has relationships
with. Balance Labs also assisted with the Company s expansion efforts. Under the Consulting Agreement, in payment of services that
Balance Labs had already provided, the Company issued Balance Labs shares of its common stock in November 2020. Upon the completion
of the Company s IPO, the Company made a one-time payment of to Balance Labs. During the first year of the term of the
Consulting Agreement, the Company paid Balance Labs per month. In the second year of the agreement, the payment decreased to
 per month. On November 18, 2021, and each anniversary of the initial term and the renewal terms the Company will issue Balance
Labs shares of its common stock. The term of the Consulting Agreement is for two years and expired on November 18, 2022, without
being renewed. The President, CEO, CFO and Chairman of the Board of Balance Labs is also the former president of the Company and beneficially
owns approximately of the Company s common stock as of December 31, 2022. 

The
Company is party to a technology license agreement with Fuel Butler LLC, which is owned by a former executive of the Company. See
Note 5. 

years 

Leasehold improvements 

Vehicles 
 years 

Office furniture 
 years 
 
 - 
 
 Office equipment 
 years 

Vehicle construction in process 

Total fixed assets 

Accumulated depreciation 

Fixed assets, net 

Depreciation
expense totaled and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company recorded impairment of related to materials purchased for construction of delivery vehicles to reduce the carrying value
of vehicle construction in progress to the expected realizable value. 

Goodwill 
 - 

Total indefinite lived intangible assets 
 - 

Other intangible assets: 

Trademarks 
 - 

Software 
 - 

Customer list 
 - 

Non-compete 
 - 

Loading rack license 
 - 
 - 
 
 Technology license 
 - 

Total other intangible assets 
 - 

Accumulated amortization 
 - 

Total other intangible assets, net 
 - 

On
April 7, 2021, the Company entered into a Technology License Agreement with Fuel Butler LLC Licensor ), under which the
Company licensed certain proprietary technology. Under the terms of the license, the Company issued shares of its common stock
to the Licensor upon signing. The Company also issued shares to the Licensor in May 2021 upon the filing of a patent application
related to the licensed technology. Upon completion of the Company s IPO, shares were issued to the Licensor. The Company
will issue up to additional shares to the Licensor upon the achievement of certain milestones. In addition, the Company has granted
stock options for shares at an exercise price of per share that will become exercisable for three years after the end of
the fiscal year in which certain sales levels are achieved using the licensed technology. The Company has the option for four years after
the achievement of certain milestones to either acquire the technology or acquire the Licensor for the purchase price of of
its common shares. Until the Company exercise one of these options, it will share with the Licensor 50 of pre-revenue costs and 50 
of the net revenue, as defined, from the use of the technology. 

Under
the Technology Agreement, the Company licensed proprietary technology that it believed would enable the Company to expand its services
to provide its fuel service in high density areas. Fuel Butler has delivered a purported notice of termination of the Technology Agreement
based on certain alleged breaches arising from our failure to issue equity securities to Fuel Butler. The Company has been in communications
with Fuel Butler regarding the termination of the Technology Agreement and continues to believe that the Company is in compliance with
the Technology Agreement and that the Technology Agreement continues to be in force. While the Company contests Fuel Butler s claims
of breach and contends that in fact Fuel Butler is in breach, the Company has communicated to Fuel Butler that it wishes to terminate
the Technology Agreement. The Company has sent a proposal to Fuel Butler whereby it would cease utilizing the Technology and Fuel Butler
would return any shares it received under the Technology Agreement. Accordingly, the Company considers the license to be fully impaired
and has fully amortized the license as of December 31, 2022. The impairment loss of is included in Accumulated Amortization
as of December 31, 2022. 

See
Note 13 for details of intangibles from an acquisition during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Amortization
expense on intangible assets totaled and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Goodwill
is considered impaired, and the Company recognized an impairment loss of , or the remaining balance of goodwill, during the year
ended December 31, 2022. This loss was primarily due to the fall in the Company s stock price and the decrease of the Company s
market capitalization as well as past operating performance. As a consequence, management forecasts were revised, and additional risk
factors were applied. The fair value of the intangibles was estimated using a combination of market comparables (level 1 inputs) and
expected present value of future cash flows (level 3 inputs) and as a result impairment was recorded for a total of . 

Accrued payroll 

Accrued expenses 
 - 

Accrued interest 
 
 - 
 
 Total Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities 

million
and million at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. Outstanding borrowings were million and as of December
31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. To secure the repayment of the Credit Limit, the Bank will have a first priority lien
and continuing security interest in the securities held in the Company s investment portfolio with the Bank. The amount outstanding
under the Line of Credit shall bear interest equal to the Reference Rate plus the Spread (as defined in the Line of Credit) in effect
each day. Interest is due and payable monthly in arrears. The interest rate on the Line of Credit was at December 31, 2022, and
 at December 31, 2021. The Bank may, at any time, without notice, and at its sole discretion, demand the repayment of the outstanding
borrowing. 

Vehicle
Loans 

The
Company has entered into various loans for the purchase of vehicles in the ordinary course of business. Each loan is secured by the vehicle
that is financed. One of the lenders has provided a commercial line of credit of million, under which approximately million
remained available as of December 31, 2022, for the financing of vehicles under retail installment contracts through May 31, 2023. The
vehicle loans under the commercial line of credit and from other sources have interest rates that range from to (primarily). 

Other
Debt 

On
November 24, 2020, the Company issued a note payable in the amount of ; the loan bore interest at a rate of per month; the
maturity date on the loan was ; the Company had the option to extend the maturity date for seven one-month terms. As part
of the terms of the loan, the note holder was issued shares of common stock. The Company exercised the option to extend the loan
from April 21, 2021, to August 21, 2021, and issued shares to the note holder for each monthly extension. 

On
March 10, 2021, the Company borrowed a total of and issued promissory notes for to each of three related parties. The
notes bore interest at a rate of per month. The principal and interest thereon were payable on , or upon completion
of the Company s initial public offering if earlier. In connection with these loans, each lender was issued shares of the
Company s common stock for a total of shares. 

On
April 16, 2021, the Company issued a promissory note to a lender for , including of interest at the rate of per
annum. The loan maturity was the earlier of January 16, 2022, or two weeks after the Company s initial public offering. In the event
the loan matured earlier than , the full amount of interest for the nine-month term was due. As additional consideration
for the loan, the Company granted the lender shares in stock warrants, each of which may be exchanged for one share common stock
of the stock offered to the public in the Company s initial public offering, at a price of of the offering price of such initial
public offering. Such warrants may, be need not, be exercised by the lender for a period of three years from their issuance. 

On
June 25, 2021, the Company issued promissory notes to two related parties for each, including an original issue discount of
 . The notes each bore interest at per month on the unpaid principal balance. The notes matured on the earlier of December 25,
2021, or the consummation of the Company s initial public offering. 

On
July 26, 2021, the company issued promissory notes to two related parties for each, including an original issue discount of
 . The notes bore interest at per month on the unpaid principal balance. The notes matured on the earlier of January 26, 2022,
or the consummation of the Company s initial public offering. 

On
August 18, 2021, the Company issued a promissory note to a related party in the amount of , including an original issue discount
of . The note bore interest at per year and all interest accrued until the Maturity date. The maturity date of the note was
 , 

On
August 19, 2021, the Company issued a promissory note to a lender in the amount of , including an original issue discount of
 . The note bore interest at per year and all interest accrued until the Maturity date. The maturity date of the note was , 

All
debt except for vehicle loans was repaid in September 2021 after the consummation of the Company s IPO. Amounts remaining in debt
discount were included in interest expense. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ).
The PPP, established as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), provides for loans to
qualifying businesses for amounts up to 2.5 times of the average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business. The loans and accrued
interest are forgivable after eight weeks provided the borrower uses the loan proceeds for eligible purposes, including payroll, benefits,
rent and utilities, and maintains its payroll levels. The amount of loan forgiveness will be reduced if the borrower terminates employees
or reduces salaries during the eight-week period. 

On
September 17, 2021, of the PPP loan in the amount of and accrued interest was forgiven by the SBA, and no repayment is
required. 

million common shares and 
million preferred shares. Immediately prior to the Company s IPO in December 2022, all shares of common stock then outstanding
converted into an aggregate of 
shares of common stock following a 

On
August 1, 2020, the Company s board of directors approved the EzFill Holdings, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (Plan), which plan
has also been approved by the Company s shareholders. The Company has reserved of its outstanding shares of common stock
for issuance under the Plan. On June 3, 2022, the Company s board of directors approved the EzFill Holdings, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive
Plan (2022 Plan), which plan has also been approved by the Company s shareholders. The Company has reserved of its outstanding
shares of common stock for issuance under the 2022 Plan. Participation in the Plans will continue until the benefits to which the participants
are entitled have been paid in full. 

Common
stock 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, shares of common stock were sold for cash proceeds of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares to an executive as a signing bonus and recorded related stock compensation
expense of and issued signing shares to directors and recorded related stock compensation expense of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of related to shares granted for sponsorships
and related to shares granted to consultants. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares related to accrued bonuses, and shares related to an acquisition
that had previously been accrued in 2020. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares to a consultant for services rendered and recorded stock compensation
of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares to the sellers of the assets of Full Service Fueling. See note 13. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of restricted stock and stock options to executives. Total
stock compensation expense of is being recorded over the vesting period. Included in these amounts are shares of stock
and stock options granted to two former executives for which vesting was accelerated upon their termination. The Company also
granted a total of restricted shares to directors during the year ended December 31, 2022, for which stock compensation expense
of is being recorded over the vesting period. The aforementioned grants were made pursuant to the Company s 2020 Incentive
Compensation Plan. 

A
total of shares of restricted stock were issued to employees, board members and consultants during the year ended December 31,
2022. The restricted shares vest over periods from one to three years and are being recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over
the vesting period of the awards. A total expense of and was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021,
respectively. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

December 31, 2022 

The
Company recognizes forfeitures of restricted shares as they occur rather than estimating a forfeiture rate. The reduction of stock compensation
expense related to the forfeitures was and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Unrecognized
stock compensation expense related to restricted stock was approximately as of December
 31, 2022, which will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

Stock
Options and Warrants 

Options granted 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The
fair value of the stock options granted in 2022 was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Expected volatility 

Expected term (years) 

Dividend yield 

Unrecognized
stock compensation expense related to stock options was approximately as of December
 31, 2022, which will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

The
underwriter s representatives for the Company s IPO received warrants to purchase up to shares. The warrants are
exercisable from March 14, 2022, until September 14, 2026, at an exercise price of per share. 

In
April 2021, the Company issued warrants to a lender in connection with a loan that has been repaid. The warrants are exercisable
until , at per share. 

The
intrinsic value of options and warrants outstanding at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. 

square feet of office space, for occupancy effective January 1, 2022. The lease
term is months, and the total monthly payment is , including base rent, estimated operating expenses and sales tax. The base
rent of including sales tax was abated for months 1, 13 and 25 of the lease, and is subject to a 3 annual increase. An initial
Right of Use ROU asset of was recognized as a non-cash asset addition with the adoption of the lease accounting
standard. Cash paid for amounts included in the present value of operating lease liabilities was for the year ended December
31, 2022, and is included in cash flows from operating activities in the accompanying consolidated statement of cash flows. The operating
lease expense for this lease was for the year ended December 31, 2022, and is included in operating expenses in the consolidated
statements of operations. 

2024 

2025 

Total undiscounted operating leases payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present Value of Operating Lease Liabilities 

Other Information 

Weighted-average remaining lease term 
 years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 

As
a practical expedient, short-term leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are excluded from the consolidated balance sheets
and charges from these leases are expensed as incurred. The
Company has offices at several of its operating locations under leases that are cancellable upon short notice. Total rent expense for
these leases (including the prior headquarters office) was approximately and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and
2021, respectively. 

Intangibles 

Net operating loss 

Lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Capitalized research expenditures 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Total gross deferred tax asset 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation 

Prepaid assets 

Right of use asset 
 
 - 
 
 Less: Valuation allowances 

Net deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

Valuation allowance 

Total Tax Provision 
 - 
 - 

Permanent differences, net 

State income tax benefit 

Deferred adjustments 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total income tax provision 
 - 
 - 

Federal
net operating loss carryforwards at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 totaled approximately million and million, respectively,
for tax purposes, which will be 

The
Company reviews its filing positions for all open tax years in all U.S. federal and state jurisdictions where the Company is required
to file. The tax years subject to examination include the years 2019 and forward. 

There
are no uncertain tax positions that would require recognition in the consolidated financial statements. If the Company incurs an income
tax liability in the future, interest on any income tax liability would be reported as interest expense and penalties on any income tax
liability would be reported as income taxes. The Company s conclusions regarding uncertain tax positions may be subject to review
and adjustment at a later date based upon ongoing analyses of tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof as well as other factors. 

million at December 31, 2022. To secure the repayment of the Credit Limit, the Bank
will have a first priority lien and continuing security interest in the securities held in the Company s investment portfolio with
the Bank. 

The
amount outstanding under the Line of Credit shall bear interest equal to the Reference Rate plus the Spread (as defined in the Line of
Credit) in effect each day. Interest is due and payable monthly in arrears. The interest rate on the Line of Credit was at December
31, 2022. 

The
Bank may, at any time, without notice, and at its sole discretion, demand the repayment of the outstanding balance and accrued interest
thereon, be immediately repaid in full, and the Bank may terminate the Line of Credit. Outstanding balances under the Line of Credit were and at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

cash after a credit of , and (b) common shares, with a value of 
based upon the Company s closing stock price on the Nasdaq on the date immediately preceding the Closing Date. Further, the Purchase
Agreement includes provisions wherein the Company agrees to utilize Seller s affiliate Palmdale Oil Company, Inc. Palmdale as one if its main fuel suppliers throughout the state of Florida. Palmdale will also provide the Company with access to vehicle parking
at their locations throughout the state in order to support the expansion of the Company s mobile fueling business. This acquisition
was considered an acquisition of a business under ASC 805. 

Customer list 

Loading rack license 

Other identifiable intangibles 

Goodwill 

Purchase Allocation 

Common stock 

Purchase Allocation 

The
vehicles and the identifiable intangibles will be depreciated and amortized over their estimated useful lives. Transaction costs related
to the acquisition were not material. 

The
results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, include approximately of revenue and net loss related to
the acquired business since the , acquisition date. 

Net Loss 

Net Loss per common share basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares basic and diluted 

restricted shares of the Company s
common stock (the Options ). The Options exercise prices, vesting requirements, and expiration dates will be set
forth in an option agreement between the Consultant and the Company. At the end of the Term, unless extended by the parties in writing,
all unvested Options will immediately expire. In conjunction with the Consulting Agreement, the Consultant entered into several Non-Qualified
Stock Option Agreements Option Agreements with the Company. The first Option Agreement is for option shares that
have an exercise price of per share and an expiration date five years from the vesting date. The second Option Agreement is for
 option shares that have an exercise price of per share and an expiration date five years from the vesting date. The third
Option Agreement is for option shares that have an exercise price of per share and an expiration date five years from the
vesting date. The fourth Option Agreement is for option shares that have an exercise price of per share and an expiration
date five years from the vesting date. Within each of the aforementioned Option Agreements, there are performance conditions and vesting
dates with specific percentages of shares to vest. To exercise the Option, the Consultant (or in the case of exercise after the Consultant s
death or incapacity, the Consultant s executor, administrator, heir or legatee, as the case may be) must deliver to the Company
a written notice of exercise per the Consulting Agreement. 

On
February 10, 2023, the Board of Directors appointed Mr. Daniel Arbour as a non-independent director. Mr. Arbour s term will continue
until its expiration or renewal at the Company s next annual meeting of shareholders or until his earlier resignation or removal.
Mr. Arbour will not serve on any of the Board s committees. Mr. Arbour will receive a Board equivalent stock fee of . Stock
compensation will be based on a specific dollar amount translated into a specific number of shares of stock. Stock grant equivalent shares
will be granted annually at the Company s annual meeting date and will fully vest in 12 months or one day before the following
year s annual meeting whichever is sooner. Grants will be based on the closing price of the Company on the effective date of the
grant, or the Company s annual shareholder meeting date. On February 15, 2023, the Company entered into a consulting agreement
(the Consulting Agreement with Mountain Views Strategy Ltd Mountain Views ). Daniel Arbour is the principal
and founder of Mountain Views. Pursuant to the Consulting Agreement, Mountain Views agrees to provide services as an outsourced chief
revenue officer The Company will pay Mountain Views USD per month and cover other certain expenses. The term of the Consulting
Agreement is for twelve months from the effective date however, either party may terminate the Consulting Agreement on two weeks written
notice to the other party. 

On
February 17, 2023, the Company entered into a Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with ThinkEquity LLC (the Sales
Agent ), pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time through the Sales Agent, shares (the Shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ), having an aggregate offering price
of up to , subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement. The Company filed a prospectus supplement to its registration
statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-268960) offering the Shares. Under the Sales Agreement, the Sales Agent may sell the Shares in sales
deemed to be an at-the-market offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act ), including sales made directly on or through The NASDAQ Capital Market or any other existing trading
market for the Common Stock, in negotiated transactions at market prices prevailing at the time of sale or at prices related to such
prevailing market prices, and/or any other method permitted by law. The Company may instruct the Sales Agent not to sell the Shares if
the sales cannot be affected at or above the price designated by the Company from time to time. The Company is not obligated to make
any sales of the Shares under the Sales Agreement. The offering pursuant to the Sales Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of (i)
the sale of all of the Shares subject to the Sales Agreement and (ii) termination of the Sales Agreement as permitted therein. The Company
will pay the Sales Agent a fixed commission rate of of the aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of the Shares pursuant to the
Sales Agreement and has agreed to provide the Sales Agent with customary indemnification and contribution rights. The Company also agreed
to reimburse the Sales Agent the fees and expenses of the Sales Agent including but not limited to the fees and expenses of the counsel
to the Sales Agent, payable upon the execution of the Sales Agreement, in an amount not to exceed . In addition, the Company will
reimburse the Sales Agent upon request for such costs, fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Sales Agreement in an amount
not to exceed on a quarterly basis for the first three quarters of each year and for the fourth quarter of each year.
As of March 10, 2023, a total of shares had been sold under the ATM for gross proceeds of . 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

There
were no disagreements related to accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, internal controls or auditing scope
or procedure during the two fiscal years and their respective interim periods. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Management s
Report on Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer (also our Principal Executive Officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (also our Principal Financial
and Accounting Officer) to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the end of our fiscal year covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with
the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (also our Principal Executive and Financial Reporting and
Accounting Officers), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing,
our Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of
the end of the period covered by this annual report. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Responsibility estimates
and judgments by management are required to assess the expected benefits and related costs of control procedures. The objectives of internal
control include providing management with reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized
use or disposition, and that transactions are executed in accordance with management s authorization and recorded properly to permit
the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment,
our management used the criteria set forth in the report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework 
published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Our management has concluded that,
as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective in providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with US generally accepted accounting
principles. Our management reviewed the results of their assessment with our Board of directors. 

Inherent
Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

Internal
control over financial reporting has inherent limitations which include but is not limited to the use of independent professionals for
advice and guidance, interpretation of existing and/or changing rules and principles, segregation of management duties, scale of organization,
and personnel factors. Internal control over financial reporting is a process which involves human diligence and compliance and is subject
to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented
by collusion or improper management override. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis, however these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process
and it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Therefore, even those systems determined
to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The
fundamental controls and control processes remained consistent with prior years during the year ended December 31, 2022. There have been
no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, that have materially
or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

42 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
information required by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated into this report by reference. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
information required by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated into this report by reference. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information required by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated into this report by reference. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
information required by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated into this report by reference. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
information required by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated into this report by reference. 

43 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

a)
Financial Statements 

1) 
 Financial
 statements for our Company are listed in the index under Item 8 of this document. 

2) 
 All
 financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the
 financial statements or notes thereto. 

b)
Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement dated September 14, 2021, by and between EzFill Holdings Inc. and ThinkEquity LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 16, 2021. 

2.1 
 
 Asset Purchase and Fuel Supply Agreement dated March 2, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 3, 2022. 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-256691), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2021. 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of the Registrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-256691), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2021. 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 16, 2021. 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate of the Registrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-256691), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2021. 

4.2 
 
 Form of Representatives Warrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-256691), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2021. 

4.3 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities. 

10.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement between Neighborhood Fuel, Inc. and Neighborhood Fuel Holdings, LLC, dated as of February 19, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-256691), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2021. 

10.2 
 
 Asset Sale and Purchase Agreement between EzFill Fl, LLC and EzFill Holdings, Inc., dated as of April 9, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-256691), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2021. 

10.3 
 
 Promissory Note, dated November 24, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-256691), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2021. 

10.3 
 
 Promissory Note, dated June 25, 2021 issued to LH MA 2 LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-256691), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2021. 

44 

10.4 
 
 Promissory Note dated June 25, 2021 issued to the Farkas Group, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-256691), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2021. 

10.5 
 
 Promissory Note dated July 26, 2021 issued to LH MA 2 LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-256691), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2021. 

10.6 
 
 Promissory Note dated July 26, 2021 issued to the Farkas Group, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-256691), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2021. 

10.7 
 
 Promissory Note dated August 18, 2021 issued to the Farkas Group, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-256691), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2021. 

10.8 
 
 Promissory Note dated August 19, 2021 issued to Hutton Capital Management, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-256691), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2021. 

10.9 
 
 Securities-Based Line of Credit, Promissory Note, Security, Pledge and Guaranty Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 15, 2021. 

10.10
 + 
 
 Employment Agreement between EzFill Holdings, Inc. and Michael McConnell incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-256691), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2021. 

10.11
 + 
 
 Employment Agreement between EzFill Holdings, Inc. and Richard Dery. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-256691), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2021. 

10.12
 + 
 
 Employment Agreement between EzFill Holdings, Inc. and Arthur Levine incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-256691), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2021. 

10.13
 + 
 
 Stock Incentive Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-256691), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2021. 

10.14 
 
 Technology License Agreement between Fuel Butler, LLC and EzFill Holdings, Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-256691), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2021. 

10.15 
 
 Securities-Based Line of Credit, Promissory Note, Security Pledge and Guaranty Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 15, 2021. 

10.16 
 
 Employment Offer Letter dated January 11, 2022 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 18, 2022. 

10.17 
 
 Separation Agreement and Release incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 3, 2022. 

10.18 
 
 Non Independent Board Member Letter Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 3, 2022. 

10.19 
 
 Asset Purchase and Fuel Supply Agreement dated March 2, 2022 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 3, 2022. 

45 

10.20 
 
 Form of Loading Rack Licensing Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 3, 2022. 

10.21 
 
 Mutual Non-Solicitation and Non-Interference Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 3, 2022. 

10.22 
 
 Separation Agreement and Release Agreement dated June 1, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 3, 2022. 

10.23 
 
 EZFill Holdings, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 7, 2022. 

10.24 
 
 Separation Agreement and Release Agreement dated December 14, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 15, 2022. 

10.25 
 
 Consulting Agreement by and between EzFill Holdings, Inc. and Lunar Project LLC dated January 23, 2023, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 27, 2023. 

10.26 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 27, 2023. 

10.27 
 
 Sales Agreement, dated February 17, 2023, by and between the Registrant and ThinkEquity LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 17, 2023. 

10.28 
 
 Consulting Agreement between Mountain Views Strategy Ltd. and EzFill Holdings, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 16, 2023. 

21 
 
 List of Subsidiaries incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to Amendment No. 4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-256691), as amended, originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 20, 2021. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

101.INS 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Link 

101.DEF 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 
 
 + 
 Indicates
 management contract or compensatory plan. 

46 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized on this 17th day of March 2023. 

EZFILL
 HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Michael McConnell 

Michael
 McConnell 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

In
accordance with the Exchange Act, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on March 17, 2023 on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities indicated. 

By: 
 /s/
 Michael McConnell 

Michael
 McConnell 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 Arthur Levine 

Arthur
 Levine 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 Jack Levine 

Jack
 Levine 

Director 

By: 
 /s/
 Allen Weiss 

Allen
 Weiss 

Director 

By: 
 /s/
 Luis Reyes 

Luis
 Reyes 

Director 

By: 
 /s/
 Mark Lev 

Mark
 Lev 

Director 

By: 
 /s/
 Cheryl Hanrehan 

Cheryl
 Hanrehan 

Director 

By: 
 /s/
 Daniel Arbour 

Daniel
 Arbour 

Director 

47 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 ex4-3.htm

Exhibit
4.3 

EzFill
Holdings, Inc. Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the 

 Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

The
following is a summary of the rights and preferences of the common stock and preferred stock of EzFill Holdings, Inc. a Delaware corporation
(the Company ), and certain provisions of the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the certificate
of incorporation ), and bylaws (the bylaws and applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the
 DGCL ). This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the provisions of our and restated
certificate of incorporation and bylaws, each of which is included as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit
forms a part, and the DGCL. 

In
this description, the terms the Company, we, our and us means EzFill Holdings,
Inc. 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of five hundred million (500,000,000) shares of common stock, par value .0001 per share, and fifty
million (50,000,000) shares of preferred stock, par value .0001 per share, all of which shares of preferred stock will be undesignated. 

Common
Stock 

The
holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. The
holders of our common stock do not have any cumulative voting rights. Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably any
dividends declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available for that purpose, subject to any preferential dividend rights
of any outstanding preferred stock. Our common stock has no preemptive rights, conversion rights or other subscription rights or redemption
or sinking fund provisions. 

In
the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in all assets
remaining after payment of all debts and other liabilities and any liquidation preference of any outstanding preferred stock. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
board of directors has the authority, without further action by our stockholders, to issue up to 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock
in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions thereof. These rights, preferences and privileges
could include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences, sinking fund terms and
the number of shares constituting, or the designation of, such series, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of common stock.
The issuance of our preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of common stock and the likelihood that such holders
will receive dividend payments and payments upon our liquidation. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect
of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of our company or other corporate action. 

We
do not have preferred stock outstanding. 

Appointment
of Directors 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation provides that subject to any limitations imposed by applicable law and subject to the rights of the holders
of any series of Preferred Stock, any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, disqualification, removal
or other causes and any newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors, shall, unless the Board of
Directors determines by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by the stockholders and except
as otherwise provided by applicable law, be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even though
less than a quorum of the Board of Directors, and not by the stockholders. Any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence
shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the director for which the vacancy was created or occurred and until such director s
successor shall have been elected and qualified. 

Amendments
of our Bylaws 

The
Board of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend, or repeal our Bylaws. Any adoption, amendment or repeal of our Bylaws shall
require the approval of a majority of the authorized number of directors. Our stockholders shall also have power to adopt, amend or repeal
the Bylaws of the Company; provided, however, that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of
the Company required by law or by our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, such action by stockholders shall require the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3 of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding
shares of the capital stock of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 

Section
203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law 

We
are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held
Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a three-year
period following the time that this stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed
manner. Under Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and an interested stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies
one of the following conditions: 

before
 the stockholder became interested, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted
 in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon
 consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder
 owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes
 of determining the voting stock outstanding, shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans,
 in some instances, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder; or 

at
 or after the time the stockholder became interested, the business combination was approved by our board of directors and authorized
 at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock
 which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Section
 203 defines a business combination to include: 

any
 merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; 

any
 sale, transfer, lease, pledge, or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation; 

subject
 to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the
 interested stockholder; 

subject
 to exceptions, any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of
 any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; and 

the
 receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges, or other financial benefits provided
 by or through the corporation. 

In
general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any entity or person beneficially owning 15 or more of the outstanding voting
stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by the entity or person. 

Exchange
Listing 

Our
common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol EZFL . 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Worldwide Stock Transfer. The transfer agent and registrar s address is One
University Plaza, Suite 505, Hackensack, NJ 07601. 

Choice
of Forum 

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum,
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought
on behalf of the Company; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee
of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Company arising pursuant
to any provision of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the
Company; or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company governed by the internal affairs doctrine. To the extent that any such
claims may be based upon federal law claims, Section 27 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, creates exclusive federal
jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.
Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, provides for concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts
over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, and as
such, the exclusive jurisdiction clauses of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation would not apply to such suits. The
choice of forum provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation may limit a stockholder s ability to bring
a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage
such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. By agreeing to these provisions, however, stockholders will
not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Furthermore, the
enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation and bylaws has been challenged
in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. If a
court were to find the choice of forum provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be inapplicable
or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Michael McConnell, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form EzFill Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:March
 17, 2023 

/s/
 Michael McConnell 

Michael
 McConnell 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Arthur Levine, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of EzFill Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 17, 2023 

/s/
 Arthur Levine 

Arthur
 Levine 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

 Certification
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as Adopted 

 Pursuant
to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Pursuant
to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act and
Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), each of the undersigned hereby certifies in
his capacity as an officer of EzFill Holdings, Inc. (the Company ), that, to the best of his knowledge: 

(1)
the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit
32.1 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and 

(2)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
 Michael McConnell 

Michael
 McConnell 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:
 March 17, 2023 

/s/
 Arthur Levine 

Arthur
 Levine 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date:
 March 17, 2023 

A
certification furnished pursuant to this Item will not be deemed filed for purposes of section 18 of the Exchange Act (15
U.S.C. 78r), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference
into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the small business issuer specifically incorporates
it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 ezfl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 ezfl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 ezfl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 ezfl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

