<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_947559_0000947559-23-000005.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24384231</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>352796</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3090461</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10281466</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5249433</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4923938</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000947559-23-000005.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301162612
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000947559-23-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		145
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRST BANCSHARES INC /MS/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000947559
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				640862173
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MS
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22507
		FILM NUMBER:		23693991

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6480 US HIGHWAY 98 WEST
		STREET 2:		SUITE A
		CITY:			HATTIESBURG
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39402
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6012688998

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6480 US HIGHWAY 98 WEST
		STREET 2:		SUITE A
		CITY:			HATTIESBURG
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39402

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORP /MS/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950705

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000947559-23-000005.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 fbms-20221231.htm
 10-K

fbms-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____ to ____ 
 Commission file no. 
 
 ________________________________________ 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Issuer s telephone number: ) 
 
 Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered , 1.00 par value 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one): 
 Large accelerated filer o x Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No 
 Based on the price at which the registrant s Common Stock was last sold on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was million. 
 On February 22, 2023, the registrant had outstanding shares of common stock. 
 Auditor Firm PCAOB ID: 
 Auditor Name: 
 Auditor Location: 

Table of Contents 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Certain portions of the Registrant s proxy statement to be filed for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 25, 2023 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Other than those portions of the proxy statement specifically incorporated by reference pursuant to Items 10-14 of Part III hereof, no other portions of the proxy statement shall be deemed so incorporated. 

Table of Contents 

 THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 7 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 20 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 29 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 29 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 29 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 29 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 30 
 ITEM 6. 
 RESERVED 
 31 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 32 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 55 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 58 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 122 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 122 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 123 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 124 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 124 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 124 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 124 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 124 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 125 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 128 
 SIGNATURES 
 129 

Table of Contents 

 THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 PART I 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including information incorporated by reference herein, contains statements which constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements are statements that include projections, predictions, expectations, or beliefs about future events or results or otherwise are not statements of historical fact, and may include statements relating to our projected growth, anticipated future financial performance, financial condition, credit quality and management s long-term performance goals, as well as statements relating to the anticipated effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations from expected developments or events, our business, growth and strategies. Such statements are often characterized by the use of qualifying words (and their derivatives) such as may, would, could, should, will, expect, anticipate, predict, project, seek, potential, aim, continue, assume, believe, intend, plan, forecast, goal, estimate, or other statements concerning opinions or judgments of the Company, the Bank, and management about possible future events or outcomes. 
 These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, and are based upon current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management s beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. The inclusion of these forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that such expectations, estimates and projections will be achieved. Accordingly, we caution you that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, assumptions and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and that are beyond our control. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this Annual Report, actual results may prove to be materially different from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. There are or will be important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 Factors that could influence the accuracy of such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, competitive pressures among financial institutions increasing significantly; economic conditions, either nationally or locally, in areas in which the Company conducts operations being less favorable than expected; interest rate risk; legislation or regulatory changes which adversely affect the ability of the consolidated Company to conduct business combinations or new operations; financial success or changing strategies of the Bank s customers or vendors; actions of government regulators; and the risk that anticipated benefits from the recent acquisitions are not realized in the time frame anticipated or at all as a result of changes in general economic and market conditions. 
 Potential risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 negative impacts on our business, profitability and our stock price that could result from prolonged periods of inflation; 
 risks and uncertainties relating to recent, pending or potential future mergers or acquisitions, including risks related to the completion of such acquisitions within expected timeframes and the successful integration of the business that we acquire into our operations; 
 the risks that a future economic downturn and contraction, including a recession, could have a material adverse effect on our capital, financial condition, credit quality, results of operations and future growth, including the risk that the strength of the current economic environment could be weakened by the continued impact of rising interest rates, supply chain challenges and inflation; 
 disruptions to the financial markets as a result of the current or anticipated impact of military conflict, including escalating military tension between Russia and Ukraine, terrorism or other geopolitical events; 
 governmental monetary and fiscal policies, including interest rate policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve; 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 the costs and effects of litigation, investigations, inquiries or similar matters, or adverse facts and developments related thereto, including the costs and effects of litigation related to our participation in government stimulus programs associated with the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 reduced earnings due to higher credit losses generally and specifically because losses in the sectors of our loan portfolio secured by real estate are greater than expected due to economic factors, including declining real estate values, increasing interest rates, increasing unemployment, or changes in payment behavior or other factors occurring in those areas; 
 general economic conditions, either nationally or regionally and especially in our primary service areas, becoming less favorable than expected resulting in, among other things, a deterioration in credit quality; 
 adverse changes in asset quality and resulting credit risk-related losses and expenses; 
 ability of borrowers to repay loans, which can be adversely affected by a number of factors, including changes in economic conditions, adverse trends or events affecting business industry groups, reductions in real estate values or markets, business closings or layoffs, natural disasters, public health emergencies and international instability; 
 changes in laws and regulations affecting our businesses, including governmental monetary and fiscal policies, legislation and regulations relating to bank products and services, as well as changes in the enforcement and interpretation of such laws and regulations by applicable governmental and self-regulatory agencies, which could require us to change certain business practices, increase compliance risk, reduce our revenue, impose additional costs on us, or otherwise negatively affect our businesses; 
 the financial impact of future tax legislation; 
 changes in political conditions or the legislative or regulatory environment, including the possibility that the U.S. could default on its debt obligations; 
 the adequacy of the level of our allowance for credit losses and the amount of credit loss provision required to replenish the allowance in future periods; 
 reduced earnings due to higher credit losses because our loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower type, or location of the borrower or collateral; 
 changes in the interest rate environment which could reduce anticipated or actual margins; 
 increased funding costs due to market illiquidity, increased competition for funding, higher interest rates, and increased regulatory requirements with regard to funding; 
 results of examinations by our regulatory authorities, including the possibility that the regulatory authorities may, among other things, require us to increase our allowance for credit losses through additional credit loss provisions or write-down of our assets; 
 the rate of delinquencies and amount of loans charged-off; 
 the impact of our efforts to raise capital on our financial position, liquidity, capital, and profitability; 
 significant increases in competition in the banking and financial services industries; 
 changes in the securities markets; 
 significant turbulence or a disruption in the capital or financial markets and the effect of a fall in stock market prices on our investment securities; 
 loss of consumer confidence and economic disruptions resulting from national disasters or terrorist activities; 
 our ability to retain our existing customers, including our deposit relationships; 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 changes occurring in business conditions and inflation; 
 changes in technology or risks related to cybersecurity; 
 changes in deposit flows; 
 changes in accounting principles, policies, or guidelines, including the impact of the new current expected credit loss CECL standard; 
 our ability to maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting; 
 risks related to the continued use, availability and reliability of London Inter-Bank Offered Rate LIBOR and other benchmark rates; and 
 other risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 We have based our forward-looking statements on our current expectations about future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in and the assumptions underlying our forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that these expectations will be achieved or the assumptions will be accurate. The Company disclaims any obligation to update such factors or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements included herein to reflect future events or developments. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, included in Item 1A. Risk Factors and in our future filings with the SEC. Further information on The First Bancshares, Inc. is available in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, available at the SEC s website, http://www.sec.gov . 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY 
 Overview and History 
 The First Bancshares, Inc. Company was incorporated on June 23, 1995 to serve as a bank holding company for The First Bank The First ), formerly known as The First, A National Banking Association, headquartered in Hattiesburg, Mississippi. The Company is a Mississippi corporation and is a registered bank holding company. The First began operations on August 5, 1996 from our main office in the Oak Grove community, which is now incorporated within the city of Hattiesburg. As of December 31, 2022, The First operated 90 locations in Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, Georgia and Louisiana. Our principal executive offices are located at 6480 U.S. Highway 98 West, Hattiesburg, Mississippi 39402, and our telephone number is (601) 268-8998. 
 The Company is a community-focused financial institution that offers a full range of financial services to individuals, businesses, municipal entities, and nonprofit organizations in the communities that it serves. These services include consumer and commercial loans, deposit accounts and safe deposit services. 
 We have benefited from historically strong asset quality metrics compared to most of our peers, which we believe illustrates our historically disciplined underwriting and credit culture. As such, we benefited from our strength by taking advantage of growth opportunities when many of our peers were unable to do so. We have also focused on growing earnings per share and increasing our tangible common equity and tangible book value per share. 
 In recent years, we have developed and executed a regional expansion strategy to take advantage of growth opportunities through several acquisitions, which has allowed us to expand our footprint to Alabama, Florida Louisiana and Georgia. We believe the conversion and integration of these acquisitions have been successful to date, and we are optimistic that these markets will continue to contribute to our future growth and success. In addition, we continue to experience organic loan growth by continuing to strengthen our relationships with existing clients and creating new relationships. 
 On January 15, 2022, The First, then named The First, A National Banking Association, converted from a national banking association to a Mississippi state-chartered bank and changed its name to The First Bank. The First Bank is now a member of the Federal Reserve System through the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta. 
 Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context requires otherwise, all references in this report to the Company , we , us , our , or similar references, mean The First Bancshares, Inc. and our subsidiaries, including our banking subsidiary, The First, on a consolidated basis. References to The First or the Bank mean our wholly owned banking subsidiary, The First Bank. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 At December 31, 2022, we employed 870 full-time equivalent employees spanning 5 states and 90 locations. 
 We are dedicated to providing competitive compensation and benefit programs to help attract and maintain skilled and highly trained employees. Our compensation and benefit programs include: a "401(k)" plan with matching contributions, a Loan Incentive Plan for our lending officers, an Employee Stock Ownership Plan, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings, flexible spending accounts, and paid time off. The Company offers a Continuing Education Program for our employees to support and help them attain personal goals and professional achievements by encouraging and supporting those who pursue and participate in continuing their education. 
 We endeavor to ensure that the makeup of our employees, management team and board of directors are reflective of the diversity of the communities we serve. We believe in the importance of diversity and value the benefits that diversity can bring, and we are dedicated to fostering and maintaining an inclusive culture that solicits multiple perspectives and views and is free of conscious or unconscious bias and discrimination. 
 We strive to maintain a safe and healthy working environment. We provide our employees with access to a Grief Counseling and Confidential Assistance Program, which provides counseling services to employees on a confidential basis to ensure our employees get the help they may need. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Market Areas 
 As of December 31, 2022, The First had 90 locations across Mississippi, Louisiana, Alabama, Florida and Georgia. 
 Recent Developments 
 On January 15, 2022, The First, then named The First, A National Banking Association, converted from a national banking association to a Mississippi state-chartered bank and changed its name to The First Bank. The First is now a member of the Federal Reserve System through the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta. 
 On August 1, 2022, we completed the acquisition of Beach Bancorp, Inc. ("BBI"), and immediately thereafter merged its wholly-owned subsidiary, Beach Bank, with and into The First. The Company paid a total consideration of approximately 101.5 million to the former Beach shareholders as consideration in the acquisition, which included 3,498,936 shares of the Company's common stock, and approximately 1 thousand in cash in lieu of fractional shares, and also assumed options entitling the owners thereof to purchase an additional 310,427 shares of the Company's common stock. 
 On January 1, 2023, we completed the acquisition of Heritage Southeast Bancorporation, Inc. ("HSBI"), and immediately thereafter merged with and into the Company. The Company paid a total consideration of approximately 221.5 million to the former HSBI shareholders as consideration in the acquisition, which included approximately 6,920,909 shares of the Company's common stock, and approximately 16 thousand in cash in lieu of fractional shares. 
 Banking Services 
 We strive to provide our customers with the breadth of products and services offered by large regional banks, while maintaining the timely response and personal service of a locally owned and managed bank. In addition to offering a full range of deposit services and loan products, we have a mortgage and private banking division. The following is a description of the products and services we offer. 
 Deposit Services . We offer a full range of deposit services that are typically available in most banks and savings institutions, including checking accounts, NOW accounts, savings accounts, and other time deposits of various types, ranging from daily money market accounts to longer-term certificates of deposit. The transaction accounts and time certificates are tailored to our principal market areas at rates competitive to those offered by other banks in these areas. All deposit accounts are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC up to the maximum amount allowed by law. We solicit these accounts from individuals, businesses, associations, organizations, and governmental authorities. In addition, we offer certain retirement account services, such as Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs) and health savings accounts. 
 Loan Products . We offer a full range of commercial and personal loans. Commercial loans include both secured and unsecured loans for working capital (including loans secured by inventory and accounts receivable), business expansion (including acquisition of real estate and improvements), purchase of equipment and machinery, and interest rate swap agreements to facilitate the risk management strategies of certain commercial customers. Consumer loans include equity lines of credit, secured and unsecured loans for financing automobiles, home improvements, education, and personal investments. We also make real estate construction and acquisition loans. In addition, we offer interest rate swap agreements to certain commercial customers to facilitate the their risk management strategies. Our lending activities are subject to a variety of lending limits imposed by federal law. While differing limits apply in certain circumstances based on the type of loan or the nature of the borrower (including the borrower s relationship to the bank), in general we are subject to an aggregate loans-to-one-borrower limit of 15 of our unimpaired capital and surplus. 
 Mortgage Loan Division . We have a residential mortgage loan division which originates conventional or government agency insured loans to purchase existing residential homes, construct new homes or refinance existing mortgages. 
 Private Banking Division. We have a private banking division, which offers financial and wealth management services to individuals who meet certain criteria. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Other Services . Other bank services we offer include online internet banking services, automated teller machines, voice response telephone inquiry services, commercial sweep accounts, cash management services, safe deposit boxes, merchant services, mobile deposit, direct deposit of payroll and social security checks, and automatic drafts for various accounts. We network with other automated teller machines that may be used by our customers throughout our market area and other regions. The First also offers credit card services through a correspondent bank. 
 Competition 
 The First generally competes with other financial institutions through the selection of banking products and services offered, the pricing of services, the level of service provided, the convenience and availability of services, and the degree of expertise and the personal manner in which services are offered. State law permits statewide branching by banks and savings institutions, and many financial institutions in our market area have branch networks. Consequently, commercial banking in Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, Florida, and Georgia is highly competitive. Many large banking organizations currently operate in our market area, several of which are controlled by out-of-state ownership. In addition, competition between commercial banks and thrift institutions (savings institutions and credit unions) has been intensified significantly by the elimination of many previous distinctions between the various types of financial institutions and the expanded powers and increased activity of thrift institutions in areas of banking which previously had been the sole domain of commercial banks. Federal legislation, together with other regulatory changes by the primary regulators of the various financial institutions, has resulted in the almost total elimination of practical distinctions between a commercial bank and a thrift institution. Consequently, competition among financial institutions of all types is largely unlimited with respect to legal ability and authority to provide most financial services. Currently there are numerous other commercial banks, savings institutions, and credit unions operating in The First s primary service area. 
 We face increased competition from both federally-chartered and state-chartered financial and thrift institutions, as well as credit unions, consumer finance companies, insurance companies, and other institutions in the Company s market area. Some of these competitors are not subject to the same degree of regulation and restriction imposed upon the Company. Many of these competitors also have broader geographic markets and substantially greater resources and lending limits than the Company and offer certain services such as trust banking that the Company does not currently provide. In addition, many of these competitors have numerous branch offices located throughout the extended market areas of the Company that may provide these competitors with an advantage in geographic convenience that the Company does not have at present. 
 We also compete with numerous financial and quasi-financial institutions for deposits and loans, including providers of financial services over the internet, and financial technology, or fintech companies. Recent technology advances and other changes have allowed parties to effect financial transactions that previously required the involvement of banks. For example, consumers can maintain funds in brokerage accounts or mutual funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits. Consumers can also complete transactions such as paying bills and transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. These nontraditional financial service providers have been successful in developing digital and other products and services that effectively compete with traditional banking services, but are in some cases subject to fewer regulatory restrictions than banks and bank holding companies, allowing them to operate with greater flexibility and lower cost structures. Although digital products and services have been important competitive features of financial institutions for some time, the COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated the move toward digital financial services products and we expect that trend to continue. 
 Available Information 
 Pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act we are required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and other filings pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and amendments to such filings. The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains the reports, proxy statements, and other filings we electronically file with the SEC. Such information is also available free of charge on or through our website www.thefirstbank.com as soon as reasonably practicable after each is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Information appearing on the Company s website is not part of any report that it files with the SEC. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 
 We are extensively regulated under federal and state law. The following is a brief summary that does not purport to be a complete description of all regulations that affect us or all aspects of those regulations. This discussion is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provisions described below and is not intended to be an exhaustive description of the statutes or regulations applicable to the Company s and The First s business. In addition, proposals to change the laws and regulations governing the banking industry are frequently raised at both the state and federal levels. The likelihood and timing of any changes in these laws and regulations, and the impact such changes may have on us and The First, are difficult to predict. In addition, bank regulatory agencies may issue enforcement actions, policy statements, interpretive letters and similar written guidance applicable to us or to The First. Changes in applicable laws, regulations or regulatory guidance, or their interpretation by regulatory agencies or courts may have a material adverse effect on our and The First s business, operations, and earnings. 
 We, The First, and our nonbank affiliates must undergo regular on-site examinations by the appropriate regulatory agency, which will examine for adherence to a range of legal and regulatory compliance responsibilities. A bank regulator conducting an examination has complete access to the books and records of the examined institution. The results of the examination are confidential. Supervision and regulation of banks, their holding companies and affiliates is intended primarily for the protection of depositors and customers, the Deposit Insurance Fund ("DIF") of the FDIC, and the U.S. banking and financial system rather than holders of our capital stock. 
 Bank Holding Company Regulation 
 We are registered as a bank holding company with the Federal Reserve under the Bank Holding Company Act, as amended ("BHC Act"). As such, we are subject to comprehensive supervision, and regulation by the Federal Reserve and are subject to its regulatory reporting requirements. Federal law subjects bank holding companies, such as the Company, to particular restrictions on the types of activities in which they may engage, and to a range of supervisory requirements and activities, including regulatory enforcement actions for violations of laws and regulations. 
 Violations of laws and regulations, or other unsafe and unsound practices, may result in regulatory agencies imposing fines or penalties, cease and desist orders, or taking other enforcement actions. Under certain circumstances, these agencies may enforce these remedies directly against officers, directors, employees and other parties participating in the affairs of a bank or bank holding company. Like all bank holding companies, we are regulated extensively under federal and state law. Under federal and state laws and regulations pertaining to the safety and soundness of insured depository institutions, state banking regulators, the Federal Reserve, and separately the FDIC as the insurer of bank deposits, have the authority to compel or restrict certain actions on our part if they determine that we have insufficient capital or other resources, or are otherwise operating in a manner that may be deemed to be inconsistent with safe and sound banking practices. Under this authority, our bank regulators can require us or our subsidiaries to enter into informal or formal supervisory agreements, including board resolutions, memoranda of understanding, written agreements and consent or cease and desist orders, pursuant to which we would be required to take identified corrective actions to address cited concerns and to refrain from taking certain actions. 
 If we become subject to and are unable to comply with the terms of any future regulatory actions or directives, supervisory agreements, or orders, then we could become subject to additional, heightened supervisory actions and orders, possibly including consent orders, prompt corrective action restrictions and/or other regulatory actions, including prohibitions on the payment of dividends on our common stock and preferred stock. If our regulators were to take such additional supervisory actions, then we could, among other things, become subject to significant restrictions on our ability to develop any new business, as well as restrictions on our existing business, and we could be required to raise additional capital, dispose of certain assets and liabilities within a prescribed period of time, or both. The terms of any such supervisory action could have a material negative effect on our business, reputation, operating flexibility, financial condition, and the value of our common stock and preferred stock. 
 Activity Limitations 
 Bank holding companies are generally restricted to engaging in the business of banking, managing or controlling banks; and certain other activities determined by the Federal Reserve to be closely related to banking. In addition, the Federal Reserve has the power to order a bank holding company or its subsidiaries to terminate any nonbanking activity or terminate its ownership or control of any nonbank subsidiary, when it has reasonable cause to believe that continuation of 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 such activity or such ownership or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial safety, soundness, or stability of any bank subsidiary of that bank holding company. 
 Source of Strength Obligations 
 A bank holding company, such as us, is required to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary bank. The term "source of financial strength" means the ability of a company, such as us, that directly or indirectly owns or controls an insured depository institution, such as The First, to provide financial assistance to such insured depository institution in the event of financial distress. The appropriate federal banking agency for the depository institution (in the case of The First, this agency is the Federal Reserve) may require reports from us to assess our ability to serve as a source of strength and to enforce compliance with the source of strength requirements by requiring us to provide financial assistance to The First in the event of financial distress. If we were to enter bankruptcy or become subject to the orderly liquidation process established by the Dodd-Frank Act, any commitment by us to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of The First would be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee or the FDIC, as appropriate, and entitled to a priority of payment. In addition, the FDIC provides that any insured depository institution generally will be liable for any loss incurred by the FDIC in connection with the default of, or any assistance provided by the FDIC to, a commonly controlled insured depository institution. The First is an FDIC-insured depository institution and thus subject to these requirements. 
 Acquisitions 
 The BHC Act permits acquisitions of banks by bank holding companies, such that we and any other bank holding company, whether located in Mississippi or elsewhere, may acquire a bank located in any other state, subject to certain deposit-percentage, age of bank charter requirements, and other restrictions. The BHC Act requires that a bank holding company obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before (i) acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any additional bank or bank holding company, (ii) taking any action that causes an additional bank or bank holding company to become a subsidiary of the bank holding company, or (iii) merging or consolidating with any other bank holding company. The Federal Reserve may not approve any such transaction that would result in a monopoly or would be in furtherance of any combination or conspiracy to monopolize or attempt to monopolize the business of banking in any section of the United States, or the effect of which may be substantially to lessen competition or to tend to create a monopoly in any section of the country, or that in any other manner would be in restraint of trade, unless the anticompetitive effects of the proposed transaction are clearly outweighed by the public interest in meeting the convenience and needs of the community to be served. The Federal Reserve is also required to consider: (1) the financial and managerial resources of the companies involved, including pro forma capital ratios; (2) the risk to the stability of the United States banking or financial system; (3) the convenience and needs of the communities to be served, including performance under the Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA"); and (4) the effectiveness of the companies in combating money laundering. 
 Change in Control 
 Federal law restricts the amount of voting stock of a bank holding company or a bank that a person may acquire without the prior approval of banking regulators. Under the federal Change in Bank Control Act and the regulations thereunder, a person or group must give advance notice to the Federal Reserve before acquiring control of any bank holding company, such as the Company, or before acquiring control of any state member bank, such as The First. Upon receipt of such notice, the Federal Reserve may approve or disapprove the acquisition. The Change in Bank Control Act creates a rebuttable presumption of control if a member or group acquires a certain percentage or more of a bank holding company s or bank s voting stock. As a result, a person or entity generally must provide prior notice to the Federal Reserve before acquiring the power to vote 10 or more of our outstanding common stock. The overall effect of such laws is to make it more difficult to acquire a bank holding company and a bank by tender offer or similar means than it might be to acquire control of another type of corporation. Consequently, shareholders of the Company may be less likely to benefit from the rapid increases in stock prices that may result from tender offers or similar efforts to acquire control of other companies. Investors should be aware of these requirements when acquiring shares of our stock. 
 Governance and Financial Reporting Obligations 
 We are required to comply with various corporate governance and financial reporting requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as rules and regulations adopted by the SEC, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, and NASDAQ. In particular, we are required to include management and independent registered public 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 accounting firm reports on internal controls as part of our Annual Report on Form 10-K in order to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We have evaluated our controls, including compliance with the SEC rules on internal controls, and have and expect to continue to spend significant amounts of time and money on compliance with these rules. Our failure to comply with these internal control rules may materially adversely affect our reputation, ability to obtain the necessary certifications to financial statements, and the values of our securities. 
 Corporate Governance 
 The Dodd-Frank Act addresses many investor protections, corporate governance, and executive compensation matters that will affect most U.S. publicly traded companies. The Dodd-Frank Act (1) grants shareholders of U.S. publicly traded companies an advisory vote on executive compensation; (2) enhances independence requirements for Compensation Committee members; and (3) requires companies listed on national securities exchanges to adopt incentive-based compensation claw-back policies for executive officers. 
 Volcker Rule 
 Section 13 of the BHC Act, common referred to as the "Volcker Rule," generally prohibits banking organizations from (i) engaging in certain proprietary trading, and (ii) acquiring or retaining an ownership interest in or sponsoring a "covered fund," all subject to certain exceptions. The Volcker Rule also specifies certain limited activities in which banking organizations may continue to engage and requires us to maintain a compliance program. Banking, organizations, such as us, with 10 billion or less in total consolidated assets and with total trading assets and liabilities of less than 5 of total consolidated assets are exempt from the Volcker Rule. 
 Incentive Compensation 
 The Dodd-Frank Act required the banking agencies and the SEC to establish joint rules or guidelines for financial institutions with more than 1 billion in assets, such as us and The First, which prohibit incentive compensation arrangements that the agencies determine to encourage inappropriate risks by the institution. The banking agencies issued proposed rules in 2011 and previously issued guidance on sound incentive compensation policies. In 2016, the banking agencies also proposed rules that would, depending upon the assets of the institution, directly regulate incentive compensation arrangements and would require enhanced oversight and recordkeeping. As of December 31, 2022, these rules have not been implemented. We have undertaken efforts to ensure that our incentive compensation plans do not encourage inappropriate risks, consistent with three key principles-that incentive compensation arrangements should appropriately balance risk and financial rewards, be compatible with effective controls and risk management, and be supported by strong corporate governance. 
 Shareholder Say-On-Pay Votes 
 The Dodd-Frank Act requires public companies to take shareholders votes on proposals addressing compensation (known as say-on-pay), the frequency of a say-on-pay vote, and the golden parachutes available to executives in connection with change-in-control transactions. Public companies must give shareholders the opportunity to vote on the compensation at least every three years and the opportunity to vote on frequency at least every six years, indicating whether the say-on-pay vote should be held annually, biennially, or triennially. The say-on-pay, the say-on-parachute and the say-on-frequency votes are explicitly nonbinding and cannot override a decision of our Board of Directors. 
 Other Regulatory Matters 
 We are subject to oversight by the SEC, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ("PCAOB"), NASDAQ and various state securities and insurance regulators. We and our subsidiaries have from time to time received requests for information from regulatory authorities in various states, including state attorneys general, securities regulators and other regulatory authorities, concerning our business practices. Such requests are considered incidental to the normal conduct of business. 
 Capital Requirements 
 We and The First are each required under federal law to maintain certain minimum capital levels based on ratios of capital to total assets and capital to risk-weighted assets. The required capital ratios are minimums, and the Federal Reserve may determine that a banking organization, based on its size, complexity or risk profile, must maintain a higher 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 level of capital in order to operate in a safe and sound manner. Risks such as concentration of credit risks and the risk arising from non-traditional activities, as well as the institution s exposure to a decline in the economic value of its capital due to changes in interest rates, and an institution s ability to manage those risks, are important factors that are to be taken into account by the federal banking agencies in assessing an institution s overall capital adequacy. The following is a brief description of the relevant provisions of these capital rules and their potential impact on our and The First s capital levels. 
 We and The First are each subject to the following risk-based capital ratios: a CET1 risk-based capital ratio, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio, which includes CET1 and additional Tier 1 capital and a total capital ratio, which includes Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. CET1 is primarily comprised of the sum of common stock instruments and related surplus net of treasury stock and retained earnings less certain adjustments and deductions, including with respect to goodwill, intangible assets, mortgage servicing assets and deferred tax assets subject to temporary timing differences. Additional Tier 1 capital is primarily comprised of noncumulative perpetual preferred stock. Tier 2 capital consists of instruments disqualified from Tier 1 capital, including qualifying subordinated debt and a limited amount of loan loss reserves up to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets, subject to certain eligibility criteria. The capital rules also define the risk-weights assigned to assets and off-balance sheet items to determine the risk-weighted asset components of the risk-based capital rules, including, for example, certain "high volatility" commercial real estate, past due assets, structured securities and equity holdings. 
 The leverage capital ratio, which serves as a minimum capital standard, is the ratio of Tier 1 capital to quarterly average assets net of goodwill, certain other intangible assets, and certain required deduction items. The required minimum leverage ratio for all banks and bank holding companies (unless exempt) is 4 . 
 In addition, effective January 1, 2019, the capital rules required a capital conservation buffer of CET1 of 2.5 above each of the minimum capital ratio requirements (CET1, Tier 1, and total risk-based capital), which is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. These buffer requirements must be met for a bank or bank holding company to be able to pay dividends, engage in share buybacks or make discretionary bonus payments to executive management without restriction. 
 Failure to be well-capitalized or to meet minimum capital requirements could result in certain mandatory and possible additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have an adverse material effect on our operations or financial condition. Failure to be well-capitalized or to meet minimum capital requirements could also result in restrictions on the Company s or The First s ability to pay dividends or otherwise distribute capital or to receive regulatory approval of applications or other restrictions on its growth. 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 ("FDICIA"), among other things, requires the federal bank regulatory agencies to take "prompt corrective action" regarding depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. FDICIA establishes five regulatory capital tiers: "well capitalized," "adequately capitalized," "undercapitalized," "significantly undercapitalized," and "critically undercapitalized." A depository institution s capital tier will depend upon how its capital levels compare to various relevant capital measures and certain other factors, as established by regulation. FDICIA generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distribution (including payment of a dividend) or paying any management fee to its holding company if the depository institution would thereafter be undercapitalized. The FDICIA imposes progressively more restrictive restraints on operations, management and capital distributions, depending on the category in which an institution is classified. Undercapitalized depository institutions are subject to restrictions on borrowing from the Federal Reserve System. In addition, undercapitalized depository institutions may not accept brokered deposits absent a waiver from the FDIC, are subject to growth limitations and are required to submit capital restoration plans for regulatory approval. A depository institution s holding company must guarantee any required capital restoration plan, up to an amount equal to the lesser of 5 of the depository institution s assets at the time it becomes undercapitalized or the amount of the capital deficiency when the institution fails to comply with the plan. Federal banking agencies may not accept a capital plan without determining, among other things, that the plan is based on realistic assumptions and is likely to succeed in restoring the depository institution s capital. If a depository institution fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is significantly undercapitalized. All of the federal bank regulatory agencies have adopted regulations establishing relevant capital measures and relevant capital levels for federally insured depository institutions. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 To be well-capitalized, The First must maintain at least the following capital ratios: 
 6.5 CET1 to risk-weighted assets; 
 8.0 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets; 
 10.0 Total capital to risk-weighted assets; and 
 5.0 leverage ratio. 
 The First was well capitalized at December 31, 2022, and brokered deposits are not restricted. 
 The Federal Reserve has not yet revised the well-capitalized standard for bank holding companies to reflect the higher capital requirements imposed under the current capital rules applicable to banks. For purposes of the Federal Reserve s Regulation Y, bank holding companies, such as the Company, must maintain a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or greater and a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater to be well-capitalized. If the Federal Reserve were to apply the same or a very similar well-capitalized standard to bank holding companies as that applicable to The First, the Company s capital ratios as of December 31, 2022 would exceed such revised well-capitalized standard. Also, the Federal Reserve may require bank holding companies, including the Company, to maintain capital ratios substantially in excess of mandated minimum levels, depending upon general economic conditions and a bank holding company s particular condition, risk profile and growth plans. 
 On October 29, 2019, the federal banking agencies issued a final rule to simplify the regulatory capital requirements for eligible banks and holding companies with less than 10 billion in consolidated assets that opt into the Community Bank Leverage Ratio ("CBLR") framework, as required by Section 201 of the Economic Growth, Relief and Consumer Protection Act (the "Regulatory Relief Act"). A qualifying community banking organization that exceeds the CBLR threshold would be exempt from the agencies current capital framework, including the risk-based capital requirements and capital conservation buffer described above, and would be deemed well-capitalized under the agencies prompt corrective action regulations. The Regulatory Relief Act defines a "qualifying community banking organization" as a depository institution or depository institution holding company with total consolidated assets of less than 10 billion. Under the final rule, if a qualifying community banking organization elects to use the CBLR framework, it will be considered "well-capitalized" so long as its CBLR is greater than 9 . The First has chosen not to opt into the CBLR at this time. 
 In 2022, our and The First s regulatory capital ratios were above the applicable well-capitalized standards and met the capital conservation buffer. Based on current estimates, we believe that we and The First will continue to exceed all applicable well-capitalized regulatory capital requirements and the capital conservation buffer in 2023. Certain regulatory capital ratios of the Company and The First, as of December 31, 2022, are shown in the following table: 
 Capital Adequacy Ratios 
 Regulatory Minimums Regulatory Minimums to be Well Capitalized Minimum 
 Capital Required 
 Basel III Fully 
 Phased-In 
 The First Bancshares, Inc. The First 
 Common Equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 4.5 6.5 7.0 12.7 15.6 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 6.0 8.0 8.5 13.0 15.6 Total risk-based capital ratio 8.0 10.0 10.5 16.7 16.4 Leverage ratio 4.0 5.0 4.0 9.3 11.1 
 Payment of Dividends 
 We are a legal entity separate and distinct from The First and our other subsidiaries. The primary sources of funds for our payment of dividends to our shareholders are cash on hand and dividends from The First. Various federal and state statutory provisions and regulations limit the amount of dividends that The First may pay. 
 In addition, in deciding whether or not to declare a dividend of any particular size, the Company s board of directors must consider its and the Bank s current and prospective capital, liquidity, and other needs. In addition to state 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 law limitations on the Company s ability to pay dividends, the Federal Reserve imposes limitations on the Company s ability to pay dividends. Federal Reserve regulations limit dividends, stock repurchases and discretionary bonuses to executive officers if the Company s regulatory capital is below the level of regulatory minimums plus the applicable capital conservation buffer. 
 In addition, we and The First are subject to various general regulatory policies and requirements relating to the payment of dividends, including requirements to maintain adequate capital above regulatory minimums. The appropriate federal bank regulatory authority may prohibit the payment of dividends where it has determined that the payment of dividends would be an unsafe or unsound practice. The Federal Reserve has indicated that paying dividends that deplete a bank s capital base to an inadequate level would be an unsound and unsafe banking practice. The Federal Reserve has indicated that depository institutions and their holding companies should generally pay dividends only out of current operating earnings. Further, under Mississippi law, The First must obtain the non-objection of the Commissioner of the Mississippi Department of Banking and Consumer Finance prior to paying any dividend to the Company. 
 Under a Federal Reserve policy adopted in 2009, the board of directors of a bank holding company must consider different factors to ensure that its dividend level is prudent relative to maintaining a strong financial position, and is not based on overly optimistic earnings scenarios, such as potential events that could affect its ability to pay, while still maintaining a strong financial position. As a general matter, the Federal Reserve has indicated that the board of directors of a bank holding company should consult with the Federal Reserve and eliminate, defer or significantly reduce the bank holding company s dividends if: 
 its net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends; 
 its prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with its capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition; or 
 it will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. 
 Regulation of the Bank 
 The First, which is a member of the Federal Reserve System, is subject to comprehensive supervision and regulation by the Federal Reserve, and is subject to its regulatory reporting requirements, as well as supervision and regulation by the Mississippi Department of Banking and Consumer Finance. As a member bank of the Federal Reserve System, The First is required to hold stock in its district Federal Reserve Bank in an amount equal to 6 of its capital stock and surplus (half paid to acquire stock with the remainder held as a cash reserve). Member banks do not have any control over the Federal Reserve System as a result of owning the stock and the stock cannot be sold or traded. 
 The deposits of The First are insured by the FDIC up to applicable limits, and, accordingly, The First is also subject to certain FDIC regulations and the FDIC has backup examination authority and some enforcement powers over The First. 
 In addition, as discussed in more detail below, The First and any other of our subsidiaries that offer consumer financial products and services are subject to regulation and potential supervision by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB"). In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act permits states to adopt consumer protection laws and regulations that are stricter than those regulations promulgated by the CFPB, and state attorneys general are permitted to enforce certain federal consumer financial protection law. 
 Broadly, regulations applicable to The First include limitations on loans to a single borrower and to its directors, officers and employees; restrictions on the opening and closing of branch offices; the maintenance of required capital ratios; the granting of credit under equal and fair conditions; the disclosure of the costs and terms of such credit; requirements to maintain reserves against deposits and loans; limitations on the types of investment that may be made by The First; requirements governing risk management practices; restrictions on the ability of institutions to guarantee its debt; and certain specific accounting requirements on the Company that may be more restrictive and may result in greater or earlier charges to earnings or reductions in its capital than generally accepted accounting principles. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Transactions with Affiliates and Insiders 
 The First is subject to restrictions on extensions of credit and certain other transactions between The First and the Company or any nonbank affiliate. Generally, these covered transactions with either the Company or any affiliate are limited to 10 of The First s capital and surplus, and all such transactions between The First Bank and the Company and all of its nonbank affiliates combined are limited to 20 of The First s capital and surplus. Loans and other extensions of credit from The First to the Company or any affiliate generally are required to be secured by eligible collateral in specified amounts. In addition, any transaction between The First and the Company or any affiliate are required to be on an arm s length basis. 
 Federal banking laws also place similar restrictions on certain extensions of credit by insured banks, such as The First, to their directors, executive officers and principal shareholders. 
 Reserves 
 Federal Reserve rules require depository institutions, such as The First, to maintain reserves against their transaction accounts, primarily NOW and regular checking accounts. Effective March 26, 2020, the Federal Reserve eliminated reserve requirements for all depository institutions. These reserve requirements are subject to annual adjustment by the Federal Reserve. 
 FDIC Insurance Assessments and Depositor Preference 
 The First s deposits are insured by the FDIC s DIF up to the limits under applicable law, which currently are set at 250,000 per depositor, per insured bank, for each account ownership category. The First is subject to FDIC assessments for its deposit insurance. The FDIC calculates quarterly deposit insurance assessments based on an institution s average total consolidated assets less its average tangible equity, and applies one of four risk categories determined by reference to its capital levels, supervisory ratings, and certain other factors. The assessment rate schedule can change from time to time, at the discretion of the FDIC, subject to certain limits. 
 As of June 30, 2020, the DIF reserve ratio fell to 1.30 , below the statutory minimum of 1.35 . The FDIC, as required under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, established a plan on September 15, 2020 to restore the DIF reserve ration to meet or exceed the statutory minimum of 1.35 within eight years. On October 18, 2022, the FDIC adopted an amended restoration plan to increase the likelihood that the reserve ratio would be restored to at least 1.35 by September 30, 2028. The FDIC's amended restoration plan increases the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by 2 basis points, beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The FDIC could further increase the deposit insurance assessments for certain insured depository institutions, including The First, if the DIF reserve ratio is not restored as projected. 
 Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by a bank s federal regulatory agency. In addition, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act provides that, in the event of the liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, the claims of depositors of the institution, including the claims of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors, and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver, will have priority over other general unsecured claims against the institution, including those of the parent bank holding company. 
 Standards for Safety and Soundness 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Act requires the federal bank regulatory agencies to prescribe, by regulation or guideline, operational and managerial standards for all insured depository institutions relating to: (1) internal controls; (2) information systems and audit systems; (3) loan documentation; (4) credit underwriting; (5) interest rate risk exposure; and (6) asset quality. The federal banking agencies have adopted regulations and Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safety and Soundness to implement these required standards. These guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards used to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. Under the regulations, if a regulator determines that a bank fails to meet any standards prescribed by the guidelines, the regulator may require the bank to submit an acceptable plan to achieve compliance, consistent with deadlines for the submission and review of such safety and soundness compliance plans. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Anti-Money Laundering 
 Under the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, financial institutions are subject to prohibitions against specified financial transactions and account relationships as well as enhanced due diligence and know your customer standards in their dealings with foreign financial institutions and foreign customers. The USA PATRIOT Act, and its implementing regulations adopted by the FinCEN, a bureau of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, requires financial institutions to establish anti-money laundering programs with minimum standards that include: 
 the development of internal policies, procedures, and controls; 
 the designation of a compliance officer; 
 an ongoing employee training program; 
 an independent audit function to test the programs; and 
 identify and verify the identity of beneficial owners of legal entity customers. 
 Banking regulators will consider compliance with the Act s money laundering provisions in acting upon acquisition and merger proposals. Bank regulators routinely examine institutions for compliance with these obligations and have been active in imposing cease and desist and other regulatory orders and money penalty sanctions against institutions found to be violating these obligations. Sanctions for violations of the Act can be imposed in an amount equal to twice the sum involved in the violating transaction, up to 1 million. On January 1, 2021, Congress passed federal legislation that made sweeping changes to federal anti-money laundering laws, including changes that will be implemented in subsequent years. 
 Economic Sanctions 
 The Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC") is responsible for helping to ensure that U.S. entities do not engage in transactions with certain prohibited parties, as defined by various Executive Orders and acts of Congress. OFAC publishes, and routinely updates, lists of names of persons and organizations suspected of aiding, harboring or engaging in terrorist acts, including the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List. If we find a name on any transaction, account or wire transfer that is on an OFAC list, we must undertake certain specified activities, which could include blocking or freezing the account or transaction requested, and we must notify the appropriate authorities. 
 Concentrations in Lending 
 During 2006, the federal bank regulatory agencies released guidance on Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending (the Guidance and advised financial institutions of the risks posed by CRE lending concentrations. The Guidance requires that appropriate processes be in place to identify, monitor and control risks associated with real estate lending concentrations. Higher allowances for loan losses and capital levels may also be required. The Guidance is triggered when CRE loan concentrations exceed either: 
 Total reported loans for construction, land development, and other land of 100 or more of a bank s total risk-based capital; or 
 Total reported loans secured by multifamily and nonfarm nonresidential properties and loans for construction, land development, and other land of 300 or more of a bank s total risk-based capital. 
 The Guidance also applies when a bank has a sharp increase in CRE loans or has significant concentrations of CRE secured by a particular property type. We have always had exposures to loans secured by CRE due to the nature of our markets and the loan needs of both retail and commercial customers. We believe our long term experience in CRE lending, underwriting policies, internal controls, and other policies currently in place, as well as our loan and credit monitoring and administration procedures, are generally appropriate to managing our concentrations as required under the Guidance. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Community Reinvestment Act 
 The First is subject to the provisions of the CRA, which imposes a continuing and affirmative obligation, consistent with their safe and sound operation, to help meet the credit needs of entire communities where the bank accepts deposits, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. The Federal Reserve s assessment of The First s CRA record is made available to the public. Further, a less than satisfactory CRA rating will slow, if not preclude, expansion of banking activities and prevent a company from becoming or remaining a financial holding company. Following the enactment of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act GLB ), CRA agreements with private parties must be disclosed and annual CRA reports must be made to a bank s primary federal regulator. A bank holding company will not be permitted to become or remain a financial holding company and no new activities authorized under GLB may be commenced by a holding company or by a bank financial subsidiary if any of its bank subsidiaries received less than a satisfactory CRA rating in its latest CRA examination. Federal CRA regulations require, among other things, that evidence of discrimination against applicants on a prohibited basis, and illegal or abusive lending practices be considered in the CRA evaluation. The First has a rating of Satisfactory in its most recent CRA evaluation. 
 On May 5, 2002, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), FRB, and FDIC issued a notice of proposed rulemaking to provide for a coordinated approach to modernize their respective CRA regulations, such that all banks will be subject to the same set of CRA rules. No final rule has been issued, but the rulemaking may affect The First's CRA compliance obligations in the future. 
 Privacy, Credit Reporting, and Data Security 
 The GLB generally prohibits disclosure of consumer information to non-affiliated third parties unless the consumer has been given the opportunity to object and has not objected to such disclosure. Financial institutions are further required to disclose their privacy policies to customers annually. Financial institutions, however, will be required to comply with state law if it is more protective of consumer privacy than the GLB. The GLB also directed federal regulators to prescribe standards for the security of consumer information. The First is subject to such standards, as well as standards for notifying customers in the event of a security breach. The First utilizes credit bureau data in underwriting activities. Use of such data is regulated under the Fair Credit Reporting Act and Regulation V on a uniform, nationwide basis, including credit reporting, prescreening, and sharing of information between affiliates and the use of credit data. The Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, which amended the Fair Credit Reporting Act, permits states to enact identity theft laws that are not inconsistent with the conduct required by the provisions of that Act. We are also required to have an information security program to safeguard the confidentiality and security of customer information and to ensure proper disposal. Customers must be notified when unauthorized disclosure involves sensitive customer information that may be misused. On November 18, 2021, the federal banking agencies issued a new rule effective in 2022 that requires banks to notify their regulators within 36 hours of a computer-security incident that rises to the level of a notification incident. 
 Anti-Tying Restrictions 
 In general, a bank may not extend credit, lease, sell property, or furnish any services or fix or vary the consideration for them on the condition that (1) the customer obtain or provide some additional credit, property, or services from or to the bank or bank holding company or their subsidiaries or (2) the customer not obtain some other credit, property, or services from a competitor, except to the extent reasonable conditions are imposed to assure the soundness of the credit extended. A bank may, however, offer combined-balance products and may otherwise offer more favorable terms if a customer obtains two or more traditional bank products. The law also expressly permits banks to engage in other forms of tying and authorizes the Federal Reserve to grant additional exceptions by regulation or order. Also, certain foreign transactions are exempt from the general rule. 
 Consumer Regulation 
 Activities of The First are subject to a variety of statutes and regulations designed to protect consumers. These laws and regulations include, among numerous other things, provisions that: 
 limit the interest and other charges collected or contracted for by The First, including rules respecting the terms of credit cards and of debit card overdrafts; 
 govern The First s disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers; 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 require The First to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether it is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the communities it serves; 
 prohibit The First from discriminating on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors when it makes decisions to extend credit; 
 govern the manner in which The First may collect consumer debts; and 
 prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in the provision of consumer financial products and services. 
 Mortgage Regulation 
 The CFPB has issued rules to implement requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act pertaining to mortgage loan origination (including with respect to loan originator compensation and loan originator qualifications) as well as integrated mortgage disclosure rules. In addition, the CFPB has issued rules that require servicers to comply with new standards and practices with regard to: error correction; information disclosure; force-placement of insurance; information management policies and procedures; requiring information about mortgage loss mitigation options be provided to delinquent borrowers; providing delinquent borrowers access to servicer personnel with continuity of contact about the borrower s mortgage loan account; and evaluating borrowers applications for available loss mitigation options. These rules also address initial rate adjustment notices for adjustable-rate mortgages (ARMs), periodic statements for residential mortgage loans, and prompt crediting of mortgage payments and response to requests for payoff amounts. 
 Non-Discrimination Policies 
 The First is also subject to, among other things, the provisions of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (the ECOA and the Fair Housing Act (the FHA ), both of which prohibit discrimination based on race or color, religion, national origin, sex, and familial status in any aspect of a consumer or commercial credit or residential real estate transaction. The Department of Justice (the DOJ ), and the federal bank regulatory agencies have issued an Interagency Policy Statement on Discrimination in Lending that provides guidance to financial institutions in determining whether discrimination exists, how the agencies will respond to lending discrimination, and what steps lenders might take to prevent discriminatory lending practices. The DOJ has increased its efforts to prosecute what it regards as violations of the ECOA and FHA. 
 LIBOR 
 On March 15, 2022, Congress enacted the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the "LIBOR Act") to address references to LIBOR in contracts that (i) are governed by U.S. law; (ii) will not mature before June 30, 2023; and (iii) lack fallback provisions providing for a clearly defined and practicable replacement for LIBOR. On December 16, 2022, the FRB adopted a final rule to implement the LIBOR Act by identifying benchmark rates based on SOFR (Secured Overnight Financing Rate) that will replace LIBOR in certain financial contracts after June 30, 2023. The final rule identifies replacements benchmark rates based on SOFR to replace overnight, one-month, three-month, six-month, and 12-month LIBOR in contracts subject to the LIBOR Act. 
 Effect of Governmental Monetary and Fiscal Policies 
 The difference between the interest rate paid on deposits and other borrowings and the interest rate received on loans and securities comprises most of a bank s earnings. In order to mitigate the interest rate risk inherent in the industry, the banking business is becoming increasingly dependent on the generation of fee and service charge revenue. 
 The earnings and growth of a bank are affected by both general economic conditions and the monetary and fiscal policy of the U.S. government and its agencies, particularly the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve sets national monetary policy such as seeking to curb inflation and combat recession. This is accomplished by its open-market operations in U.S. government securities, adjustments in the amount of reserves that financial institutions are required to maintain and adjustments to the discount rates on borrowings and target rates for federal funds transactions. The actions of the Federal Reserve in these areas influence the growth of bank loans, investments and deposits and also affect interest rates on loans and deposits. The nature and timing of any future changes in monetary policies and their potential impact on the Company cannot be predicted. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Our business is subject to risk. The following discussion, along with management s discussion and analysis and our financial statements and footnotes, sets forth the most significant risks and uncertainties that we believe could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties that management is not aware of or that management currently deems immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. There is no assurance that this discussion covers all potential risks that we face. Further, to the extent that any of the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitutes forward-looking statements, the risk factors set forth below also are cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made herein. 
 Risk Factors Associated with Our Business 
 General economic conditions in the areas where our operations or loans are concentrated may adversely affect our financial results or liquidity. 
 A sudden or severe downturn in the economy in the geographic markets we serve in the states of Mississippi, Louisiana, Alabama, Florida or Georgia may affect the ability of our customers to meet loan payment obligations on a timely basis. The local economic conditions in these areas have a significant impact on our commercial, real estate, and construction loans, the ability of borrowers to repay these loans and the value of the collateral securing such loans. Any deterioration in the economic conditions of these market areas could negatively impact the financial results of the Company s banking operations, earnings, and profitability. 
 Our Bank requires liquidity in the form of available funds to meet its deposit, debt and other obligations as they come due, borrower requests to draw on committed credit facilities as well as unexpected demands for cash payments. Adverse economic changes may cause customers to withdraw deposit balances, thereby causing a strain on our liquidity. We have historically had access to a number of alternative sources of liquidity, but if there is an increase in volatility in the credit and liquidity markets there is no assurance that we will be able to obtain such liquidity on terms that are favorable to us, or at all. 
 We may be vulnerable to certain sectors of the economy, including real estate. 
 A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate. The market value of real estate can fluctuate significantly in a relatively short period of time as a result of market conditions in the geographic area in which the real estate is located. If the economy deteriorates and real estate values decline materially, a significant part of our loan portfolio could become under-collateralized and losses incurred upon borrower defaults would increase. This could result in additional credit loss accruals which would negatively impact our earnings. Our ability to dispose of foreclosed real estate at prices above the respective carrying values could also be impacted, which could cause our results of operations to be adversely affected. 
 Unpredictable market conditions may adversely affect the industry in which we operate. 
 The capital and credit markets are subject to volatility and disruption. Dramatic declines in the housing market in years past caused home prices to fall and increased foreclosures, unemployment and under-employment. These events, if they were to happen again, could negatively impact the credit performance of mortgage loans and result in significant write-downs of asset values, including government-sponsored entities as well as major commercial and investment banks. Market turmoil and tightening of credit could lead to an increased level of commercial and consumer delinquencies, lack of consumer confidence and widespread reduction of business activity. Generally, a worsening of these conditions would have an adverse effect on us and others in the financial institution industry, particularly in our real estate markets, as lower home prices and increased foreclosures would result in higher charge-offs and delinquencies. 
 The state of the economy and various economic factors, including inflation, recession, unemployment, interest rates and the level of U.S. debt, as well as governmental action and uncertainty resulting from U.S. and global political trends, may directly and indirectly, have a destabilizing effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the U.S. government's decisions regarding its debt ceiling and the possibility that the U.S. could default on its debt obligations could cause further interest rate increases, disrupt access to capital markets and deepen recessionary conditions. An unfavorable or uncertain national or regional political or economic environment could drive losses beyond those which are provided for in our allowance for loan losses and could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 We must maintain an appropriate allowance for credit losses. 
 The First, as lender, is exposed to the risk that its customers will be unable to repay their loans in accordance with their terms and that any collateral securing the payment of their loans may not be sufficient to assure repayment. Credit losses are inherent in the business of making loans and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Credit risk with respect to our real estate and construction loan portfolio relates principally to the creditworthiness of the borrower corporations and the value of the real estate serving as security for the repayment of loans. Credit risk with respect to our commercial and consumer loan portfolio will relate principally to the general creditworthiness of the borrower businesses and individuals within our local markets. 
 On January 1, 2021, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses ("ASC 326"). The Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB issued ASC 326 to replace the incurred loss model for loans and other financial assets with an expected loss model and requires consideration of a wider range of reasonable and supportable information to determine credit losses. In accordance with ASC 326, the Company has developed an allowance for credit losses ACL methodology effective January 1, 2021, which replaces its previous allowance for loan losses methodology. The ACL is a valuation account that is deducted from loans amortized cost basis to present the net amount expected to be collected on the loans. Loans are charged-off against the allowance when management believes the uncollectibility of a loan balance is confirmed. Expected recoveries do not exceed the aggregate of amounts previously charged-off and expected to be charged-off. 
 Management estimates the allowance balance using relevant available information, from internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Historical credit loss experience provides the basis for the estimation of expected credit losses. Adjustments to historical loss information are made for differences in current risk characteristics such as differences in underwriting standards, portfolio mix, delinquency level, or term as well as for changes in environment conditions, such as changes in unemployment rates, property values, or other relevant factors. Management may selectively apply external market data to subjectively adjust the Company s own loss history including index or peer data. Management evaluates the adequacy of the ACL quarterly and makes provisions for credit losses based on this evaluation. See Note B Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 We are subject to risks related to changes in market interest rates. 
 Our assets and liabilities are primarily monetary in nature, and as a result we are subject to significant risks resulting from changes in interest rates. Our profitability is largely dependent upon net interest income. Unexpected movement in interest rates markedly changing the slope of the current yield curve could cause net interest margins to decrease, subsequently decreasing net interest income. In addition, such changes could adversely affect the valuation of our assets and liabilities. 
 The fair market value of the securities portfolio and the investment income from these securities also fluctuates depending on general economic and market conditions. In addition, actual net investment income and/or cash flows from investments that carry prepayment risk, such as mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities, may differ from those anticipated at the time of investment as a result of interest rate fluctuations. 
 Beginning in early 2022, in response to growing signs of inflation, the FRB increased interest rates rapidly. Further, the FRB has increased the benchmark rapidly and has announced an intention to take further actions to mitigate rising inflationary pressures. Rising interest rates can have a negative impact on our business by reducing the amount of money our clients borrow or by adversely affecting their ability to repay outstanding loan balances that may increase due to adjustments in their variable rates. In addition, as interest rates rise, so have competitive pressures on the deposit cost of funds. We may have to offer more attractive interest rates to depositors to compete for deposits, or pursue other sources of liquidity, such as wholesale funds, which could result in negative pressure on our net interest income. It is not possible to predict the pace and magnitude of changes in interest rates, or the impact rate changes will have on the Company s results of operations. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 We may be adversely affected by the replacement of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR with an alternative reference rate, for our variable rate loans and the interest expense paid on our subordinated notes and our subordinated debentures. 
 In July 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority (the authority that regulates LIBOR) announced it intends to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021. On November 2020, the administration of LIBOR announced it will consult on its intention to extend the retirement date of certain offered rates whereby the publication of the one week and two month LIBOR offered rates will cease after December 31, 2021; but, the publication of the remaining LIBOR offered rates will continue until June 30, 2023. Regardless, the federal banking agencies also issued guidance on November 30, 2020, encouraging banks to (i) stop using LIBOR in new financial contracts no later than December 31, 2021; and (ii) either use a rate other than LIBOR or include clear language defining the alternative rate that will be applicable after LIBOR's discontinuation. 
 To address the problem created by legacy financial contracts that incorporate LIBOR as their reference interest rate, but extend beyond the date after which LIBOR will be published, on March 15, 2022, Congress enacted the LIBOR Act. On December 16, 2022, the Federal Reserve adopted a final rule implementing the LIBOR Act by adopting benchmark rates based on the SOFR that will replace LIBOR in certain financial contracts after June 30, 2023. 
 Upon the cessation of the of LIBOR, interest rates on our floating rate obligation, loans, derivatives, and other financial instruments tied to LIBOR rates, as well as the revenue and expenses associated with those financial instruments, may be adversely affected. In addition, the cessation of the use of LIBOR as a benchmark interest rate could adversely affect the value of our floating rate obligations, loans, derivatives, and other financial instruments tied to LIBOR rates. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 140.7 million or 3.8 of our outstanding loans were indexed to 30-day, 90-day, and one-year LIBOR. The transition from LIBOR has resulted in and could continue to result in added costs and employee efforts and could present additional risk. We are subject to litigation and reputational risks if we are unable to renegotiate and amend existing contracts with counterparties that are dependent on LIBOR, including contracts that do not have fallback language. 
 Uncertainty as to the nature of such potential changes, alternative reference rates, the replacement or disappearance of LIBOR or other reforms may adversely affect the value of and the return on our subordinated notes and our subordinated debentures, as well as the interest we pay on those securities. 
 Certain changes in interest rates, inflation, or the financial markets could affect demand for our products and our ability to deliver products efficiently. 
 Loan originations, and therefore loan revenues, could be adversely impacted by rising interest rates. Increases in market interest rates can have negative impacts on our business, including reducing our customers desire to borrow money from us or adversely affecting their ability to repay their outstanding loans by increasing their debt service obligations through the periodic reset of adjustable interest rate loans. If our borrowers ability to repay their loans is impaired by increasing interest payment obligations, our level of non-performing assets would increase, producing an adverse effect on operating results. Asset values , especially commercial real estate as collateral, securities or other fixed rate earning assets, can decline significantly with relatively minor changes in interest rates. If interest rates were to decrease, our yield on our variable rate loans and on our new loans would decrease, reducing our net interest income. In addition, lower interest rates may reduce our realized yields on investment securities, which would reduce our net interest income and cause downward pressure on net interest margin in future periods. A significant reduction in our net interest income could have a material adverse impact on our capital, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Continued increases in inflation could cause operating costs related to salaries and benefits, technology, and supplies to increase at a faster pace than revenues. 
 Evaluation of investment securities for impairment involves subjective determinations and could materially impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The evaluation of impairments is a quantitative and qualitative process, which is subject to risks and uncertainties, and is intended to determine whether declines in the fair value of investments should be recognized in current period earnings. The risks and uncertainties include changes in general economic conditions, the issuers financial condition or future recovery prospects, the effects of changes in interest rates or credit spreads and the expected recovery period. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Estimating future cash flows involves incorporating information received from third-party sources and making internal assumptions and judgments regarding the future performance of the underlying collateral and assessing the probability that an adverse change in future cash flows has occurred. The determination of the amount of impairments is based upon the Company s quarterly evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective asset class. Such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available. 
 Additionally, our management considers a wide range of factors about the security issuer and uses its reasonable judgment in evaluating the cause of the decline in the estimated fair value of the security and in assessing the prospects for recovery. Inherent in management s evaluation of the security are assumptions and estimates about the operations of the issuer and its future earnings potential. Impairments to the carrying value of our investment securities may need to be taken in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Changes in the policies of monetary authorities and other government action could adversely affect profitability. 
 The results of operations of the Company are affected by credit policies of monetary authorities, particularly the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, which we refer to as the Federal Reserve Board. The instruments of monetary policy employed by the Federal Reserve Board include open market operations in U.S. government securities, changes in the discount rate or the federal funds rate on bank borrowings and changes in reserve requirements against bank deposits. In view of changing conditions in the national economy and monetary policy, we cannot predict the impact of future changes in interest rates, deposit levels, loan demand or the Company s business and earnings. Furthermore, the actions of the United States government and other governments in responding to developing situations or implementing new fiscal or trade policies may result in currency fluctuations, exchange controls, market disruption and other unanticipated economic effects. Such actions could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and profitability. 
 We are subject to regulation by various Federal and State entities. 
 The Company and The First are subject to extensive regulation by various regulatory agencies, including the Federal Reserve Board, the FDIC, the Mississippi Department of Banking and Consumer Finance and the CFPB. See Supervision and Regulation above for more information. New regulations issued by these agencies may adversely affect our ability to carry on our business activities. The Company is subject to various Federal and state laws and certain changes in these laws and regulations may adversely affect operations. 
 The Company and The First are also subject to the accounting rules and regulations of the SEC and the FASB. Changes in accounting rules could adversely affect the reported financial statements or results of operations of the Company and may also require extraordinary efforts or additional costs to implement. Any of these laws or regulations may be modified or changed from time to time, and we cannot be assured that such modifications or changes will not adversely affect the Company. 
 Tax law and regulatory changes could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes to tax laws, including a repeal of all or part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and the implementation of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ("IRA"), could significantly impact our business in the form of greater than expected income tax expense and taxes payable. Such changes may also negatively impact the financial condition of our customers and/or overall economic conditions. Further, future regulatory reforms that could include a heightened focus and scrutiny on BSA/AML related compliance, expansion of consumer protections, the regulation of loan portfolios and credit concentrations to borrows impacted by climate changes, increased capital and liquidity requirements and limitations or additional taxes on share repurchases and dividends, could increase our costs and impact our business. 
 On August 16, 2022, the IRA was signed into law in the United States. The IRA includes various tax provisions, including an excise tax on stock repurchases and a corporate alternative minimum tax that generally applies to U.S. corporations with average adjusted financial statement income over a three-year period in excess of 1 billion. We do not currently expect the IRA to have a material impact on our financial results, including on our annual estimated effective tax rate or on our liquidity, the effects of the measures are unknown at this time. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 We may be required to pay additional insurance premiums to the FDIC, which could negatively impact earnings. 
 Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the limit on FDIC coverage has been permanently increased to 250,000, causing the premiums assessed to The First by the FDIC to increase. Depending upon any future losses that the FDIC insurance fund may suffer, there can be no assurance that there will not be additional premium increases in order to replenish the fund. The FDIC may need to set a higher base rate schedule or impose special assessments due to future financial institution failures and updated failure and loss projections. Potentially higher FDIC assessment rates than those currently projected could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 We are subject to industry competition which may have an adverse impact upon our success. 
 The profitability of the Company depends on its ability to compete successfully with other financial services companies. We operate in a highly competitive financial services environment. Certain competitors are larger and may have more resources than we do. We face competition in our regional market areas from other commercial banks, savings institutions, credit unions, internet banks, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies, brokerage and investment banking firms, and other financial intermediaries that offer similar services. Some of the nonbank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations that govern the Company or The First and may have greater flexibility in competing for business. 
 Many of these competitors also have broader geographic markets and substantially greater resources and lending limits than The First and offer certain services such as trust banking that The First does not currently provide. In addition, many of these competitors have numerous branch offices located throughout the extended market areas of The First that may provide these competitors with an advantage in geographic convenience that The First does not have at present. Currently there are numerous other commercial banks, savings institutions, and credit unions operating in The First s primary service area. 
 We also compete with numerous financial and quasi-financial institutions for deposits and loans, including providers of financial services over the internet. Recent technology advances and other changes have allowed parties to effectuate financial transactions that previously required the involvement of banks. For example, consumers can maintain funds in brokerage accounts or mutual funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits. Consumers can also complete transactions such as paying bills and transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as disintermediation, could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. The loss of these revenue streams and access to lower cost deposits as a source of funds could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Some of our competitors have reduced or eliminated certain service charges on deposit accounts, including overdraft fees, and additional competitors may be willing to reduce or eliminate service or other fees in order to attract additional customers. If the Company chooses to reduce or eliminate certain categories of fees, including those related to deposit accounts, fee income related to these products and services would be reduced. If the Company chooses not to take such actions, we may be at a competitive disadvantage in attracting customers for certain fee producing products. 
 Our information systems may experience an interruption or breach in security. 
 We rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. Any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or disruptions in our customer relationship management, deposit, loan and other systems. While we have policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the failure, interruption or security breach of our information systems, there can be no assurance that we can prevent any such failures, interruptions, cyber security breaches or other security breaches or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. We have been, and likely will continue to be, subject to various forms of external security breaches, which may include computer hacking, acts of vandalism or theft, malware, computer viruses or other malicious codes, phishing, employee error or malfeasance, catastrophes, unforeseen events or other cyber-attacks. To date, we have seen no material impact on our business or operations from these attacks or events. Any future significant compromise or breach of our data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of customer, associate, supplier or Company data could damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, as the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 becomes increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, compliance with those requirements could also result in additional costs. 
 Natural disasters, public health emergencies, acts of war or terrorism and other external events could affect our ability to operate. 
 Our market areas are susceptible to natural disasters such as hurricanes and tornados. Natural disasters can disrupt operations, result in damage to properties that may be serving as collateral for our loan assets and negatively affect the local economies in which we operate. Climate change may be increasing the nature, severity and frequency of adverse weather conditions, making the impact from these types of natural disasters on our customers or us worse. We cannot predict whether or to what extent damage caused by future hurricanes, tornados or other natural disasters will affect operations or the economies in our market areas, but such weather events could cause a decline in loan originations, a decline in the value or destruction of properties serving as collateral for our loans and an increase in the risk of delinquencies, foreclosures or loan losses. 
 In addition, health emergencies, disease pandemics, acts of war or terrorism, trade policies and sanctions, including the repercussions of the attack by Russia on Ukraine, and other external events could cause disruption in our operations. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business is susceptible to fraud. 
 Our business exposes us to fraud risk from our loan and deposit customers, the parties they do business with, as well as from our employees, contractors and vendors. We rely on financial and other data from new and existing customers which could turn out to be fraudulent when accepting such customers, executing their financial transactions and making and purchasing loans and other financial assets. In times of increased economic stress, we are at increased risk of fraud losses. We believe we have underwriting and operational controls in place to prevent or detect such fraud, but we cannot provide assurance that these controls will be effective in detecting fraud or that we will not experience fraud losses or incur costs or other damage related to such fraud, at levels that adversely affect our financial results or reputation. Our lending customers may also experience fraud in their businesses which could adversely affect their ability to repay their loans or make use of our services. Our exposure and the exposure of our customers to fraud may increase our financial risk and reputation risk as it may result in unexpected loan losses that exceed those that have been provided for in our allowance for loan losses. 
 We may not be able to attract and retain skilled personnel . 
 Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key personnel. Competition for the best personnel in most activities we engage in can be intense, and we may not be able to hire personnel or to retain them. The unexpected loss of services of one or more of our key personnel could have a material adverse impact on our business because of the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel with comparable skills, knowledge of our market, relationships in the communities we serve, and years of industry experience. Although we have employment agreements with certain of our executive officers, there is no guarantee that these officers and other key personnel will remain employed with the Company. 
 The failure of other financial institutions could adversely affect the Company. 
 Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and potential failures of other financial institutions. Financial institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty and other relationships. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or concerns about, one or more financial institutions or the financial services industry generally could negatively impact market-wide liquidity and could lead to losses or defaults by the Company or by other institutions. 
 Merger-Related Risks 
 We may engage in acquisitions of other businesses from time to time, which may adversely impact our results. 
 From time to time, we may engage in acquisitions of other businesses. Difficulty in integrating an acquired business or company may cause us not to realize expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 product presence, or other anticipated benefits from any acquisition. The integration could result in higher than expected deposit attrition (run-off), loss of key employees, disruption of the Company s business or the business of the acquired company, or otherwise adversely affect the Company s ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees or achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. The acquired companies may also have legal contingencies, beyond those that we are aware of, that could result in unexpected costs. The Company may need to make additional investment in equipment and personnel to manage higher asset levels and loan balances as a result of any significant acquisition, which may adversely impact earnings. 
 We may fail to realize the anticipated cost savings and other financial benefits of recent acquisitions in the timeframe we expect, or at all. 
 The Company completed the Beach Bancorp, Inc. ("BBI") acquisition on August 1, 2022, and the acquisition of Heritage Southeast Bank ("Heritage Bank") on January 1, 2023. Achieving the anticipated cost savings and financial benefits of the mergers will depend, in part, on whether we can successfully integrate these businesses with and into the business of The First. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of each company s ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, and policies that adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with clients, customers, depositors, and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the mergers. In addition, the integration of certain operations following the mergers has required and will continue to require the dedication of significant management resources, which may temporarily distract management s attention from the day-to-day business of the combined company. Any inability to realize the full extent of, or any of, the anticipated cost savings and financial benefits of the mergers, as well as any delays encountered in the integration process, could have an adverse effect on the business and results of operations of the combined company. 
 We have incurred and may continue to incur significant transaction and merger-related costs in connection with our recent acquisitions. 
 We have incurred and may continue to incur a number of non-recurring costs associated with our recent acquisitions. These costs and expenses include fees paid to financial, legal and accounting advisors, severance, retention bonus and other potential employment-related costs, filing fees, printing expenses and other related charges. There are also a large number of processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies and systems that must be integrated in connection with the integration of these companies businesses. While we have assumed that a certain level of expenses would be incurred in connection with the acquisitions, there are many factors beyond our control that could affect the total amount or the timing of the integration and implementation expenses. 
 There may also be additional unanticipated significant costs in connection with the acquisitions that we may not recoup. These costs and expenses could reduce the realization of efficiencies, strategic benefits and additional income we expect to achieve from the acquisitions. Although we expect that these benefits will offset the transaction expenses and implementation costs over time, the net benefit may not be achieved in the near term or at all, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. 
 We may incur impairment to goodwill. 
 We review our goodwill at least annually. Significant negative industry or economic trends, reduced estimates of future cash flows or disruptions to our business, could indicate that goodwill might be impaired. Our valuation methodology for assessing impairment requires management to make judgements and assumptions based on historical experience and to rely on projections of future operating performance. We operate in a competitive environment and projections of future operating results and cash flows may vary significantly from actual results. In addition, if our analysis results is an impairment to our goodwill, we would be required to record a non-cash charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period in which such impairment is determined to exist. Any such charge could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Relating to Our Securities 
 The price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, which may make it difficult for investors to resell shares of common stock at a time or price they find attractive. 
 Our stock price may fluctuate significantly as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. In addition to those described in Special Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, these factors include, among others: 
 actual or anticipated quarterly fluctuations in our operating results, financial condition or asset quality; 
 changes in financial estimates or the publication of research reports and recommendations by financial analysts or actions taken by rating agencies with respect to us or other financial institutions; 
 failure to declare dividends on our common stock from time to time; 
 failure to meet analysts revenue or earnings estimates; 
 failure to integrate acquisitions or realize anticipated benefits from acquisitions; 
 strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions, restructurings, dispositions or financings; 
 fluctuations in the stock price and operating results of our competitors or other companies that investors deem comparable to us; 
 future sales of our common stock or other securities; 
 proposed or final regulatory changes or developments; 
 anticipated or pending regulatory investigations, proceedings, or litigation that may involve or affect us; 
 reports in the press or investment community generally relating to our reputation or the financial services industry; 
 domestic and international economic and political factors unrelated to our performance; 
 general market conditions and, in particular, developments related to market conditions for the financial services industry; 
 adverse weather conditions, including floods, tornadoes and hurricanes; 
 public health emergencies, including disease pandemics; and 
 disruptions to the financial markets as a result of the current or anticipated impact of military conflict, including escalating military tension between Russia and Ukraine, terrorism or other geopolitical events. 
 In addition, in recent years, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. This volatility has had a significant effect on the market price of securities issued by many companies, including for reasons unrelated to their operating performance. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect our stock price, notwithstanding our operating results. We expect that the market price of our common stock will continue to fluctuate and there can be no assurances about the levels of the market prices for our common stock. 
 General market fluctuations, industry factors and general economic and political conditions and events, such as economic slowdowns or recessions, interest rate changes or credit loss trends, could also cause our stock price to decrease regardless of operating results. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 We may need to rely on the financial markets to provide needed capital. 
 Our common stock is listed and traded on the Nasdaq stock market. Although we anticipate that our capital resources will be adequate for the foreseeable future to meet our capital requirements, at times we may depend on the liquidity of the capital markets to raise additional capital. Our historical ability to raise capital through the sale of capital stock and debt securities may be affected by economic and market conditions or regulatory changes that are beyond our control. Adverse changes in our operating performance or financial condition could make raising additional capital difficult or more expensive or limit our access to customary sources of funding. If the market should fail to operate, or if conditions in the capital markets are adverse, our efforts to raise capital could require the issuance of securities at times and with maturities, conditions and rates that are disadvantageous, and which could have a dilutive impact on our current stockholders. Should these risks materialize, the ability to further expand our operations through organic or acquisitive growth may be limited. 
 Securities issued by the Company, including the Company s common stock, are not FDIC insured. 
 Securities issued by the Company, including the Company s common stock, are not savings or deposit accounts or other obligations of any bank and are not insured by the FDIC, the DIF, or any other governmental agency or instrumentality, or any private insurer, and are subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal. 
 Anti-takeover laws and certain agreements and charter provisions may adversely affect the price of our common stock. 
 Certain provisions of state and federal law and our articles of incorporation may make it more difficult for someone to acquire control of the Company. Under federal law, subject to certain exemptions, a person, entity, or group must notify the federal banking agencies before acquiring 10 or more of the outstanding voting stock of a bank holding company, including the Company s shares. Banking agencies review the acquisition to determine if it will result in a change of control. The banking agencies have 60 days to act on the notice, and take into account several factors, including the resources of the acquiror and the antitrust effects of the acquisition. There also are Mississippi statutory provisions and provisions in our articles of incorporation that may be used to delay or block a takeover attempt. As a result, these statutory provisions and provisions in our articles of incorporation could result in the Company being less attractive to a potential acquiror. 
 The trading volume in our common stock is less than that of other larger financial services companies. 
 Although our common stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Global Market, the trading volume for our common stock is low relative to other larger financial services companies, and you are not assured liquidity with respect to transactions in our common stock. A public trading market having the desired characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness depends on the presence in the marketplace of willing buyers and sellers of our common stock at any given time. This presence depends on the individual decisions of investors and general economic and market conditions over which we have no control. Given the lower trading volume of our common stock, significant sales of our common stock, or the expectation of these sales, could cause our stock price to fall. 
 You may not receive dividends on our common stock. 
 Although we have historically declared quarterly cash dividends on our common stock, we are not required to do so and may reduce or cease to pay common stock dividends in the future. If we reduce or cease to pay common stock dividends, the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected. 
 The principal source of funds from which we pay cash dividends are the dividends received from The First. Federal and state banking laws and regulations and state corporate laws restrict the amount of dividends we may declare and pay from The First. See Item 1. Business Regulation and Supervision included herein for more information. 
 If we fail to pay dividends, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock may be the sole opportunity for gains on an investment in our common stock. In addition, in the event The First becomes unable to pay dividends to us, we may not be able to service our debt or pay our other obligations or pay dividends on our common stock and preferred stock. Accordingly, our inability to receive dividends from The First could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and the value of your investment in our common stock. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our Company s main office, which is the holding company headquarters, is located at 6480 U.S. Highway 98 West in Hattiesburg, Mississippi. As of year-end, we had 87 full service banking and financial service offices, one motor bank facility and two loan production offices across Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, Georgia and Louisiana. Management ensures that all properties, whether owned or leased, are maintained in suitable condition. 
 The following table sets forth banking office locations that are leased by the Company. 
 Bayley s Corner 
 Pascagoula 
 Dauphin Island 
 Pensacola - Downtown 
 Fairhope 
 Pensacola - Garden Street 
 Hardy Court 
 Spanish Fort 
 Killern 
 Starkville University 
 Mary Esther 
 Tallahassee Apalachee Parkway 
 Niceville 750 John Sims Parkway East 
 Tampa - Loan Production Office 
 Ocean Springs 
 Petal 
 Panama City Beach 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time the Company and/or The First may be named as defendants in various lawsuits arising out of the normal course of business. At present, the Company is not aware of any legal proceedings that it anticipates may materially adversely affect its business. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Shares of our common stock are traded on the Nasdaq global market under the symbol FBMS. 
 There were approximately 4,240 record holders of the Company s common stock at February 22, 2023 and 31,063,780 shares outstanding. 
 Subject to the approval of the Board of Directors and applicable regulatory requirements, the Company expects to continue its policy of paying regular cash dividends on a quarterly basis. A discussion of certain limitations on the ability of The Firsts to pay dividends to the Company and the ability of the Company to pay dividends on its common stock is set forth in Part 1 Item 1. Business Supervision and Regulation of this report. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table sets forth shares of our common stock we repurchased during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 225 30.00 30,000,000 November 396 33.05 30,000,000 December 1,237 30.79 30,000,000 Total 1,858 (a) 
 31.28 
 ______________________________________ 
 (a) The 1,858 shares purchased in the 4th quarter were withheld by the Company in order to satisfy employee tax obligations for vesting of restricted stock awards. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph and related information are neither soliciting material nor filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates it by reference to such filing. 
 The performance graph compares the cumulative five-year shareholder return on the Company s common stock, assuming an investment of 100 on December 31, 2017 and the reinvestment of dividends thereafter, to that of the common stocks of United States companies reported in the Nasdaq Composite-Total Returns Index and the common stocks of the Nasdaq OMX Banks Index. The Nasdaq OMX Banks Index contains securities of Nasdaq-listed companies classified according to the Industry Classification Benchmark as banks. They include banks providing a broad range of financial services, including retail banking, loans and money transmissions. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Legend Symbol Total Returns Index For: 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 
 First Bancshares, Inc. 100.00 88.96 105.46 93.24 118.37 100.35 
 NASDAQ Composite-Total Returns 100.00 97.16 132.81 192.47 235.15 158.65 
 NASDAQ OMX Banks Index 100.00 83.83 104.26 96.44 137.82 115.38 Notes: A. The lines represent monthly index levels derived from compounded daily returns that include all dividends. B. The indexes are reweighted daily, using the market capitalization on the previous trading day. C. If the monthly interval, based on the fiscal year-end, is not a trading day, the preceding trading day is used. D. The index level for all series was set to 100.00 on 12/31/2017. 
 
 ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following provides a narrative discussion and analysis of The First Bancshares financial condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the supplemental financial data included in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data included elsewhere in this report. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgements that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. While we base estimates on historical experience, current information and other factors deemed to be relevant, actual results could differ from those estimates. Accounting policies considered critical to our financial results include the allowance for credit losses and related provision, business combinations and goodwill. The most critical of these is the accounting policy related to the allowance for credit losses. 
 The allowance is based in large measure upon management's evaluation of borrowers' abilities to make loan payments, local and national economic conditions, and other subjective factors. If any of these factors were to deteriorate, management would update its estimates and judgments which may require additional loss provisions. Effective January 1, 2021, the Company adopted ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Measurement of Current Expected Credit Losses on Financial Instruments CECL ), which modified the accounting for the allowance for loan losses from an incurred loss model to an expected loss model, as discussed more fully under Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note B Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of this report. 
 Assets acquired and liabilities assumed as part of a business combination are generally recorded at their fair value at the date of acquisition. The excess of purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. Determining the fair value of identifiable assets, particularly intangibles, and liabilities acquired also require management to make estimates, which are based on all available information and in some cases assumptions with respect to the timing and amount of future revenues and expenses associated with an asset. Business combinations are discussed more fully under Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note B - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note C Business Combinations of this report. 
 Goodwill is assessed for impairment both annually and when events or circumstances occur that make it more likely than not that impairment has occurred. As part of its testing, the Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the Company determines the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount using these qualitative factors, the Company compares the fair value of goodwill with its carrying amount, and then measures impaired loss by comparing the implied fair value of goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. Other intangibles are also assessed for impairment, both annually and when events or circumstances occur, that make it more likely than not that impairment has occurred. Goodwill is discussed more fully under Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note B - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of this report. 
 Overview 
 The Company was incorporated on June 23, 1995, and serves as a bank holding company for The First, formerly known as The First, A National Banking Association, located in Hattiesburg, Mississippi. The First began operations on August 5, 1996, from its main office in the Oak Grove community, which is now incorporated within the city of Hattiesburg. Currently, the First has 90 locations in Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, Georgia and Louisiana. The Company and The First engage in a general commercial and retail banking business characterized by personalized service and local decision-making, emphasizing the banking needs of small to medium-sized businesses, professional concerns, and individuals. 
 The Company s primary source of revenue is interest income and fees, which it earns by lending and investing the funds which are held on deposit. Because loans generally earn higher rates of interest than investments, the Company seeks to employ as much of its deposit funds as possible in the form of loans to individuals, businesses, and other organizations. To ensure sufficient liquidity, the Company also maintains a portion of its deposits in cash, government securities, deposits 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 with other financial institutions, and overnight loans of excess reserves (known as Federal Funds Sold to correspondent banks. The revenue which the Company earns (prior to deducting its overhead expenses) is essentially a function of the amount of the Company s loans and deposits, as well as the profit margin interest spread and fee income which can be generated on these amounts. 
 Highlights for the year ended December 31, 2022 include: 
 Effective January 1, 2023, the Company closed its acquisition of HSBI, parent company of Heritage Bank based in Jonesboro, Georgia. Heritage Bank will increase the Company's presence in Southern Georgia as well as provide entry into the fast growing markets of Atlanta and Savannah, Georgia and Jacksonville, Florida. Heritage Bank will add approximately 1.6 million of assets and twenty four locations. Systems conversion is scheduled for the end of the first quarter of 2023. 
 During the fourth quarter, the Company completed the systems conversion related to the acquisition of BBI. 
 In year-over-year comparison, net income available to common shareholders decreased 1.2 million, or 1.9 , from 64.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 62.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Over the same period, Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP") loan fees decreased 9.8 million. 
 Net interest income after provision for credit losses was 172.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 14.0 million as compared to the same period ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to interest income earned on a higher volume of loans and securities and increased interest rates. 
 Non-interest income was 37.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 512 thousand as compared to the same period ended December 31, 2021. Increased service charges on deposit accounts and interchange fee income of 2.5 million was offset by a decrease in mortgage income of 4.5 million. 
 Non-interest expense was 130.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 15.9 million as compared to the same period ended December 31, 2021. An increase of 4.8 million in acquisition and charter conversion charges and 3.3 million related to the ongoing operation of the acquired Cadence Bank, N.A. ("Cadence") branches (the "Cadence Branches") and 5.1 million related to the Beach Bank branch operations accounted for the increase in non-interest expense. 
 On January 15, 2022, the Bank converted from a national banking association to a Mississippi state-chartered bank and became a member bank of the Federal Reserve System. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 6.462 billion in total assets, an increase of 384.3 million compared to 6.077 billion at December 31, 2021. Loans, including mortgage loans held for sale and net of the allowance for credit losses, increased to 3.740 billion at December 31, 2022 from 2.936 billion at December 31, 2021. Deposits increased to 5.494 billion at December 31, 2022 from 5.227 billion at December 31, 2021. Stockholders equity decreased to 646.7 million at December 31, 2022 from 676.2 million at December 31, 2021. The acquisition of BBI during 2022 contributed, at acquisition, 608.5 million, 485.2 million and 490.6 million in assets, loans, and deposits, respectively. The addition of the seven Cadence Bank branches during 2021 contributed, at acquisition, 412.9 million, 40.3 million and 410.2 million in assets, loans, and deposits, respectively. 
 The First (Bank only) reported net income of 72.6 million, 73.9 million and 60.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company reported consolidated net income available to common stockholders of 62.9 million, 64.2 million and 52.5 million, respectively. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company's consolidated financial statements and the Notes thereto and the other financial data included elsewhere. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following is a summary of the results of operations for The First (Bank only) the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 in thousands): 
 2022 2021 2020 Interest income 200,375 176,735 179,328 Interest expense 15,085 12,306 21,071 Net interest income 185,290 164,429 158,257 Provision for credit losses 5,605 (1,104) 25,151 Net interest income after provision for loan losses 179,685 165,533 133,106 Non-interest income 34,288 37,362 40,984 Non-interest expense 122,373 108,791 100,966 Income tax expense 19,033 20,210 13,108 Net income 72,567 73,894 60,016 
 The following reconciles the above table to the amounts reflected in the consolidated financial statements of the Company at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 in thousands): 
 2022 2021 2020 Net interest income: Net interest income of The First 185,290 164,429 158,257 Interest expense (7,474) (7,365) (5,573) 177,816 157,064 152,684 Net income available to common shareholders: Net income of The First 72,567 73,894 60,016 Net loss of the Company (9,648) (9,727) (7,511) 62,919 64,167 52,505 
 Consolidated Net Income 
 The Company reported consolidated net income available to common stockholders of 62.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a consolidated net income of 64.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. In the year-over-year comparison, PPP loan fee income decreased 9.8 million. 
 Net interest income increased 14.0 million in year-over-year comparison, primarily due to interest income earned on a higher volume of securities and loans and increased interest rates. Non-interest income decreased 512 thousand in year-over-year comparison. Increased service charges on deposit accounts and interchange fee income of 2.5 million was offset by a decrease in mortgage income of 4.5 million. Non-interest expense was 130.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 15.9 million as compared to the same period ended December 31, 2021. An increase of 4.8 million in acquisition and charter conversion charges and 3.3 million related to the ongoing operations of the Cadence Bank branches and 5.1 million related to the Beach Bank branch operations accounted for the increase in non-interest expense. 
 The Company reported consolidated net income available to common stockholders of 64.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to a consolidated net income of 52.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The change in provision for credit loss expenses in year-over-year comparison accounted for 19.6 million, net of tax of the change. The Company recorded a bargain purchase gain and loss on sale of land of 674 thousand, net of tax for the year end December 31, 2021 compared to a bargain purchase and sale of land gains of 8.3 million, net of tax for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Net interest income increased 4.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to interest income earned on a higher volume of securities and a reduction in interest expense due to changes in rates. Non-interest income increased 2.3 million in year-over-year comparison excluding the gains mentioned above. Interchange fee income increased 2.1 million and the U.S. Treasury Rapid Response Program RRP grant of 1.4 million, net of tax accounted for the increase in year-over-year comparison. Non-interest expense was 114.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 8.2 million as compared to the same period ended December 31, 2020. An increase of 4.6 million in salaries and employee benefits and an increase of 1.7 million in occupancy expense contributed to the increase. 
 See Note C Business Combinations in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for more information on how the Company accounts for business combinations. 
 Consolidated Net Interest Income 
 The largest component of net income for the Company is net interest income, which is the difference between the income earned on assets and interest paid on deposits and borrowings used to support such assets. Net interest income is determined by the rates earned on the Company s interest-earning assets and the rates paid on its interest-bearing liabilities, the relative amounts of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and the degree of mismatch and the maturity and repricing characteristics of its interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. 
 Consolidated net interest income was approximately 177.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 157.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was the direct result of higher volume of securities and loans and increased interest rates during 2022 as compared to 2021. Average interest-bearing liabilities for the year 2022 were 3.944 billion compared to 3.435 billion for the year 2021. Net interest margin, which is net interest income divided by average earning assets, was 3.19 for the year 2022 compared to 3.21 for the year 2021. Rates paid on average interest-bearing liabilities increased to 0.57 for the year 2022 compared to 0.43 for the year 2021. Interest earned on assets and interest accrued on liabilities is significantly influenced by market factors, specifically interest rates as set by federal agencies. Average loans comprised 58.0 of average earnings assets for the year 2022 compared to 60.8 for the year 2021. 
 Consolidated net interest income was approximately 157.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to 152.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This increase was the direct result of higher volume of securities and a reduction in interest expense due to changes in rates during 2021 as compared to 2020. Average interest-bearing liabilities for the year 2021 were 4.548 billion compared to 3.902 billion for the year 2020. Net interest margin, which is net interest income divided by average earning assets, was 3.21 for the year 2021 compared to 3.64 for the year 2020. Rates paid on average interest-bearing liabilities decreased to 0.57 for the year 2021 compared to 0.86 for the year 2020. Interest earned on assets and interest accrued on liabilities is significantly influenced by market factors, specifically interest rates as set by federal agencies. Average loans comprised 60.8 of average earnings assets for the year 2021 compared to 71.0 for the year 2020. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Average Balances, Income and Expenses, and Rates . The following tables depict, for the periods indicated, certain information related to the average balance sheet and average yields on assets and average costs of liabilities. Such yields are derived by dividing income or expense by the average balance of the corresponding assets or liabilities. Average balances have been derived from daily averages. 
 Average Balances, Income and Expenses, and Rates 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 in thousands) Average Balance Income/ Expenses Yield/ Rate Average Balance Income/ Expenses Yield/ Rate Average Balance Income/ Expenses Yield/ 
 Rate 
 Assets Earning Assets Loans (1)(2) 3,302,265 157,761 4.78 3,019,605 151,203 5.01 3,020,280 157,564 5.22 Securities (4) 2,023,214 46,305 2.29 1,305,262 28,035 2.15 917,858 23,747 2.59 Federal funds sold and interest bearing deposits with other banks (3) 366,465 50 0.01 642,042 121 0.02 317,848 378 0.12 Total earning assets 5,691,944 204,116 3.59 4,966,909 179,359 3.61 4,255,986 181,689 4.27 Other 584,164 526,877 523,412 Total assets 6,276,108 5,493,786 4,779,398 Liabilities Interest-bearing liabilities 3,943,531 22,577 0.57 3,434,964 19,681 0.57 3,090,353 26,664 0.86 Demand deposits (1) 1,660,696 1,366,529 1,047,353 Other liabilities 45,065 34,827 34,582 Stockholders equity 626,816 657,466 607,110 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 6,276,108 5,493,786 4,779,398 Net interest spread 3.02 3.04 3.41 Net yield on interest-earning assets 181,539 3.19 159,678 3.21 155,025 3.64 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) All loans and deposits were made to borrowers or received from depositors in the United States. Includes nonaccrual loans of 12,591, 28,013, and 33,744 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Loans include held for sale loans. 
 (2) Includes loan fees of 7,453, 17,138, and 9,899 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 (3) Includes Excess Balance Account-Mississippi National Banker s Bank. 
 (4) Fully tax equivalent yield assuming a 25.3 tax rate. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Analysis of Changes in Net Interest Income . The following table presents the consolidated dollar amount of changes in interest income and interest expense attributable to changes in volume and to changes in rate. The combined effect in both volume and rate which cannot be separately identified has been allocated proportionately to the change due to volume and due to rate. 
 Analysis of Changes in Consolidated Net Interest Income 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 versus 2021 Increase (decrease) due to Year Ended December 31, 2021 versus 2020 Increase (decrease) due to in thousands) Volume Rate Net Volume Rate Net Earning Assets Loans 14,176 (7,595) 6,581 (35) (6,246) (6,281) Securities (1) 15,436 2,832 18,268 9,949 (5,749) 4,200 Federal funds sold and interest bearing deposits with other banks (55) (37) (92) 386 (635) (249) Total interest income 29,557 (4,800) 24,757 10,300 (12,630) (2,330) Interest-Bearing Liabilities Interest-bearing transaction accounts 1,278 (745) 533 2,100 (3,746) (1,646) Money market accounts and savings 226 819 1,045 950 (2,757) (1,807) Time deposits 294 (52) 242 (1,267) (2,836) (4,103) Borrowed funds 241 835 1,076 1,251 (678) 573 Total interest expense 2,039 857 2,896 3,034 (10,017) (6,983) Net interest income 27,518 (5,657) 21,861 7,266 (2,613) 4,653 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) Fully tax equivalent yield assuming a 25.3 tax rate. 
 Interest Sensitivity . The Company monitors and manages the pricing and maturity of its assets and liabilities in order to diminish the potential adverse impact that changes in interest rates could have on its net interest income. A monitoring technique employed by the Company is the measurement of the Company s interest sensitivity "gap," which is the positive or negative dollar difference between assets and liabilities that are subject to interest rate repricing within a given period of time. The Company also performs asset/liability modeling to assess the impact varying interest rates and balance sheet mix assumptions will have on net interest income. Interest rate sensitivity can be managed by repricing assets or liabilities, selling securities available-for-sale, replacing an asset or liability at maturity, or adjusting the interest rate during the life of an asset or liability. Managing the amount of assets and liabilities repricing in the same time interval helps to hedge the risk and minimize the impact on net interest income of rising or falling interest rates. The Company evaluates interest sensitivity risk and then formulates guidelines regarding asset generation and repricing, funding sources and pricing, and off-balance sheet commitments in order to decrease interest rate sensitivity risk. 

37 

Table of Contents 

 In the third quarter of 2022, the Company ceased the Deposit Reclassification program it implemented at the beginning of 2020. The program reclassified non-interest bearing and NOW deposit balances to money market accounts. The following tables illustrate the Company s consolidated interest rate sensitivity and consolidated cumulative gap position by maturity at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Deposits at December 31, 2021 and 2020 are shown without reclassification for consistency with the current period presentation in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 Within Three Months After Three Through Twelve Months Within One Year Greater Than One Year or Nonsensitive Total Assets Earning Assets: Loans 180,128 247,781 427,909 3,350,693 3,778,602 Securities (2) 13,565 58,431 71,996 1,876,589 1,948,585 Funds sold and other 78,139 78,139 78,139 Total earning assets 193,693 384,351 578,044 5,227,282 5,805,326 Liabilities Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing deposits: NOW accounts (1) 1,769,699 1,769,699 1,769,699 Money market accounts 825,813 825,813 825,813 Savings deposits (1) 542,296 542,296 542,296 Time deposits 118,108 440,087 558,195 168,200 726,395 Total interest-bearing deposits 943,921 2,752,082 3,696,003 168,200 3,864,203 Borrowed funds (3) 130,100 130,100 130,100 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,074,021 2,752,082 3,826,103 168,200 3,994,303 Interest-sensitivity gap per period (880,328) (2,367,731) (3,248,059) 5,059,082 1,811,023 Cumulative gap at December 31, 2022 (880,328) (3,248,059) (3,248,059) 1,811,023 1,811,023 Ratio of cumulative gap to total earning assets at December 31, 2022 (15.2) (55.9) (55.9) 31.2 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2021 Within Three Months After Three Through Twelve Months Within One Year Greater Than One Year or Nonsensitive Total Assets Earning Assets: Loans 147,728 256,450 404,178 2,563,053 2,967,231 Securities (2) 8,959 51,457 60,416 1,713,642 1,774,058 Funds sold and other 804,481 804,481 804,481 Total earning assets 156,687 1,112,388 1,269,075 4,276,695 5,545,770 Liabilities Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing deposits: NOW accounts (1) 1,771,510 1,771,510 1,771,510 Money market accounts 817,476 817,476 817,476 Savings deposits (1) 502,808 502,808 502,808 Time deposits 132,025 312,958 444,983 139,626 584,609 Total interest-bearing deposits 949,501 2,587,276 3,536,777 139,626 3,676,403 Total interest-bearing liabilities 949,501 2,587,276 3,536,777 139,626 3,676,403 Interest-sensitivity gap per period (792,814) (1,474,888) (2,267,702) 4,137,069 1,869,367 Cumulative gap at December 31, 2021 (792,814) (2,267,702) (2,267,702) 1,869,367 1,869,367 Ratio of cumulative gap to total earning assets at December 31, 2021 (14.3) (40.9) (40.9) 33.7 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2020 Within Three Months After Three Through Twelve Months Within One Year Greater Than One Year or Nonsensitive Total Assets Earning Assets: Loans 220,572 222,176 442,748 2,702,362 3,145,110 Securities (2) 9,211 24,012 33,223 1,016,434 1,049,657 Funds sold and other 424,870 424,870 424,870 Total earning assets 229,783 671,058 900,841 3,718,796 4,619,637 Liabilities Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing deposits: NOW accounts (1) 1,347,778 1,347,778 1,347,778 Money market accounts 705,357 705,357 705,357 Savings deposits (1) 395,116 395,116 395,116 Time deposits 116,796 303,571 420,367 160,682 581,049 Total interest-bearing deposits 822,153 2,046,465 2,868,618 160,682 3,029,300 Borrowed funds (3) 110,182 554 110,736 3,911 114,647 Total interest-bearing liabilities 932,335 2,047,019 2,979,354 164,593 3,143,947 Interest-sensitivity gap per period (702,552) (1,375,961) (2,078,513) 3,554,203 1,475,690 Cumulative gap at December 31, 2020 (702,552) (2,078,513) (2,078,513) 1,475,690 1,475,690 Ratio of cumulative gap to total earning assets at December 31, 2020 (15.2) (45.0) (45.0) 31.9 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) NOW and savings accounts are subject to immediate withdrawal and repricing. These deposits do not tend to immediately react to changes in interest rates and the Company believes these deposits are fairly stable. Therefore, these deposits are included in the repricing period that management believes most closely matches the periods in which they are likely to reprice rather than the period in which the funds can be withdrawn contractually. 
 (2) Securities include mortgage backed and other installment paying obligations based upon stated maturity dates. 
 (3) Does not include subordinated debentures of 145,027, 144,592, 80,678 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company generally would benefit from increasing market rates of interest when it has an asset-sensitive gap and generally from decreasing market rates of interest when it is liability sensitive. The Company currently is liability sensitive within the one-year time frame based on effective GAP which uses behavioral assumptions that model the rate sensitivity of non-maturity deposits by looking at the deposits behavior rather than their contractual ability to reprice. The cash flows used in the analysis are the projected dollars of assets and liabilities that reprice (including maturities, repricing, likely calls, prepayments, etc.). However, the Company's gap analysis is not a precise indicator of its interest sensitivity position. The analysis presents only a static view of the timing of maturities and repricing opportunities, without taking into consideration that changes in interest rates do not affect all assets and liabilities equally. For example, rates paid on a substantial portion of core deposits may change contractually within a relatively short time frame, but those rates are viewed by management as significantly less interest-sensitive than market-based rates such as those paid on non-core deposits. Accordingly, management believes a liability sensitive-position within one year would not be as indicative of the Company s true interest sensitivity as it would be for an organization which depends to a greater extent on purchased funds to support earning assets. Net interest income is also affected by other significant factors, including changes in the volume and mix of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables depict, for the periods indicated, certain information related to interest rate sensitivity in net interest income and market value of equity: 
 December 31, 2022 Net Interest Income at Risk Market Value of Equity Change in Interest Rates Change from Base Bank Policy Limit Change from Base Bank Policy Limit Up 400 bps (11.3) (20.0) (16.6) (40.0) Up 300 bps (6.4) (15.0) (10.6) (30.0) Up 200 bps (2.9) (10.0) (5.8) (20.0) Up 100 bps (0.9) (5.0) (2.2) (10.0) Down 100 bps 1.1 (5.0) 0.9 (10.0) Down 200 bps (0.7) (10.0) (2.2) (20.0) 
 December 31, 2021 Net Interest Income at Risk Market Value of Equity Change in Interest Rates Change from Base Bank Policy Limit Change from Base Bank Policy Limit Up 400 bps 11.3 (20.0) 20.0 (40.0) Up 300 bps 10.2 (15.0) 18.9 (30.0) Up 200 bps 8.1 (10.0) 15.5 (20.0) Up 100 bps 4.7 (5.0) 9.4 (10.0) Down 100 bps (3.3) (5.0) (15.0) (10.0) Down 200 bps (4.6) (10.0) (34.2) (20.0) 
 December 31, 2020 Net Interest Income at Risk Market Value of Equity Change in Interest Rates Change from Base Bank Policy Limit Change from Base Bank Policy Limit Up 400 bps 14.7 (20.0) 36.5 (40.0) Up 300 bps 12.4 (15.0) 31.9 (30.0) Up 200 bps 9.2 (10.0) 24.6 (20.0) Up 100 bps 5.1 (5.0) 14.1 (10.0) Down 100 bps (2.1) (5.0) (19.7) (10.0) Down 200 bps (3.0) (10.0) (31.2) (20.0) 
 Allowance and Provision for Credit Losses 
 On January 1, 2021, the Company adopted the ASC 326. The FASB issued ASC 326 to replace the incurred loss model for loans and other financial assets with an expected loss model and requires consideration of a wider range of reasonable and supportable information to determine credit losses. In accordance with ASC 326, the Company has developed an ACL methodology effective January 1, 2021, which replaces its previous allowance for loan losses methodology. The ACL is a valuation account that is deducted from loans amortized cost basis to present the net amount expected to be collected on the loans. Loans are charged-off against the allowance when management believes the uncollectibility of a loan balance is confirmed. Expected recoveries do not exceed the aggregate of amounts previously charged-off and expected to be charged-off. 
 Management estimates the allowance balance using relevant available information, from internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Historical credit loss experience provides the basis for the estimation of expected credit losses. Adjustments to historical loss information are made for differences in current risk characteristics such as differences in underwriting standards, portfolio mix, delinquency level, or term as well as for changes in environment conditions, such as changes in unemployment rates, property values, or other relevant factors. Management may selectively apply external market data to subjectively adjust 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 the Company s own loss history including index or peer data. Management evaluates the adequacy of the ACL quarterly and makes provisions for credit losses based on this evaluation. See Note B Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for a complete description of the Company s methodology and the quantitative and qualitative factors included in the calculation. 
 At December 31, 2022, the ACL was 38.9 million, or 1.0 of LHFI, an increase of 8.2 million, or 26.6 when compared to December 31, 2021. The 2022 provision for credit losses includes 3.9 million associated with a day one post-merger accounting provision recorded for non-PCD loans, unfunded commitments. A 1.3 million initial allowance was recorded on PCD loans acquired in the BBI merger. At December 31, 2021, the allowance for loan losses was approximately 30.7 million, which was 1.0 of LHFI. The Company maintains the allowance at a level that management believes is adequate to absorb probable incurred losses inherent in the loan portfolio. Specifically, identifiable and quantifiable losses are immediately charged-off against the allowance; recoveries are generally recorded only when sufficient cash payments are received subsequent to the charge-off. 
 The provision for credit losses is a charge to earnings to maintain the allowance for credit losses at a level consistent with management s assessment of the collectability of the loan portfolio in light of current economic conditions and market trends. The Company s provision for credit losses was a 5.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and negative 1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the provision for loan losses was 25.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. A majority of the 2022 increase in the Company's provision for credit losses is attributed to the BBI acquisition detailed above. The negative provision for 2021 is attributed to the improved macroeconomic outlook and the Company s ACL calculation under ASC 326. The majority of the 25.2 million provision for loan losses in 2020 was related to our estimates of probable incurred losses associated with COVID-19 pandemic. 
 At December 31, 2022, management believes the allowance is appropriate and has been derived from consistent application of our methodology. Should any of the factors considered by management in evaluating the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses change, management s estimate of inherent losses in the portfolio could also change, which would affect the level of future provisions for credit losses. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Off Balance Sheet Credit Exposures 
 On January 1, 2021, the Company adopted ASC 326. The Company estimates expected credit losses over the contractual period in which the Company is exposed to credit risk via a contractual obligation to extend credit, unless that obligation is unconditionally cancellable by the Company. The ACL on off-balance sheet credit OBSC exposures is adjusted as a provision for credit loss expense. The estimate includes consideration of the likelihood that funding will occur and an estimate of expected credit losses on commitments expected to be funded over its estimated life. Upon adoption of ASC 326, the Company recorded an ACL on unfunded commitments of 718 thousand. The Company's provision for credit losses on OBSC exposures was 255 thousand for the year end December 31, 2022 and 352 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Non-Performing Assets 
 A loan is placed on nonaccrual and the accrual of interest discontinued, when based on all available information and events, it displays characteristics causing management to determine that the collection of all principal, interest, and other related fees due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement is not probable. Also identified along with these loans in nonaccrual status, are loans determined by management to be labelled as troubled debt restructure based on regulatory guidance, as well as loans 90 days or greater past due and still accruing interest. 
 Once these loans are identified, they are evaluated to determine whether the ultimate repayment source will be liquidation of collateral or some future source of cash flow. If the only source of repayment will come from the liquidation of collateral, they are analyzed and documented as to whether any impairment exists. This method considers collateral exposure, as well as all expected expenses related to the disposal of the collateral. If there is any impairment, specific allowances for these loans are then accounted for on a per loan basis. Loans that are identified as criticized or classified based on unsatisfactory repayment performance, or other evidence of deteriorating credit quality, are not reviewed until they meet one of the three criteria described above. 
 Total nonaccrual loans at December 31, 2022, were 12.6 million, a decrease of 15.4 million compared to 28.0 million at December 31, 2021. A majority of the decrease is related to one legacy relationship that was placed back on accrual status. Management believes these relationships were adequately reserved at December 31, 2022. Restructured 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 loans not reported as past due or nonaccrual at December 31, 2022 totaled 14.7 million. See Note E Loans in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for a description of restructured loans. 
 A potential problem loan is one in which management has serious doubts about the borrower s future performance under the terms of the loan contract and does not meet the standard of a non-performing asset as outlined by regulatory guidance. These loans may or may not be current as to principal and interest repayment, but they still possess some asset quality characteristics that give management a reason to believe that repayment in full under the contractual terms of the agreement are possible. The level of potential problem loans is one factor used in the determination of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, The First had potential problem loans of 108.1 million and 154.8 million, respectively. The decrease of 46.8 million during 2022 was largely attributable to payoffs throughout the year and loans that were downgraded due to the financial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic being upgraded as their financial position improved. 
 
 Summary of Loan Loss Experience 
 Consolidated Allowance for Credit Losses 
 Years Ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 (1) Average LHFI outstanding 3,302,265 3,019,605 Loans outstanding at year end, including LHFS 3,778,630 2,967,231 Total nonaccrual loans 12,591 28,013 Beginning balance of allowance 30,742 35,820 Impact of ASC 326 adoption on non-PCD loans (718) Impact of ASC 326 adoption on PCD loans 1,115 Initial allowance on acquired PCD loans 1,303 Loans charged-off (1,218) (6,213) Total recoveries 2,740 2,194 Net loans (charged-off) recoveries 1,522 (4,019) Provision for credit losses (2) 5,350 (1,456) Balance at year end 38,917 30,742 Net charge-offs to average loans 0.05 0.13 Allowance as percent of total loans 1.03 1.04 Nonaccrual loans as a percentage of total loans 0.33 0.94 Allowance as a multiple of nonaccrual loans 3.10X 1.10 X 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) Effective January 1, 2021, The Company adopted ASC 326 using the modified retrospective approach. 
 (2) The negative provision of 1.5 million for credit losses on the consolidated statements of income is net of a 370 thousand provision for credit marks in the Cadence Branches loans acquired for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 At December 31, 2022, allowance as of percent of total loans decreased 0.01 to 1.03 when compared to 1.04 at December 31, 2021. The decrease is attributed to the increase in loan volume related to the BBI acquisition and organic loan growth in 2022. At December 31, 2022, nonaccrual loans as a percentage of total loans decreased 0.61 to 0.33 when compared to 0.94 at December 31, 2021. The decrease is attributed to a 15.4 million decrease in nonaccrual loans mentioned above. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 At December 31, 2022, the components of the ACL consisted of the following in thousands): 
 Allowance Allocated: 2022 2021 Collateral dependent loans 5 6 Loans collectively evaluated 38,912 30,736 Total 38,917 30,742 
 Loan collectively evaluated are those loans or pools of loans assigned a grade by internal loan review. 
 The following table represents the activity of the allowance for credit losses for the years 2022 and 2021 in thousands): 
 Analysis of the Allowance for Credit Losses 2022 2021 (1) Balance at beginning of period 30,742 35,820 Impact of ASC 326 adoption on non-PCD loans (718) Impact of ASC 326 adoption on PCD loans 1,115 Initial allowance on acquired PCD loans 1,303 Loans charged-off: Commercial, financial and agriculture (259) (1,662) Commercial real estate (72) (3,523) Consumer real estate (204) (473) Consumer installment (683) (555) Total (1,218) (6,213) Recoveries on loans previously charged-off: Commercial, financial and agriculture 433 433 Commercial real estate 591 888 Consumer real estate 1,015 311 Consumer installment 701 562 Total 2,740 2,194 Net (charge-offs) recoveries 1,522 (4,019) Provision: Initial provision for acquired non-PCD loans 3,855 Provision for credit losses charged to expense 1,495 (1,456) Balance at end of period 38,917 30,742 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) Effective January 1, 2021, The Company adopted ASC 326 using the modified retrospective approach. 
 (2) The negative provision of 1.5 million for credit losses on the consolidated statements of income is net of a 370 thousand provision for credit marks in the Cadence Branches loans acquired for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 The following tables represents how the ACL is allocated to a particular loan type as well as the percentage of the category to total gross loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021 in thousands): 
 Allocation of the Allowance for Credit Losses 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Amount of loans in each category to total gross loans Amount of loans in each category to total gross loans Commercial, financial and agriculture 6,349 14.2 4,873 13.4 Commercial real estate 20,389 56.5 17,552 57.0 Consumer real estate 11,599 28.1 7,889 28.3 Consumer installment 580 1.2 428 1.3 Total loans 38,917 100 30,742 100 
 Non-interest Income 
 The Company's primary sources of non-interest income are mortgage banking operations and service charges on deposit accounts. Other sources of non-interest income include bankcard fees, commissions on check sales, safe deposit box rent, wire transfer fees, official check fees and bank owned life insurance income. 
 Non-interest income was 37.0 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 512 thousand or 1.4 compared to December 31, 2021. Increased service charges on deposit accounts and interchange fee income of 2.5 million was offset by a decrease in mortgage income of 4.5 million. Non-interest income was 37.5 million at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 4.4 million or 10.5 compared to December 31, 2020. The decrease includes a 7.6 million decrease in the bargain purchase gain and loss on the sale of land, a decrease in mortgage income of 1.6 million, an increase of 1.1 million in other income and an increase in interchange fees of 2.1 million. 
 Non-interest Expense 
 Non-interest expense was 130.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 15.9 million, or 13.9 in year-over-year comparison. An increase of 4.8 million in acquisition and charter conversion charges and 3.3 million related to the ongoing operations of the Cadence Bank branches and 5.1 million related to the Beach Bank branch operations accounted for the increase in non-interest expense. Non-interest expense was 114.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 8.2 million compared to December 31, 2020, of which 4.6 million is related to the increase in salaries and employee benefits and an increase of 1.7 million in occupancy expense. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth the primary components of non-interest expense for the periods indicated in thousands): 
 Non-interest Expense 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Salaries and employee benefits 73,077 65,856 61,230 Occupancy 12,854 12,713 11,282 Furniture and equipment 2,981 2,848 2,551 Supplies and printing 967 903 925 Professional and consulting fees 3,558 4,035 3,897 Marketing and public relations 393 615 512 FDIC and OCC assessments 2,122 2,074 1,351 ATM expense 3,873 3,623 3,042 Bank communications 1,904 1,754 2,028 Data processing 2,211 1,578 1,137 Acquisition expense/charter conversion 6,410 1,607 3,315 Other 20,133 16,953 15,071 Total 130,483 114,559 106,341 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Income tax expense consists of two components. The first is the current tax expense which represents the expected income tax to be paid to taxing authorities. The Company also recognizes deferred tax for future income/deductible amounts resulting from differences in the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Income tax expense was 15.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, 16.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 10.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company s effective income tax rate was 20.0 , 20.9 and 16.8 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The effective tax rate differs each year primarily due to our investments in bank-qualified municipal securities, bank-owed life insurance, and certain merger related expenses. The increase in the Company s effective rate for 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily due to the 6.9 million, non-taxable, decrease in the bargain purchase gain. The effective tax rate for 2020 includes the 7.8 million, non-taxable, bargain purchase gain related to the acquisition of Southwest Georgia Financial Corp. ("SWG") and the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the "CARES Act") of 2020 that was signed into law on March 27, 2020. The CARES Act included several significant provisions for corporations including increasing the amount of deductible interest under section 163(j), allowing companies to carryback certain net operating losses, and increasing the amount of net operating loss that corporations can use to offset income. Income taxes are discussed more fully under Note K Income Tax in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 
 Analysis of Financial Condition 
 Earning Assets 
 Loans. Loans typically provide higher yields than the other types of earning assets, and thus one of the Company's goals is for loans to be the largest category of the Company's earning assets. At December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, average loans accounted for 58.0 , 60.8 and 71.0 of average earning assets. Management attempts to control and counterbalance the inherent credit and liquidity risks associated with the higher loan yields without sacrificing asset quality to achieve its asset mix goals. Loans, excluding mortgage loans held for sale, averaged 3.302 billion during 2022 and 3.020 billion during 2021, as compared to 3.020 billion during 2020. 
 In the context of this discussion, a "real estate mortgage loan" is defined as any loan, other than loans for construction purposes, secured by real estate, regardless of the purpose of the loan. The Company follows the common practice of financial institutions in the Company s market area of obtaining a security interest in real estate whenever possible, in addition to any other available collateral. This collateral is taken to reinforce the likelihood of the ultimate 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 repayment of the loan and tends to increase the magnitude of the real estate loan portfolio component. Generally, the Company limits its loan-to-value ratio to 80 . Management attempts to maintain a conservative philosophy regarding its underwriting guidelines and believes it will reduce the risk elements of its loan portfolio through strategies that diversify the lending mix. 
 Loans held for sale consist of mortgage loans originated by the Bank and sold into the secondary market. Commitments from investors to purchase the loans are obtained upon origination. 
 The following table sets forth the Company s loan portfolio maturing within specified intervals at December 31, 2022 in thousands): 
 Loan Maturity Schedule and Sensitivity to Changes in Interest Rates 
 Due in One Year or Less After One, but Within Five Years After Five but Within Fifteen Years After Fifteen Years Total Commercial, financial and agricultural 92,181 260,616 179,998 3,397 536,192 Commercial real estate 198,934 862,146 1,024,254 49,929 2,135,263 Consumer real estate 123,841 277,998 160,975 496,185 1,058,999 Consumer installment 6,349 33,863 3,490 1 43,703 Total 421,305 1,434,623 1,368,717 549,512 3,774,157 Loans with fixed interest rates: Commercial, financial and agricultural 37,848 213,347 145,177 2,739 399,111 Commercial real estate 156,309 736,933 703,451 11,783 1,608,476 Consumer real estate 83,129 189,024 101,379 81,247 454,779 Consumer installment 5,403 32,472 3,288 1 41,164 Total 282,689 1,171,776 953,295 95,770 2,503,530 Loans with floating interest rates: Commercial, financial and agricultural 54,333 47,269 34,821 658 137,081 Commercial real estate 42,625 125,213 320,803 38,146 526,787 Consumer real estate 40,712 88,974 59,596 414,938 604,220 Consumer installment 946 1,391 202 2,539 Total 138,616 262,847 415,422 453,742 1,270,627 
 The information presented in the above table is based on the contractual maturities of the individual loans, including loans which may be subject to renewal at their contractual maturity. Renewal of such loans is subject to review and credit approval, as well as modification of terms upon their maturity. 
 Investment Securities. The investment securities portfolio is a significant component of the Company s total earning assets. Total securities averaged 2.023 billion in 2022, as compared to 1.305 billion in 2021, and 917.9 million in 2020. This represents 35.5 , 26.3 , and 21.6 of the average earning assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, investment securities, including equity securities, were 1.983 billion and represented 32.6 of earning assets. The Company attempts to maintain a portfolio of high quality, highly liquid investments with returns competitive with short-term U.S. Treasury or agency obligations. This objective is particularly important as the Company focuses on growing its loan portfolio. The Company primarily invests in securities of U.S. Treasury, U.S. Government agencies, municipals, and corporate obligations with maturities up to ten years. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 The following table details the weighted-average yield for each range of maturities of securities held-to-maturity using the amortized cost at December 31, 2022 (tax equivalent basis): 
 Within One Year After One, But Within Five Years Maturing After Five But Within Ten Years After Ten Years Total Securities held-to-maturity U.S. Treasury 1.16 1.60 1.52 Obligations of U.S. government agencies and sponsored entities 2.49 3.28 3.08 Tax-exempt and taxable obligations of states and municipal subdivisions 1.00 1.90 3.78 4.92 4.68 Mortgage-backed securities - residential 1.61 2.45 2.34 Mortgage-backed securities - commercial 2.24 3.40 3.36 3.25 Corporate obligations 3.13 3.13 Total held-to-maturity 1.11 1.81 3.50 4.64 4.22 
 Mortgage-backed securities are included in maturity categories based in their stated maturity date. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations. 
 Short-Term Investments. Short-term investments, consisting of Federal Funds Sold, funds due from banks and interest-bearing deposits with banks, averaged 366.5 million in 2022, 642.0 million in 2021, and 317.8 million in 2020. There were no federal funds sold at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. These funds are a primary source of the Company's liquidity and are generally invested in an earning capacity on an overnight basis. 
 Deposits 
 Deposits. Average total deposits at December 31, 2022 were 5.428 billion, an increase of 796.9 million, or 17.2 compared to 2021. Average total deposits at December 31, 2021 were 4.631 billion, an increase of 713.7 million, or 18.2 compared to 3.918 billion in 2020. At December 31, 2022, total deposits were 5.494 billion, compared to 5.227 billion at December 31, 2021, an increase of 267.6 million, or 5.1 , and 4.215 billion at December 31, 2020. Deposits of 490.6 million were acquired in 2022 with the acquisition of BBI. Deposits of 410.2 million were acquired in 2021 with the acquisition of the Cadence branches. Deposits of 476.1 million were acquired in 2020 with the acquisition of SWG. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had estimated uninsured deposits of 2.076 billion and 2.054 billion, respectively. These estimates were derived using the same methodologies and assumptions used for the Bank's regulatory reporting. 

48 

Table of Contents 

 In the third quarter of 2022, the Company ceased the Deposit Reclassification program it implemented at the beginning of 2020. The program reclassified non-interest bearing and NOW deposit balances to money market accounts. A distribution of the Company s deposits showing the year-to-date average balance of deposits by type and weighted-average is presented for the noted periods in the following table. Deposits at December 31, 2021 and 2020 are shown without reclassification for consistency with the current period presentation in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Average Balance Average Rate Paid Average Balance Average Rate Paid Average Balance Average Rate Paid Non-interest-bearing accounts 1,660,301 1,366,529 1,047,353 Interest bearing deposits: NOW accounts and other 1,810,575 0.44 1,529,293 0.48 1,261,264 0.70 Money market accounts 831,463 0.29 756,951 0.20 610,478 0.56 Savings accounts 535,449 0.04 440,977 0.03 346,612 0.05 Time deposits 590,385 0.58 537,538 0.59 651,887 1.11 Total interest-bearing deposits 3,767,872 0.37 3,264,759 0.37 2,870,241 0.68 Total deposits 5,428,173 0.26 4,631,288 0.26 3,917,594 0.50 
 The most significant growth during 2022 compared to 2021 was in NOW accounts. The average cost of interest-bearing deposits and total deposits was 0.37 and 0.26 during 2022 compared to 0.37 and 0.26 in 2021. Average cost of interest-bearing deposits and total deposits remained unchanged at December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. The decrease in the average cost of interest-bearing deposit during 2021 compared to 2020 was related to lower average interest rates paid on most of our interest-bearing deposit products as a result of lower average market interest rates. 
 The Company s loan-to-deposit ratio, which excludes mortgage loans held for sale, was 68.7 at December 31, 2022, 56.6 at December 31, 2021 and 74.1 at December 31, 2020. The loan-to-deposit ratio averaged 60.8 during 2022. Core deposits, which exclude time deposits of 250,000 or more in 2022 and 2021 and time deposits of 100,000 or more in 2020, provide a relatively stable funding source for the Company's loan portfolio and other earning assets. The Company's core deposits were 5.198 billion at December 31, 2022, 4.504 billion at December 31, 2021, and 3.853 billion at December 31, 2020. Management anticipates that a stable base of deposits will be the Company's primary source of funding to meet both its short-term and long-term liquidity needs in the future. The Company has purchased brokered deposits from time to time to help fund loan growth. Brokered deposits and jumbo certificates of deposit generally carry a higher interest rate than traditional core deposits. Further, brokered deposit customers typically do not have loan or other relationships with the Company. The Company has adopted a policy not to permit brokered deposits to represent more than 10 of all of the Company s deposits. Transaction account balances were above normal as of December 31, 2020, due to PPP loan proceeds. 
 Maturities of Certificates of Deposit 
 of 250,000 or More 
 in thousands) Within Three Months After Three Through Six Months After Six Through Twelve Months After Twelve Months Total December 31, 2022 11,179 27,574 65,993 41,865 146,611 
 Borrowed Funds 
 Borrowed funds consist of advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas FHLB ), loans from First Horizon Bank, federal funds purchased and reverse repurchase agreements. At December 31, 2022, advances from the FHLB totaled 130.1 million compared to 0 at December 31, 2021 and 110.0 million at December 31, 2020. The advances are collateralized by a blanket lien on the first mortgage loans in the amount of the outstanding borrowings, FHLB capital stock, and amounts on deposit with the FHLB. There were no federal funds purchased at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As part of the acquisition of First Florida Bancshares, Inc. ("FFB"), the Company assumed 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 two loans in the amount of 3.5 million and 2.0 million with First Horizon Bank. Principal and interest are payable quarterly at rates ranging from 3.80 - 4.10 . In 2021, the Company repaid the two loans acquired from the FFB acquisition. 
 Subordinated Debentures 
 On June 30, 2006, the Company issued 4.1 million of floating rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures to The First Bancshares Statutory Trust 2 Trust 2 ). The debentures are the sole asset of Trust 2, and the Company is the sole owner of the common equity of Trust 2. Trust 2 issued 4,000,000 of Trust Preferred Securities to investors. The Company s obligations under the debentures and related documents, taken together, constitute a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company of the Trust 2 s obligations under the preferred securities. The preferred securities are redeemable by the Company at its option. The preferred securities must be redeemed upon maturity of the debentures in 2036. Interest on the preferred securities is the three month London Interbank Offer Rate (LIBOR) plus 1.65 and is payable quarterly. The terms of the subordinated debentures are identical to those of the preferred securities. 
 
 On July 27, 2007, the Company issued 6.2 million of floating rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures to The First Bancshares Statutory Trust 3 Trust 3 ). The Company owns all of the common equity of Trust 3, and the debentures are the sole asset of Trust 3. Trust 3 issued 6,000,000 of Trust Preferred Securities to investors. The Company s obligations under the debentures and related documents, taken together, constitute a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company of Trust 3 s obligations under the preferred securities. The preferred securities are redeemable by the Company at its option. The preferred securities must be redeemed upon maturity of the debentures in 2037. Interest on the preferred securities is the three month LIBOR plus 1.40 and is payable quarterly. The terms of the subordinated debentures are identical to those of the preferred securities. 
 
 In 2018, as a result of the acquisition of FMB Banking Corporation FMB ), the Company became the successor to FMB s obligations in respect of 6,186,000 of floating rate junior subordinated debentures issued to FMB Capital Trust 1 FMB Trust ). The debentures are the sole asset of FMB Trust, and the Company is the sole owner of the common equity of FMB Trust. FMB Trust issued 6,000,000 of Trust Preferred Securities to investors. The Company s obligations under the debentures and related documents, taken together, constitute a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company of FMB Trust s obligations under the preferred securities. The preferred securities issued by the FMB Trust are redeemable by the Company at its option. The preferred securities must be redeemed upon maturity of the debentures in 2033. Interest on the preferred securities is the three month LIBOR plus 2.85 and is payable quarterly. 
 
 On January 1, 2023, as a result of the acquisition of HSBI, the Company became the successor to HSBI s obligations in respect of 10,310,000 of subordinated debentures issued to Liberty Shares Statutory Trust II Liberty Trust ). The debentures are the sole asset of Liberty Trust, and the Company is the sole owner of the common equity of Liberty Trust. Liberty Trust issued 10,000,000 of preferred securities to an investor. The Company s obligations under the debentures and related documents, taken together, constitute a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company of Liberty Trust s obligations under the preferred securities. The preferred securities issued by the Liberty Trust are redeemable by the Company at its option. The preferred securities must be redeemed upon maturity of the debentures in 2036. Interest on the preferred securities is the three month LIBOR plus 1.48 and is payable quarterly. 
 
 Subordinated Notes 
 April 30, 2018, the Company entered into two Subordinated Note Purchase Agreements pursuant to which the Company sold and issued 24.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.875 fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2028 and 42.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.40 fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2033 (collectively, the Notes ). Deferred issuance costs included in the subordinated debt were 756 thousand and 859 thousand at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 The Notes are not convertible into or exchangeable for any other securities or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. The Notes are not subject to redemption at the option of the holder. Principal and interest on the Notes are subject to acceleration only in limited circumstances. The Notes are unsecured, subordinated obligations of the Company and rank junior in right to payment to the Company s current and future senior indebtedness, and each Note is pari passu in right to payment with respect to the other Notes. The Company entered into this arrangement to provide funding for expected growth. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 On September 25, 2020, the Company entered into a Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement with certain qualified institutional buyers pursuant to which the Company sold and issued 65.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 4.25 Fixed to Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2030. The Notes are unsecured and have a ten-year term, maturing October 1, 2030, and will bear interest at a fixed annual rate of 4.25 , payable semi-annually in arrears, for the first five years of the term. Thereafter, the interest rate will reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to a benchmark rate (which is expected to be the Three-Month Term SOFR plus 412.6 basis points, payable quarterly in arrears. As provided in the Notes, under specified conditions the interest rate on the Notes during the applicable floating rate period may be determined based on a rate other than Three-Month Term SOFR. The Company is entitled to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, on any interest payment date on or after October 1, 2025, and to redeem the Notes at any time in whole upon certain other specified events. Deferred issuance costs included in the subordinated debt were 1.1 million and 1.3 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 The Company had 145.0 million of subordinated debt, net of deferred issuance costs 1.9 million and unamortized fair value mark 592 thousand, at December 31, 2022, compared to 144.7 million, net of deferred issuance costs 2.1 million and unamortized fair value mark 646 thousand, at December 31, 2021. 
 Capital 
 The Federal Reserve Board and bank regulatory agencies require bank holding companies and financial institutions to maintain capital at adequate levels based on a percentage of assets and off-balance sheet exposures, adjusted for risk weights ranging from 0 for U.S government and agency securities, to 600 for certain equity exposures. In November 2019, the federal banking agencies adopted a rule revising the scope of commercial real estate mortgages subject to a 150 risk weight. Under the risk-based standard, capital is classified into two tiers. Tier 1 capital consists of common stockholders equity, excluding the unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities, minus certain intangible assets. Tier 2 capital consists of the general reserve for loan losses, subject to certain limitations. An institution s total risk-based capital for purposes of its risk-based capital ratio consists of the sum of its Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. The risk-based regulatory minimum requirements are 6 for Tier 1 and 8 for total risk-based capital. 
 Bank holding companies and banks are also required to maintain capital at a minimum level based on total assets, which is known as the leverage ratio. The minimum requirement for the leverage ratio is 4 . All but the highest rated institutions are required to maintain ratios 100 to 200 basis points above the minimum. The Company and The First exceeded their minimum regulatory capital ratios as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 The Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation approved final capital rules in July 2013, that substantially amended the existing capital rules for banks. These new rules reflect, in part, certain standards initially adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2010 (which standards are commonly referred to as Basel III as well as requirements contemplated by the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 Under the Basel III capital rules, the Company is required to meet certain minimum capital requirements that differ from past capital requirements. The rules implement a new capital ratio of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets. Common equity Tier 1 capital generally consists of retained earnings and common stock (subject to certain adjustments) as well as accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI ), however, the Company exercised a one-time irrevocable option to exclude certain components of AOCI as of March 31, 2015. The Company is required to establish a conservation buffer, consisting of a common equity Tier 1 capital amount equal to 2.5 of risk-weighted assets effective January 2019. An institution that does not meet the conservation buffer will be subject to restrictions on certain activities including payment of dividends, stock repurchases, and discretionary bonuses to executive officers. 
 The prompt corrective action rules have been modified to include the common equity Tier 1 capital ratio and to increase the Tier 1 capital ratio requirements for the various thresholds. For example, the requirements for the Company to be considered well-capitalized under the rules include a 5.0 leverage ratio, a 6.5 common equity Tier 1 capital ratio, an 8.0 Tier 1 capital ratio, and a 10.0 total capital ratio. 
 The rules modify the manner in which certain capital elements are determined. The rules make changes to the methods of calculating the risk-weighting of certain assets, which in turn affects the calculation of the risk-weighted capital ratios. Higher risk weights are assigned to various categories of assets, including commercial real estate loans, credit facilities that finance the acquisition, development or construction of real property, certain exposures or credit that are 90 days past due or are nonaccrual, securitization exposures, and in certain cases mortgage servicing rights and deferred tax assets. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 The Company was required to comply with the new capital rules on January 1, 2015, with a measurement date of March 31, 2015. The conservation buffer was phased-in beginning in 2016, and took full effect on January 1, 2019. Certain calculations under the rules will also have phase-in periods. Under this guidance banking institutions with a CETI, Tier 1 Capital Ratio and Total Risk Based Capital above the minimum regulatory adequate capital ratios but below the capital conservation buffer will face constraints on their ability to pay dividends, repurchase equity and pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers, based on the amount of the shortfall. 
 
 Analysis of Capital 
 Capital Ratios Adequately Capitalized Well Capitalized Minimum Capital Required Basel III Fully Phased In The Company December 31, The First December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Leverage 4.0 5.0 7.0 9.3 9.2 9.2 11.1 10.8 10.4 Risk-based capital: Common equity Tier 1 4.5 6.5 7.0 12.7 13.7 13.5 15.6 16.6 15.8 Tier 1 6.0 8.0 8.5 13.0 14.1 14.0 15.6 16.6 15.8 Total 8.0 10.0 10.5 16.7 18.6 19.1 16.4 17.4 16.9 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity management involves monitoring the Company s sources and uses of funds in order to meet its day-to-day cash flow requirements while maximizing profits. Liquidity represents the ability of a company to convert assets into cash or cash equivalents without significant loss and to raise additional funds by increasing liabilities. Liquidity management is made more complicated because different balance sheet components are subject to varying degrees of management control. For example, the timing of maturities of the investment portfolio is very predictable and subject to a high degree of control at the time investment decisions are made; however, net deposit inflows and outflows are far less predictable and are not subject to the same degree of control. Asset liquidity is provided by cash and assets which are readily marketable, which can be pledged, or which will mature in the near future. Liability liquidity is provided by access to core funding sources, principally the ability to generate customer deposits in the Company s market area. 
 The Company s federal funds sold position, which includes funds due from banks and interest-bearing deposits with banks, is typically its primary source of liquidity. Federal funds sold averaged 366.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 and averaged 642.0 million at December 31, 2021. In addition, the Company has available advances from the FHLB. Advances available are generally based upon the amount of qualified first mortgage loans which can be used for collateral. At December 31, 2022, advances available totaled approximately 1.679 billion, of which 5.2 million had been drawn, or used for letters of credit. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the market value of unpledged debt securities plus pledged securities in excess of current pledging requirements comprised 1.066 billion of the Company s investment balances, compared to 985.4 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in unpledged debt securities from December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 is primarily due to an increase in acquired deposits. Other forms of balance sheet liquidity include but are not necessarily limited to any outstanding federal funds sold and vault cash. Management believes that available investments and other potentially liquid assets, along with the standby funding sources it has arranged, are more than sufficient to meet the Company s current and anticipated short-term liquidity needs. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s liquidity ratio as of December 31, 2022 was 24.7 , as compared to internal liquidity policy guidelines of 10 minimum. Other liquidity ratios reviewed include the following along with policy guidelines for the periods indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 Policy Maximum 
 Loans to Deposits (including FHLB advances) 67.9 90.0 In Policy Net Non-core Funding Dependency Ratio 4.4 20.0 In Policy Fed Funds Purchased / Total Assets 0.0 10.0 In Policy FHLB Advances / Total Assets 2.0 20.0 In Policy FRB Advances / Total Assets 0.0 10.0 In Policy Pledged Securities to Total Securities 46.9 90.0 In Policy December 31, 2021 Policy Maximum 
 Loans to Deposits (including FHLB advances) 55.8 90.0 In Policy Net Non-core Funding Dependency Ratio (14.6) 20.0 In Policy Fed Funds Purchased / Total Assets 0.0 10.0 In Policy FHLB Advances / Total Assets 0.0 20.0 In Policy FRB Advances / Total Assets 0.0 10.0 In Policy Pledged Securities to Total Securities 48.5 90.0 In Policy December 31, 2020 Policy Maximum Loans to Deposits (including FHLB advances) 70.9 90.0 In Policy Net Non-core Funding Dependency Ratio (4.4) 20.0 In Policy Fed Funds Purchased / Total Assets 0.0 10.0 In Policy FHLB Advances / Total Assets 2.1 20.0 In Policy FRB Advances / Total Assets 0.0 10.0 In Policy Pledged Securities to Total Securities 54.9 90.0 In Policy 
 Continued growth in core deposits and relatively high levels of potentially liquid investments have had a positive impact on our liquidity position in recent periods, but no assurance can be provided that our liquidity will continue at current robust levels. 
 The holding company s primary uses of funds are ordinary operating expenses and stockholder dividends, and its primary source of funds is dividends from the Bank since the holding company does not conduct regular banking operations. Management anticipates that the Bank will have sufficient earnings to provide dividends to the holding company to meet its funding requirements for the foreseeable future. 
 Management regularly reviews the liquidity position of the Company and has implemented internal policies which establish guidelines for sources of asset-based liquidity and limit the total amount of purchased funds used to support the balance sheet and funding from non-core sources. As of December 31, 2022, the target federal funds rate was 4.25 to 4.50 . 
 On May 7, 2020, the Company announced the renewal of its share repurchase program that previously expired on December 31, 2019. Under the program, the Company could from time to time repurchase up to 15 million in shares of its common stock in any manner determined appropriate by the Company's management. The actual timing and method of any purchases, the target number of shares and the maximum price (or range of prices) under the program, was determined by management at its discretion and depended on a number of factors, including the market price of the Company's common stock, general market and economic conditions, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The renewed share repurchase program expired on December 31, 2020. The Company repurchased 289,302 shares in 2020 pursuant to the program. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 On December 16, 2020, the Company announced that its Board of Directors has authorized a share repurchase program (the 2021 Repurchase Program ), pursuant to which the Company could purchase up to an aggregate of 30 million in shares of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock. Under the program, the Company could, but was not required to, from time to time repurchase up 30 million of its own common stock in any manner determined appropriate by the Company s management. The actual timing and method of any purchases, the target number of shares and the maximum price (or range of prices) under the program, was be determined by management at is discretion and depended on a number of factors, including the market price of the Company s common stock, general market and economic conditions, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The 2021 Repurchase Program expired on December 31, 2021. The Company repurchased 165,623 shares in 2021 pursuant to the 2021 Repurchase Program. 
 On February 8, 2022, the Company announced the renewal of the 2021 Repurchase Program that previously expired on December 31, 2021. Under the renewed 2021 Repurchase Program, the Company could from time to time repurchase up to an aggregate of 30 million of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock in any manner determined appropriate by the Company s management, less the amount of prior purchases under the program during the 2021 calendar year. The renewed 2021 Repurchase Program was completed in February 2022 when the Company s repurchases under the program approached the maximum authorized amount. 
 On March 9, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program (the 2022 Repurchase Program ), pursuant to which the Company could purchase up to an aggregate of 30 million in shares of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock during the 2020 calendar year. Under the program, the Company could, but was not required to, from time to time repurchase up 30 million of shares of its own common stock in any manner determined appropriate by the Company s management. The actual timing and method of any purchases, the target number of shares and the maximum price (or range of prices) under the program, was determined by management at is discretion and will depend on a number of factors, including the market price of the Company s common stock, general market and economic conditions, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The 2022 Repurchase Program had an expiration date of December 31, 2022. 
 On February 28, 2023, the Company announced that its Board of Directors has authorized a new share repurchase program (the "2023 Repurchase Program"), pursuant to which the Company may purchase up to an aggregate of 50 million in shares of the Company's issued and outstanding common stock during the 2023 calendar year. Under the program, the Company may, but is not required to, from time to time repurchase up 50 million of shares of its own common stock in any manner determined appropriate by the Company s management. The actual timing and method of any purchases, the target number of shares and the maximum price (or range of prices) under the program, will be determined by management at is discretion and will depend on a number of factors, including the market price of the Company s common stock, general market and economic conditions, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The 2023 Repurchase Program will have an expiration date of December 31, 2023. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Commitments and Contractual Obligations 
 The following table presents, as of December 31, 2022, fixed and determinable contractual obligations to third parties by payment date. Amounts in the table do not include accrued or accruing interest. Payments related to leases are based on actual payments specified in the underlying contracts. Further discussion of the nature of each obligation is included in the referenced note to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 in thousands) Note Reference Within One Year After One But Within Three Years After Three But Within Five Years After Five Years Total Deposits without a stated maturity G 4,784,472 4,784,472 Time deposits G 558,195 137,853 21,956 8,391 726,395 Borrowings H 130,100 130,100 Lease obligations I 1,561 2,656 1,948 3,563 9,728 Trust preferred subordinated debentures N 15,904 15,904 Subordinated note purchase agreement N 129,123 129,123 Total Contractual obligations 5,474,328 140,509 23,904 156,981 5,795,722 
 Subprime Assets 
 The Bank does not engage in subprime lending activities targeted towards borrowers in high risk categories. 
 Accounting Matters 
 Information on new accounting matters is set forth in Note B Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. This information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Interest Rate Risk Management 
 Market risk arises from changes in interest rates, exchange rates, commodity prices and equity prices. The Company does not engage in the trading of financial instruments, nor does it have exposure to currency exchange rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily that of interest rate risk, and we have established policies and procedures to monitor and limit our earnings and balance sheet exposure to changes in interest rates. The principal objective of interest rate risk management is to manage the financial components of the Company s balance sheet in a manner that will optimize the risk/reward equation for earnings and capital under a variety of interest rate scenarios. 
 To identify areas of potential exposure to interest rate changes, we utilize commercially available modeling software to perform earnings simulations and calculate the Company s market value of portfolio equity under varying interest rate scenarios every month. The model imports relevant information for the Company s financial instruments and incorporates management s assumptions on pricing, duration, and optionality for anticipated new volumes. Various rate scenarios consisting of key rate and yield curve projections are then applied in order to calculate the expected effect of a given interest rate change on interest income, interest expense, and the value of the Company s financial instruments. The rate projections can be shocked (an immediate and parallel change in all base rates, up or down), ramped (an incremental increase or decrease in rates over a specified time period), economic (based on current trends and econometric models) or stable (unchanged from current actual levels). 
 We use seven standard interest rate scenarios in conducting our 12-month net interest income simulations: static, upward shocks of 100, 200, 300 and 400 basis points, and downward shocks of 100, and 200 basis points. Pursuant to policy guidelines, we typically attempt to limit the projected decline in net interest income relative to the stable rate scenario to no more than 5 for a 100-basis point (bp) interest rate shock, 10 for a 200 bp shock, 15 for a 300 bp 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 shock, and 20 for a 400 bp shock. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had the following estimated net interest income, without factoring in any potential negative impact on spreads resulting from competitive pressures or credit quality deterioration: 
 December 31, 2022 Net Interest Income at Risk Sensitivity Year 1 in thousands) -200 bp -100 bp STATIC +100 bp +200 bp +300 bp +400 bp Net Interest Income 200,403 204,030 201,895 200,146 196,096 188,971 179,057 Dollar Change (1,492) 2,135 (1,749) (5,799) (12,924) (22,838) NII @ Risk - Sensitivity Year 1 (0.7) 1.1 (0.9) (2.9) (6.4) (11.3) 
 If there were an immediate and sustained downward adjustment of 200 basis points in interest rates, all else being equal, net interest income over the next twelve months would likely be approximately 1.5 million lower than in a stable interest rate scenario, for a negative variance of 0.7 . The unfavorable variance increases if rates were to drop below 200 basis points, due to the fact that certain deposit rates are already relatively low (on NOW accounts and savings accounts, for example), and will hit a natural floor of close to zero while non-floored variable-rate loan yields continue to drop. This effect is exacerbated by accelerated prepayments on fixed-rate loans and mortgage-backed securities when rates decline, although rate floors on some of our variable-rate loans partially offset other negative pressures. 
 Net interest income would likely decrease by 5.8 million, or 2.9 , if interest rates were to increase by 200 basis points relative to a stable interest rate scenario, with the favorable variance expanding the higher interest rates rise. The initial increase in rising rate scenarios will be limited to some extent by the fact that some of our variable-rate loans are currently at rate floors, resulting in a re-pricing lag while base rates are increasing to floored levels, but we believe the Company still would benefit from a material upward shift in the yield curve. 
 The Company s one-year cumulative GAP ratio was approximately 180.0 at December 31, 2022, 164.5 at December 31, 2021 and 211.7 at December 31, 2020. The Company is considered liability-sensitive which means that there are more liabilities repricing than assets within the first year. 
 In addition to the net interest income simulations shown above, we run stress scenarios modeling the possibility of no balance sheet growth, the potential runoff of core deposits which flowed into the Company in the most recent economic cycle, and potential unfavorable movement in deposit rates relative to yields on earning assets. Even though net interest income will naturally be lower with no balance sheet growth, the rate-driven variances projected for net interest income in a static growth environment are similar to the changes noted above for our standard projections. When a greater level of non-maturity deposit runoff is assumed or unfavorable deposit rate changes are factored into the model, projected net interest income in declining rate and flat rate scenarios does not change materially relative to standard growth projections. However, the benefit we would otherwise experience in rising rate scenarios is minimized and net interest income remains relatively flat. 
 The economic value (or fair value of financial instruments on the Company s balance sheet will also vary under the interest rate scenarios previously discussed. The difference between the projected fair value of the Company s financial assets and the fair value of its financial liabilities is referred to as the economic value of equity EVE ), and changes in EVE under different interest rate scenarios are effectively a gauge of the Company s longer-term exposure to interest rate risk. Fair values for financial instruments are estimated by discounting projected cash flows (principal and interest) at projected replacement interest rates for each account type, while the fair value of non-financial accounts is assumed to equal their book value for all rate scenarios. An economic value simulation is a static measure utilizing balance sheet accounts at a given point in time, and the measurement can change substantially over time as the characteristics of the Company s balance sheet evolve and interest rate and yield curve assumptions are updated. 
 The change in economic value under different interest rate scenarios depends on the characteristics of each class of financial instrument, including stated interest rates or spreads relative to current or projected market-level interest rates or spreads, the likelihood of principal prepayments, whether contractual interest rates are fixed or floating, and the average remaining time to maturity. As a general rule, fixed-rate financial assets become more valuable in declining rate scenarios and less valuable in rising rate scenarios, while fixed-rate financial liabilities gain in value as interest rates rise and lose value as interest rates decline. The longer the duration of the financial instrument, the greater the impact a rate change will have on its value. In our economic value simulations, estimated prepayments are factored in for financial instruments with stated maturity dates, and decay rates for non-maturity deposits are projected based on historical patterns and 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 management s best estimates. The table below shows estimated changes in the Company s EVE as of the periods indicated under different interest rate scenarios relative to a base case of current interest rates: 
 December 31, 2022 - Balance Sheet Shock in thousands) -200 bp -100 bp STATIC (Base) +100 bp +200 bp +300 bp +400 bp Market Value of Equity 1,366,982 1,410,341 1,397,164 1,366,639 1,316,226 1,248,624 1,165,069 Change in EVE from base (30,182) 13,177 (30,525) (80,938) (148,540) (232,095) Change (2.2) 0.9 (2.2) (5.8) (10.6) (16.6) Policy Limits (20.0) (10.0) (10.0) (20.0) (30.0) (40.0) 
 December 31, 2021 - Balance Sheet Shock in thousands) -200 bp -100 bp STATIC (Base) +100 bp +200 bp +300 bp +400 bp Market Value of Equity 818,527 1,057,506 1,243,831 1,360,616 1,436,669 1,478,980 1,492,421 Change in EVE from base (425,304) (186,325) 116,785 192,838 235,149 248,590 Change (34.2) (15.0) 9.4 15.5 18.9 20.0 Policy Limits (20.0) (10.0) (10.0) (20.0) (30.0) (40.0) 
 The tables show that our EVE will generally deteriorate in declining rate scenarios, but should benefit from a parallel shift upward in the yield curve. We also run stress scenarios for EVE to simulate the possibility of higher loan prepayment rates, unfavorable changes in deposit rates, and higher deposit decay rates. Model results are highly sensitive to changes in assumed decay rates for non-maturity deposits, in particular. 

57 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders, Board of Directors and Audit Committee 
 The First Bancshares, Inc. 
 Hattiesburg, Mississippi 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The First Bancshares, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Adoption of New Accounting Standard 
 
 As discussed in Note B to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for the allowance for credit losses in 2021 due to the adoption of ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . As discussed below, the allowance for credit losses is considered a critical audit matter. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits . 
 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below arises from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

58 

Table of Contents 

 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The Company s loan portfolio totaled 3.78 billion as of December 31, 2022, and the allowance for credit losses on loans was 38.9 million. The Company s unfunded loan commitments totaled 611 million, with an allowance for credit loss of 1.3 million. Together these amounts represent the allowance for credit losses ACL ). 
 
 As more fully described in Notes B, E and Q to the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company estimates its exposure to expected credit losses as of the balance sheet date, for existing financial instruments held at amortized cost, and off-balance sheet exposures, such as unfunded loan commitments, letters of credit and other financial guarantees that are not unconditionally cancellable by the Company. 
 
 The determination of the ACL requires management to exercise significant judgment and consider numerous subjective factors, including determining qualitative factors utilized to adjust historical loss rates, loan credit risk grading and identifying loans requiring individual evaluation among others. As disclosed by management, different assumptions and conditions could result in a materially different amount for the estimate of the ACL. 
 
 We identified the valuation of the ACL as a critical audit matter. Auditing the ACL involved a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating management s estimates, such as evaluating management's identification of credit quality indicators, grouping of loans determined to be similar into pools, estimating the remaining life of loans in a pool, assessment of economic conditions and other environmental factors, evaluating the adequacy of specific allowances associated with individually evaluated loans and assessing the appropriateness of loan credit risk grades. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed as of December 31, 2022, to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Testing the design and operating effectiveness of controls, including those related to technology, over the allowance for credit losses including: 
 
 loan data completeness and accuracy, 
 
 classifications of loans by loan segment, 
 
 verification of historical net loss data and calculated net loss rates, 
 
 the establishment of qualitative adjustments, 
 
 credit ratings and risk classification of loans, 
 
 establishment of specific reserves on individually evaluated loans, 
 
 and management s review and disclosure controls over the allowance for credit losses; 
 
 Testing of completeness and accuracy of the information utilized in the allowance for credit losses; 
 
 Testing the allowance for credit losses model s computational accuracy; 
 
 Evaluating the qualitative adjustments, including assessing the basis for the adjustments and the reasonableness of the significant assumptions; 
 
 Testing the loan review function and evaluating the accuracy of loan credit ratings; 
 
 Evaluating the reasonableness of specific allowances on individually evaluated loans; 
 
 Evaluating the overall reasonableness of assumptions used by management considering the past performance of the Company and evaluating trends identified within peer groups; 
 
 Evaluating the disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisition 
 
 As described in Note C to the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company consummated the acquisition of Beach Bancorp, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Beach Bank, on August 1, 2022, resulting in goodwill of approximately 23.3 million being recognized on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. As part of the acquisition, management assessed that the acquisition qualified as a business combination and all identifiable assets and liabilities acquired were valued at fair value as part of the purchase price allocation as of the acquisition date. The identification and valuation of such acquired assets and assumed liabilities requires management to exercise significant judgment. Management utilized outside vendors to assist with estimating the fair value. 
 
 We identified the consummated acquisition and the valuation of acquired assets and assumed liabilities as a critical audit matter. Auditing the acquired assets and assumed liabilities and other acquisition-related considerations involved a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating management s fair value estimates and purchase price allocations. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Obtained and read the executed Agreement and Plan of Merger documents to gain an understanding of the underlying terms of the consummated acquisition; 
 
 Testing the design and operating effectiveness of controls including: 
 
 Evaluating the significant assumptions used for valuing significant assets and liabilities assumed; 
 
 Assessed management s application of accounting guidance related to the business combination and management s determination of whether the transaction was an acquisition of a business as defined within the ASC 805, Business Combinations , framework; 
 
 Assessed the completeness and accuracy of management s purchase accounting model, including the balance sheet acquired and related fair value purchase price allocations made to identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed; 
 
 Obtained and evaluated significant outside vendor valuation estimates, and challenging management s review of the appropriateness of the valuations including but not limited to, testing critical inputs, assumptions applied and valuation models utilized by the outside vendors; 
 
 Utilized internal valuation specialists to assist with testing the related fair value estimates; 
 
 Tested the completeness and accuracy of management s calculation of total consideration paid; 
 
 Tested the accuracy of the goodwill calculation resulting from the acquisition, which was the difference between the total consideration paid and the fair value of the net assets acquired; 
 
 Read and evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures made in the notes to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

/s/ FORVIS, LLP (Formerly BKD, LLP) 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 Jackson, Mississippi 
 March 1, 2023 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Shareholders and the Board of Directors of The First Bancshares, Inc. 
 Hattiesburg, Mississippi 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Crowe LLP 

We served as the Company's auditor from 2018 to 2021. 

Atlanta, Georgia 
 March 12, 2021 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 in thousands except per share data) 
 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits with banks Total cash and cash equivalents Securities available-for-sale, at fair value (amortized cost: in 2022; in 2021; allowance for credit losses: in both 2022 and 2021) 
 Securities held to maturity, net of allowance for credit losses of (fair value: - 2022; - 2021) 
 Other securities Total securities Loans held for sale Loans, net of ACL of in 2022 and in 2021 
 Interest receivable Premises and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Finance lease right-of-use assets Cash surrender value of life insurance Goodwill Other real estate owned Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Deposits: Non-interest-bearing Interest-bearing Total deposits Interest payable Borrowed funds Subordinated debentures Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders Equity: Common stock, par value per share: shares authorized; shares issued in 2022, shares authorized and shares issued in 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Treasury stock, at cost shares - 2022; shares - 2021) 
 ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021, AND 2020 
 in thousands, except per share amount) 
 2022 2021 2020 INTEREST INCOME Interest and fees on loans Interest and dividends on securities: Taxable interest and dividends Tax-exempt interest Interest on federal funds sold Interest on deposits in banks Total interest income INTEREST EXPENSE Interest on deposits Interest on borrowed funds Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses, LHFI ) Provision for credit losses, OBSC exposures Net interest income after provision for credit losses NON-INTEREST INCOME Service charges on deposit accounts Other service charges and fees Interchange fees Secondary market mortgage income Bank owned life insurance income BOLI death proceeds Gain (loss) on sale of premises ) ) Securities (loss) gain ) Gain (loss) on sale of other real estate ) ) Government awards/grants Bargain purchase gain Other Total non-interest income NON-INTEREST EXPENSE Salaries Employee benefits Occupancy Furniture and equipment Supplies and printing Professional and consulting fees Marketing and public relations FDIC and OCC assessments ATM expense Bank communications Data processing Acquisition expense/charter conversion 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 2022 2021 2020 Other Total non-interest expense Income before income taxes Income taxes Net income available to common stockholders Earnings per share: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021, AND 2020 
 in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized holding gain/(loss) arising during the period on available-for-sale securities ) ) Net unrealized loss at time of transfer on securities available-for-sale transferred to held-to-maturity ) Reclassification adjustment for (accretion) amortization of unrealized holdings gain/(loss) included in accumulated other comprehensive income from the transfer of securities available-for-sale to held-to-maturity Reclassification adjustment for loss/ (gains) included in net income ) ) Unrealized holding gain/(loss) arising during the period on available-for-sale securities ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2021 AND 2022 
 in thousands except per share amount) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, January 1, 2020 ) ) Net income, 2020 
 Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Dividend on common stock, per common share 
 ) ) Issuance of shares for SWG acquisition Issuance restricted stock grant ) Restricted stock grant forfeited ) ) Compensation expense Repurchase of restricted stock for payment of taxes ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 
 ) ) Net income, 2021 
 Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividend on common stock, per common share 
 ) ) Issuance restricted stock grant ) Restricted stock grant forfeited ) ) Compensation expense Repurchase of restricted stock for payment of taxes ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Net income, 2022 
 Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividend on common stock, per common share 
 ) ) Issuance of common shares for BBI acquisition Issuance restricted stock grant ) Restricted stock grant forfeited ) ) Compensation expense Repurchase of restricted stock for payment of taxes ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization FHLB stock dividends ) ) ) Provision for credit losses ) Deferred income taxes ) Restricted stock expense Increase in cash value of life insurance ) ) ) Amortization and accretion, net, related to acquisitions ) ) Bank premises and equipment loss/(gain) ) Acquisition gain ) ) ) Securities loss (gain) ) ) Loss on sale/writedown of other real estate Residential loans originated and held for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of residential loans held for sale Changes in: Interest receivable ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Interest payable ) ) Operating lease liability ) ) ) Other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Available-for-sale securities: Sales Maturities, prepayments and calls Purchases ) ) ) Held-to-maturity securities: Maturities, prepayments and calls Purchases ) Purchases of other securities ) ) Proceeds from redemption of other securities Net (increase)/decrease in loans ) ) Net changes to premises and equipment ) ) ) Bank-owned life insurance - death proceeds Purchase of bank owned life insurance ) ) Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned Proceeds from sale of land Cash received in excess of cash paid for acquisition Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 Continued: 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Increase/(decrease) in deposits ) Net change in borrowed funds ) ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Cash paid to repurchase common stock ) ) ) Repurchase of restricted stock for payment of taxes ) ) ) Principal payment on finance lease liabilities ) ) ) Issuance of subordinated debt, net Payment on subordinated debt issuance costs ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Supplemental disclosures: Cash paid during the year for: Interest Income taxes, net of refunds Non-cash activities: Transfers of loans to other real estate Transfer of securities available-for-sale to held-to-maturity Issuance of restricted stock grants Stock issued in connection with SWG acquisition Stock issued in connection with BBI acquisition Dividends on restricted stock grants Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities Lease liabilities arising from BBI acquisition 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 NOTE A - 
 
 NOTE B - 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 accrued interest related to AFS securites reversed against interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses Available-for-Sale Securities 
 On January 1, 2021, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses ASC 326 ), which introduces guidance on reporting credit losses for assets held at amortized cost basis and available for sale debt securities AFS ). For AFS debt securities in an unrealized loss position, the Company first assesses whether it intends to sell or is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met, the security s amortized cost basis is written down to fair value through income. For securities that do not meet these criteria, the Company evaluates whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors. In making this assessment, the Company considers the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency, and adverse conditions specifically related to the security, among other factors. If this assessment indicates that a credit loss exists, the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security are compared to the amortized cost basis of the security. If the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis, a credit loss exists and an allowance for credit losses is recorded for the credit loss, limited by the amount that the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis. Any impairment that has not been recorded through an allowance for credit losses is recognized in other comprehensive income. Changes in the allowance for credit losses are recorded as provision for (or reversal of) credit loss expense. Losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectability of a security is confirmed or when either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met. 
 Accrued interest receivable is excluded from the estimate of credit losses for securities AFS. 
 Securities to be Held-to-Maturity 
 Debt securities classified as held-to-maturity ("HTM") are those securities for which there is a positive intent and ability to hold to maturity. These securities are carried at cost adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts, computed by the interest method. Gain and losses on the sales are determined using the adjusted cost of the specific security sold. HTM securities are placed on nonaccrual status at the time any principal to interest payments become 90 days delinquent or if full collection of interest or principal becomes uncertain. Accrued interest for a security placed on nonaccrual is reversed against interest income. There was accrued interest related to HTM securites reversed against interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. There were held-to-maturity securities at December 31, 2021. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses Held-to-Maturity Securities 
 On January 1, 2021, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses ASC 326 ), which introduces guidance on reporting credit losses for assets held at amortized cost basis, including HTM debt securities. Management measures expected credit losses on HTM debt securities on a pooled basis. That is, for pools of such securities with common risk characteristics, the historical lifetime probability of 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 trading account securities at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Equity Securities 
 Equity securities are carried at fair value, with changes in fair value reported in net income. Equity securities without readily determinable fair values are carried at cost, minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment. There were equity securities at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Other Securities 
 Other securities are carried at cost and are restricted in marketability. Other securities consist of investments in the FHLB, Federal Reserve Bank and First National Bankers Bankshares, Inc. Management reviews for impairment based on the ultimate recoverability of the cost basis. 
 Shares of FHLB, Federal Reserve Bank and First National Bankers Bankshares, Inc. common stock are equity securities that do not have a readily determinable fair value because their ownership is restricted and lacks marketability. The common stock is carried at cost and evaluated for impairment. The Company s investment in member bank stock is included in other securities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Management reviews for impairment based on the ultimate recoverability of the cost basis. other-than-temporary impairment was noted for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income includes amortization of purchase premiums or discounts. Premiums and discounts on securities are amortized on the level-yield method without anticipating prepayments, except for mortgage backed securities where prepayments are anticipated. Gains and losses on sales are recorded on the trade date and determined using the specific identification method. 
 A debt security is placed on nonaccrual status at the time any principal or interest payments become 90 days past due. Interest accrued but not received for a security placed in nonaccrual is reversed against interest income. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 72 

Table of Contents 

 thousand or greater, will be individually reviewed to determine if the loan displays similar risk characteristic to substandard loans in the related segment. 
 TDRs are loans for which the contractual terms on the loan have been modified and both of the following conditions exist: (1) the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and (2) the restructuring constitutes a concession. Concessions could include a reduction in the interest rate on the loan, payment extensions, forgiveness of principal, forbearance or other actions intended to maximize collection. The Company assesses all loan modifications to determine whether they constitute a TDR. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

to years. Furniture, fixtures and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line (or accelerated) method with useful lives ranging from to years. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Acquired goodwill ) ) End of year 
 Other intangible assets consist of core deposit and acquired customer relationship intangible assets arising from whole bank and branch acquisitions and are amortized on a straight-line basis over a average life. Such assets are periodically evaluated as to the recoverability of carrying values. The definite-lived intangible assets had the following carrying values at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 ) 2021 Core deposit intangibles ) 
 2021 2022 
 Amount Estimated amortization expense for the year ending December 31: 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total amortization expense 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 thousand, thousand, and thousand, respectively. 

76 

Table of Contents 

Effect of dilutive shares: Restricted Stock December 31, 2021 Basic per common share Effect of dilutive shares: Restricted Stock December 31, 2020 Basic per common share Effect of dilutive shares: Restricted Stock 
 The diluted per share amounts were computed by applying the treasury stock method. 

77 

Table of Contents 

 million in a limited partnership that provides low-income housing. The Company is not the general partner and does not have controlling ownership. The carrying value of the Company s investment in the limited partnership was million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021, net of amortization, using the proportional method and is reported in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company s maximum exposure to loss is limited to the carrying value of its investment. The Company received thousand in low-income housing tax credits during 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

NOTE C - 
 years. 
 Financial assets acquired in a business combination after January 1, 2021, are recorded in accordance with ASC 326. Loans that the Company acquires in connection with acquisitions are recorded at fair value with no carryover of the related allowance for credit losses. PCD loans that have experienced more than insignificant credit deterioration since origination are recorded at the amount paid. The ACL is determined on a collective basis and is allocated to the individual loans. The sum of the loan s purchase price and ACL becomes its initial amortized cost basis. The difference between the initial amortized cost basis and the par value of the loan is a noncredit discount or premium, which is amortized into interest income over the life of the loan. Non-PCD loans are acquired that have experienced no or insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination. The difference between the fair value and outstanding balance of the non-PCD loans is recognized as an adjustment to interest income over the lives of the loan. 
 Acquisitions 
 Beach Bancorp, Inc. 
 On August 1, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of Beach Bancorp, Inc. ("BBI"), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated April 26, 2022 by and between the Company and BBI (the "BBI Merger Agreement"). Upon the completion of the merger of BBI with and into the Company, Beach Bank, BBI's wholly-owned subsidiary, was merged with and into The First Bank. Under the terms of the BBI Merger Agreement, each share of BBI common stock and each share of BBI preferred stock was converted into the right to receive of a share of Company common stock (the "BBI Exchange Ratio"), and all stock options awarded under the BBI equity plans were converted automatically into an option to purchase shares of Company common stock on the same terms and conditions as applicable to each such BBI option as in effect immediately prior to the effective time, with the number of shares underlying each 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 million to the former BBI shareholders including shares of the Company's common stock and approximately thousand in cash in lieu of fractional shares, and also assumed options entitling the owners thereof to purchase an additional shares of the Company's common stock. 
 In connection with the acquisition of BBI, the Company recorded approximately million of goodwill and million core deposit intangible. Goodwill is not deductible for income taxes. The core deposit intangible will be amortized to expense over years. The Company also incurred million of provision for credit losses on credit marks from the loans acquired from Beach Bank. 
 Expenses associated with the BBI acquisition were million for the twelve months period ended December 31, 2022. These costs included charges associated with legal and consulting expenses, which have been expensed as incurred. 
 The assets acquired and liabilities assumed and consideration paid in the acquisition were recorded at their estimated fair values based on management s best estimates using information available at the date of the acquisition and are subject to adjustment for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition. While the fair values are not expected to be materially different from the estimates, accounting guidance provides that an acquirer must recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period, which will run through August 1, 2023 in respect of the acquisition, in the measurement period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The acquirer must record in the financial statements, the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization or other income effects, if any, as a result of changes to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The items most susceptible to adjustment are the credit fair value adjustments on loans, core deposit intangible and the deferred income tax assets resulting from the acquisition. 
 Total purchase price Identifiable assets: Cash Investments Loans Other real estate Bank owned life insurance Core deposit intangible Personal and real property Deferred tax asset Other assets Total assets Liabilities and equity: Deposits Borrowings Other liabilities Total liabilities Net assets acquired Goodwill 
 Cadence Bank Branches 
 On December 3, 2021, The First completed its acquisition of seven Cadence Bank, N.A. Cadence branches in Northeast Mississippi (the Cadence Branches ). In connection with the acquisition of the Cadence Branches, The First 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 million in deposits, acquired million in loans at fair value, acquired certain assets associated with the Cadence Branches at their book value, and paid a deposit premium of million to Cadence. As a result of the acquisition, the Company will have an opportunity to increase its deposit base and reduce transaction costs. The Company also expects to reduce costs through economies of scale. 
 In connection with the acquisition of the Cadence Branches, the Company recorded a million bargain purchase gain and million core deposit intangible. The bargain purchase gain was generated as a result of the estimated fair value of net assets acquired exceeding the merger consideration, based on provisional fair values. The bargain purchase gain is considered non-taxable for income taxes purposes. The core deposit intangible will be amortized to expense over years. 
 Expenses associated with the branch acquisition of the Cadence Branches were thousand and million for the twelve months period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These costs included charges associated with due diligence as well as legal and consulting expenses, which have been expensed as incurred. The Company also incurred thousand of provision for credit losses on credit marks from the loans acquired. 
 The assets acquired and liabilities assumed and consideration paid in the acquisition of the Cadence Branches were recorded at their estimated fair values based on management s best estimates using information available at the date of the acquisition and are subject to adjustment for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition. While the fair values are not expected to be materially different from the estimates, accounting guidance provides that an acquirer must recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period, which will run through December 3, 2022 in respect of the Cadence Branches, in the measurement period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The acquirer must record in the financial statements, the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization or other income effects, if any, as a result of changes to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The items most susceptible to adjustment are the credit fair value adjustments on loans, core deposit intangible and the deferred income tax assets resulting from the acquisition. 
 Loans Core deposit intangible Personal and real property Other assets Total assets Liabilities and equity: Deposits Other liabilities ) Total liabilities ) Net assets acquired Consideration paid Bargain purchase gain ) ) ) 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company finalized its analysis and valuation adjustments have been made to other liabilities since initially reported. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Non-interest income Total revenue Income before income taxes 

NOTE D - 
 Obligations of U.S. government agencies and sponsored entities Tax-exempt and taxable obligations of states and municipal subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities - residential Mortgage-backed securities - commercial Corporate obligations Total available-for-sale Held-to-maturity: U.S. Treasury Obligations of U.S. government agencies and sponsored entities Tax-exempt and taxable obligations of states and municipal subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities - residential Mortgage-backed securities - commercial Corporate obligations Total held-to-maturity 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Obligations of U.S. government agencies and sponsored entities Tax-exempt and taxable obligations of states and municipal subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities - residential Mortgage-backed securities - commercial Corporate obligations Total available-for-sale 
 The Company reassessed classification of certain investments and effective October 2022, the Company transferred thousand of obligations of U.S. government agencies and sponsored entities, million of mortgage -backed securities - commercial, and million of tax-exempt and taxable obligations of states and municipal subdivisions from AFS to HTM securities. The securities were transferred at their amortized costs basis, net of any remaining unrealized gain or loss reported in accumulated other comprehensive income. The related unrealized loss of million included in other comprehensive income remained in other comprehensive income, to be amortized out of other comprehensive income with an offsetting entry to interest income as a yield adjustment through earnings over the remaining term of the securities. There was no allowance for credit loss associated with the AFS securities that were transferred to HTM. 
 ACL on Securities 
 Securities Available-for-Sale 
 Quarterly, the Company evaluates if a security has a fair value less than its amortized cost. Once these securities are identified, in order to determine whether a decline in fair value resulted from a credit loss or other factors, the Company performs further analysis as outlined below: 
 Review the extent to which the fair value is less than the amortized cost and determine if the decline is indicative of credit loss or other factors. 
 The securities that violate the credit loss trigger above would be subjected to additional analysis. 
 If the Company determines that a credit loss exists, the credit portion of the allowance will be measured using the DCF analysis using the effective interest rate. The amount of credit loss the Company records will be limited to the amount by which the amortized cost exceeds the fair value. The allowance for the calculated credit loss will be monitored going forward for further credit deterioration or improvement. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the results of the analysis did not identify any securities where the decline was indicative of credit loss factors; therefore, no DCF analysis was performed and credit loss was recognized on any of the securities AFS. 
 Accrued interest receivable is excluded from the estimate of credit losses for securities AFS. Accrued interest receivable totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively and was reported in interest receivable on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 All AFS securities were current with no securities past due or on nonaccrual as of December 31, 2022. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 thousand and consisted of tax-exempt and taxable obligations of states and municipal subdivisions and corporate obligations securities. After applying appropriate probability of default PD and loss given default LGD assumptions, the total amount of current expected credit losses was deemed immaterial. Therefore, reserve was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Accrued interest receivable is excluded from the estimate of credit losses for securities held-to-maturity. Accrued interest receivable totaled million and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively and was reported in interest receivable on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had securities held-to-maturity that were past due 30 days or more as to principal or interest payments. The Company had securities held-to-maturity classified as nonaccrual for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company monitors the credit quality of the debt securities held-to-maturity through the use of credit ratings. The Company monitors the credit ratings on a quarterly basis. 
 Aa1/Aa2/Aa3 A1/A2 BBB Not rated Total 
 The amortized cost and fair value of debt securities are shown by contractual maturity. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities if borrowers have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 
 One to five years Five to ten years Beyond ten years Mortgage-backed securities: residential Mortgage-backed securities: commercial Total Held-to-maturity Within one year One to five years Five to ten years Beyond ten years Mortgage-backed securities: residential Mortgage-backed securities: commercial Total 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Gross losses Realized net (loss) gain ) 
 The amortized costs of securities pledged as collateral, to secure public deposits and for other purposes, was billion and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Obligations of U.S. government agencies and sponsored entities Tax-exempt and taxable obligations of states and municipal subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities - residential Mortgage-backed securities - commercial Corporate obligations Total available-for-sale Held-to-maturity: U.S. Treasury Obligations of U.S. government agencies and sponsored entities Tax-exempt and taxable obligations of states and municipal subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities - residential Mortgage-backed securities - commercial Corporate obligations Total held-to-maturity 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Obligations of U.S. government agencies and sponsored entities Tax-exempt and taxable obligations of states and municipal subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities: residential Mortgage-backed securities: commercial Corporate obligations Total available-for-sale 
 and securities, respectively, which were in an unrealized loss position. AFS securities in unrealized loss positions are evaluated for impairment related to credit losses at least quarterly. The unrealized losses shown above are due to increases in market rates over the yields available at the time of purchase of the underlying securities and not credit quality. The Company does not intend to sell these securities and it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis. allowance for credit losses was needed at December 31, 2022. The Company did not consider these investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2021. 
 
 NOTE E - 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Total LHFS Loans held for investment Commercial, financial and agriculture (1) Commercial real estate Consumer real estate Consumer installment Total loans Less allowance for credit losses ) ) Net LHFI 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) Loan balance includes thousand and million in PPP loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Loans held for sale consist of mortgage loans originated by the Bank and sold into the secondary market. Commitments from investors to purchase the loans are obtained upon origination. 
 Accrued interest receivable is not included in the amortized cost basis of the Company s LHFI. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest receivable for LHFI totaled million and million, respectively, with no related ACL and was reported in interest receivable on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 
 Nonaccrual and Past Due LHFI 
 Past due LHFI are loans contractually past due 30 days or more as to principal or interest payments. Generally, the Company will place a delinquent loan in nonaccrual status when the loan becomes 90 days or more past due. At the time a loan is placed in nonaccrual status, all interest which has been accrued on the loan but remains unpaid is reversed and deducted from earnings as a reduction of reported interest income. No additional interest is accrued on the loan balance until the collection of both principal and interest becomes reasonably certain. 
 Commercial real estate Consumer real estate Consumer installment Total 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) Total loan balance includes thousand in PPP loans as of December 31, 2022. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial real estate Consumer real estate Consumer installment Total 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) Total loan balance includes million in PPP loans as of December 31, 2021. 
 Acquired Loans 
 In connection with the acquisitions, the Company acquired loans both with and without evidence of credit quality deterioration since origination. Acquired loans are recorded at their fair value at the time of acquisition with no carryover from the acquired institution's previously recorded allowance for credit losses. Acquired loans are accounted for under the following accounting pronouncements: ASC 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses. 
 The fair value for acquired loans recorded at the time of acquisition is based upon several factors including the timing and payment of expected cash flows, as adjusted for estimated credit losses and prepayments, and then discounting these cash flows using comparable market rates. The resulting fair value adjustment is recorded in the form of premium or discount to the unpaid principal balance of each acquired loan. As it relates to acquired PCD loans, the net premium or net discount is adjusted to reflect the Company's allowance for credit losses ("ACL") recorded for PCD loans at the time of acquisition, and the remaining fair value adjustment is accreted or amortized into interest income over the remaining life of the loan. As it relates to acquired loans not classified as PCD ("non-PCD") loans, the credit loss and yield components of the fair value adjustments are aggregated, and the resulting net premium or net discount is accreted or amortized into interest income over the average remaining life of those loans. The Company records an ACL for non-PCD loans at the time of acquisition through provision expense, and therefore, no further adjustments are made to the net premium or net discount for non-PCD loans. 
 The estimated fair value of the non-PCD loans acquired in the BBI acquisition was million, which is net of a million discount. The gross contractual amounts receivable of the acquired non-PCD loans at acquisition was approximately million, of which million is the amount of contractual cash flows not expected to be collected. 
 Allowance for credit losses at acquisition Non-credit discount (premium) at acquisition Par value of acquired loans at acquisition 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amortized cost of the Company s PCD loans totaled million and million, respectively, which had an estimated ACL of million and thousand, respectively. 
 Impaired LHFI 
 Prior to the adoption of FASB ASC 326, the Company individually evaluated impaired LHFI. The following table provides a detail of impaired loans broken out according to class as of December 31, 2020. The following table does not include PCI loans. The recorded investment included in the following table represents customer balances net of any partial 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial real estate Consumer real estate Consumer installment Total Impaired loans with a related allowance: Commercial, financial and agriculture Commercial real estate Consumer real estate Consumer installment Total Total impaired loans: Commercial, financial and agriculture Commercial real estate Consumer real estate Consumer installment Total Impaired Loans 
 The cash basis interest earned in the chart above is materially the same as the interest recognized during impairment for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 The gross interest income that would have been recorded in the period that ended if the nonaccrual loans had been current in accordance with their original terms and had been outstanding throughout the period or since origination, if held for part of twelve months for the year ended December 31, 2020, was million. The Company had loan commitments to borrowers in nonaccrual status at December 31, 2020. 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 If the Company grants a concession to a borrower for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties that it would not otherwise consider, the loan is classified as TDRs. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 the Company had TDRs totaling million, million, and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had additional amount committed on any loan classified as TDR. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, TDRs had a related ACL of thousand and million, respectively, compared to a related allowance for loan loss of million at December 31, 2020. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Total 
 December 31, 2021 Commercial, financial and agriculture Commercial real estate Consumer real estate Consumer installment Total 
 December 31, 2020 Commercial, financial and agriculture Commercial real estate Consumer installment Total 
 The TDRs presented above increased the ACL thousand and million and increased the allowance for loan losses thousand and resulted in charge-offs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 The following table presents loans by class modified as TDRs for which there was a payment default within twelve months following the modification during the year ending December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 in thousands, except for number of loans). 
 2022 2021 2020 Troubled Debt Restructurings That Subsequently Defaulted: Number of Loans Recorded Investment Number of Loans Recorded Investment Number of Loans Recorded Investment Commercial real estate Consumer real estate Total 
 The modifications described above included one of the following or a combination of the following: maturity date extensions, interest only payments, amortizations were extended beyond what would be available on similar type loans, and payment waiver. No interest rate concessions were given on these loans nor were any of these loans written down. A loan is considered to be in a payment default once it is 30 days contractually past due under the modified terms. The TDRs presented above increased the ACL thousand and thousand and the allowance for loan losses thousand and resulted in no charge-offs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial real estate Consumer real estate Consumer installment Total Allowance for credit losses 
 December 31, 2021 in thousands) Current Loans Past Due 30-89 Past Due 90 days and still accruing Nonaccrual Total Commercial, financial and agriculture Commercial real estate Consumer real estate Consumer installment Total Allowance for loan losses 
 Collateral Dependent Loans 
 Consumer real estate Total 
 December 31, 2021 in thousands) Real Property Total Commercial real estate Consumer real estate Total 
 A loan is collateral dependent when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and repayment of the loan is expected to be provided substantially through the sale of the collateral. The following provides a qualitative description by class of loan of the collateral that secures the Company s collateral-dependent LHFI: 
 Commercial, financial and agriculture Loans within these loan classes are secured by equipment, inventory accounts, and other non-real estate collateral. 
 Commercial real estate Loans within these loan classes are secured by commercial real property. 
 Consumer real estate - Loans within these loan classes are secured by consumer real property. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 million, of which million had been sold to other financial institutions and million was purchased by the Company. As of December 31, 2021, these loans totaled million, of which million had been sold to other financial institutions and million was purchased by the company. The loan participations convey proportionate ownership rights with equal priority to each participating interest holder; involving no recourse (other than ordinary representations and warranties) to, or subordination by, any participating interest holder; all cash flows are divided among the participating interest holders in proportion to each holder s share of ownership; and no holder has the right to pledge the entire financial asset unless all participating interest holders agree. 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 The Company categorizes loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt, such as current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic trends, among other factors. The Company analyzes loans individually to classify the loans as to credit risk. The Company uses the following definitions for risk ratings: 
 Pass: Loan classified as pass are deemed to possess average to superior credit quality, requiring no more than normal attention. 
 Special Mention : Loans classified as special mention have a potential weakness that deserves management's close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of the Company s credit position at some future date. 
 Substandard : Loans classified as substandard are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
 Doubtful : Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. 
 These above classifications were the most current available as of December 31, 2022, and were generally updated within the prior year. 

92 

Table of Contents 

 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial, financial and agriculture Commercial real estate: Risk Rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial real estate Consumer real estate: Risk Rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total consumer real estate Consumer installment: Risk Rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total consumer installment Total Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial, financial and agriculture Commercial real estate: Risk Rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial real estate Consumer real estate: Risk Rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total consumer real estate Consumer installment: Risk Rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total consumer installment Total Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total 

94 

Table of Contents 

 calculated LGD rate, or the total balance at default is less than of the balance in the respective call code as of the model run date, a proxy index is used. This index is proprietary to the Company s ACL modeling vendor derived from loss data of other client institutions similar in organization structure to the Company. The vendor also provides a crisis index derived from loss data between the post-recessionary years of 2008-2013 that the Company uses. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 Initial allowance on PCD loans Provision for credit losses Loans charged-off ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Total ending allowance balance 
 December 31, 2021 in thousands) Commercial, Financial and Agriculture Commercial Real Estate Consumer Real Estate Consumer Installment Total Allowance for credit losses: Beginning balance Impact of ASC 326 adoption on non-PCD loans ) ) ) ) Impact of ASC 326 adoption on PCD loans Provision for credit losses (1) ) ) ) ) Loans charged-off ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Total ending allowance balance 
 (1) 
 The negative provision of million for credit losses on the consolidated statements of income is net of a thousand provision for credit marks in the Cadence Branches loans acquired for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company recorded a million, provision for credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to million, negative provision for credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 2022 provision for credit losses includes million associated with day one post-merger accounting provision recorded for non-PCD loans and unfunded commitments. A million initial allowance was recorded on PCD loans acquired in the BBI merger. The negative provision for 2021 was composed of a million decrease in the ACL for LHFI, net of thousand provision for credit marks on the Cadence Branches loans acquired. The negative provision for credit losses in 2021 was primarily due to the improved macroeconomic outlook for 2021. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 Collectively evaluated Total Allowance for Credit Losses Individually evaluated Collectively evaluated Total 
 Commercial, Financial and Agriculture Commercial Real Estate Consumer Real Estate Consumer Installment Total December 31, 2021 LHFI Individually evaluated Collectively evaluated Total Allowance for Loan Losses Individually evaluated Collectively evaluated Total 
 
 NOTE F - 
 Buildings and improvements Equipment Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Total 
 The amounts charged to operating expense for depreciation were million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE G - 
 million and million, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 NOTE H - 
 Total 
 In 2022, each advance from the FHLB was payable at its maturity date, with a prepayment penalty for fixed rate advances. Interest was payable monthly at rates ranging from to Advances due to the FHLB are collateralized by a blanket lien on first mortgage loans in the amount of the outstanding borrowings, FHLB capital stock, and amounts on deposit with the FHLB. In 2022, advances due to the FHLB were collateralized by billion in loans. Based on this collateral and holdings of FHLB stock, the Company is eligible to borrow up to a total of billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 
 NOTE I 
 to years. 
 The Company includes lease extension and termination options in the lease term if, after considering relevant economic factors, it is reasonably certain the Company will exercise the option. In addition, the Company has elected to account for any non-lease components in its real estate leases as part of the associated lease component. The Company has also elected not to recognize leases with original lease terms of 12 months or less (short-term leases) on the Company s balance sheet. 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 Finance leases, net of accumulated depreciation Total right-of-use assets Lease liabilities: Operating lease Finance lease Total lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term Operating leases years years Finance leases years years Weighted average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 Finance lease cost: Interest on lease liabilities Amortization of right-of-use Net lease cost 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 NOTE J - 
 or more, has a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of or more, has a common equity Tier 1 of , and has a Tier 1 leverage capital ratio of or more. 

100 

Table of Contents 

 Common equity Tier 1 Tier 1 risk-based Tier 1 leverage December 31, 2021 Amount Ratio 
 Amount Ratio Total risk-based Common equity Tier 1 Tier 1 risk-based Tier 1 leverage 
 Common equity Tier 1 Tier 1 risk-based Tier 1 leverage 
 December 31, 2021 Amount Ratio 
 Amount Ratio Total risk-based Common equity Tier 1 Tier 1 risk-based Tier 1 leverage 
 The principal sources of funds to the Company to pay dividends are the dividends received from the Bank. Consequently, dividends are dependent upon The First s earnings, capital needs, regulatory policies, as well as statutory and regulatory limitations. Federal Reserve regulations limit dividends, stock repurchases and discretionary bonuses to executive officers if the Company s regulatory capital is below the level of regulatory minimums plus the applicable capital conservation buffer. Federal and state banking laws and regulations restrict the amount of dividends and loans a bank may make to its parent company. Approval by the Company s regulators is required if the total of all dividends declared in any calendar year exceed the total of its net income for that year combined with its retained net income of the preceding two years. In 2022, the Bank had available million to pay dividends. 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE K - 
 State Deferred ) Total income tax expense 
 Tax-exempt income, net ) ) ) ) ) ) Bargain purchase gain ) ) Nondeductible expenses State income tax, net of federal tax effect Federal tax credits, net ) ) ) ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) ) 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 Net operating loss carryover Nonaccrual loan interest Other real estate Deferred compensation Loan purchase accounting Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities Lease liability Other Deferred tax liabilities: Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities ) Securities ) ) Premises and equipment ) ) Core deposit intangible ) ) Goodwill ) ) Right-of-use asset ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Net deferred tax asset/(liability), included in other assets/(liabilities) ) 
 With the acquisition of Baldwin Bancshares, Inc. in 2013, BCB Holding Company, Inc. in 2014, Gulf Coast Community Bank in 2017, Sunshine Financial, Inc. in 2018, and FPB Financial Corp. in 2019, SWG in 2020, and BBI in 2022 the Company assumed federal tax net operating loss carryovers. million of net operating losses remain available to the Company and begin to expire in 2026. The Company expects to fully utilize the net operating losses. 
 The Company follows the guidance of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC Topic 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no uncertain tax positions that it believes should be recognized in the financial statements. The tax years still subject to examination by taxing authorities are years subsequent to 2018. 
 
 NOTE L - 
 matching contribution. Contributions totaled million in 2022, million in 2021, and thousand in 2020. 
 The Company sponsors an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) for employees who have completed of service for the Company and attained age . Employees become fully vested after of service. Contributions to the plan are at the discretion of the Board of Directors. At December 31, 2022, the ESOP held shares valued at thousand of Company common stock and had no debt obligation. All shares held by the plan were considered outstanding for net income per share purposes. Total ESOP expense was thousand for 2022, thousand for 2021, and thousand for 2020. 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 active key executives. During 2016, the Company established a SERP for additional active key executives. Pursuant to the SERP, these officers are entitled to receive equal monthly payments commencing at the later of obtaining age or separation from service. The costs of such benefits, assuming a retirement date at age , are accrued by the Company and included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The SERP balance at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. The Company accrued to expense thousand for 2022, thousand for 2021, and thousand for 2020 for future benefits payable under the SERP. The SERP is an unfunded plan and is considered a general contractual obligation of the Company. 
 Upon the acquisition of Iberville Bank, Southwest Banc Shares, Inc., FMB Banking Corporation, and SWG, the Bank assumed deferred compensation agreements with directors and employees. At December 31, 2022, the total liability of the deferred compensation agreements was thousand, million, million, and thousand, respectively. Deferred compensation expense totaled thousand, thousand, thousand, and thousand, respectively for 2022. 
 
 NOTE M - 
 shares of Company Common Stock, par value per share. In 2015, the Company adopted an amendment to the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan which provided for the issuance of an additional shares of Company Common Stock, par value per share, for a total of shares. In 2021, the Company adopted an amendment to the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan which provided for the issuance of an additional shares of Company Common Stock, par value per share, for a total of shares. Shares issued under the 2007 Plan may consist in whole or in part of authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares. Total shares issuable under the plan are at year-end 2022, and and shares were issued in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested shares granted under the Plan. The costs is expected to be recognized over the remaining term of the vesting period (approximately 5 years). The total fair value of shares vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million. 
 Compensation cost in the amount of million was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022, million was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2021 and million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Shares of restricted stock granted to employees under this stock plan are subject to restrictions as to the vesting period. The restricted stock award becomes vested on the earliest of 1) the vesting period provided the Grantee has not incurred a termination of employment prior to that date, 2) the Grantee s retirement, or 3) the Grantee s death. During this period, the holder is entitled to full voting rights and dividends. The dividends are held by the Company and only paid if and when the grants are vested. The 2007 Plan also contains a double trigger change-in-control provision pursuant to which unvested shares of stock granted through the plan will be accelerated upon a change in control if the executive is terminated without cause as a result of the transaction (as long as the shares granted remain part of the Company or are transferred into the shares of the new company). 
 In 2022, as part of the BBI acquisition, the Company assumed outstanding options previously granted by BBI under the BBI 2018 Stock Option Plan ("legacy BBI options"). In connection with the assumption of the legacy BBI 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 shares of common stock to be issued upon exercise of such options. These options had a weighted average exercise price of and were fully vested upon acquisition. 
 
 NOTE N - 
 million of floating rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures to The First Bancshares Statutory Trust 2 ("Trust 2"). The Company owns all of the common equity of Trust 2, and the debentures are the sole asset of Trust 2. Trust 2 issued of Trust Preferred Securities to investors. The Company s obligations under the debentures and related documents, taken together, constitute a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company of the Trust 2's obligations under the preferred securities. The preferred securities are redeemable by the Company at its option. The preferred securities must be redeemed upon maturity of the debentures in 2036. Interest on the preferred securities is the three month London Interbank Offer Rate (LIBOR) plus and is payable quarterly. The terms of the subordinated debentures are identical to those of the preferred securities. 
 On July 27, 2007, the Company issued million of floating rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures to The First Bancshares Statutory Trust 3 ("Trust 3"). The Company owns all of the common equity of Trust 3, and the debentures are the sole asset of Trust 3. The Trust 3 issued of Trust Preferred Securities to investors. The Company s obligations under the debentures and related documents, taken together, constitute a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company of Trust 3's obligations under the preferred securities. The preferred securities are redeemable by the Company at its option. The preferred securities must be redeemed upon maturity of the debentures in 2037. Interest on the preferred securities is the three month LIBOR plus and is payable quarterly. The terms of the subordinated debentures are identical to those of the preferred securities. 
 In 2018, as the result of the acquisition of FMB Banking Corporation ("FMB"), the Company became the successor to FMB s obligations in respect of of floating rate junior subordinated debentures issued to FMB Capital Trust 1 ("FMB Trust"). The debentures are the sole asset of FMB Trust, and the Company is the sole owner of the common equity of FMB Trust. FMB Trust issued of Trust Preferred Securities to investors. The Company s obligations under the debentures and related documents, taken together, constitute a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company of FMB Trust's obligations under the preferred securities. The preferred securities must be redeemed upon maturity of the debentures in 2033. Interest on the preferred securities is the three month LIBOR plus and is payable quarterly. 
 In accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 810, Consolidation, the Trust 2, Trust 3, and FMB Trust are not included in the consolidated financial statements. 
 Notes 
 On April 30, 2018, The Company entered into two Subordinated Note Purchase Agreements pursuant to which the Company sold and issued million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2028 and million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2033 (collectively, the Notes ). 
 The Notes are not convertible into or exchangeable for any other securities or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. The Notes are not subject to redemption at the option of the holder. Principal and interest on the Notes are subject to acceleration only in limited circumstances. The Notes are unsecured, subordinated obligations of the Company and rank junior in right to payment to the Company s current and future senior indebtedness, and each Note is pari passu in right to payment with respect to the other Notes. 
 On September 25, 2020, The Company entered into a Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement with certain qualified institutional buyers pursuant to which the Company sold and issued million in aggregate principal amount of its Fixed to Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2030. The Notes are unsecured and have a term, maturing October 1, 2030, and will bear interest at a fixed annual rate of , payable semi-annually in arrears, for the first five years of the term. Thereafter, the interest rate will reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to a benchmark rate (which is expected to be the Three-Month Term SOFR plus basis points, payable quarterly in arrears). As provided in the Notes, under specified conditions the interest rate on the Notes during the applicable floating rate period may be determined based on a rate other than Three-Month Term SOFR. The Company is entitled to redeem the 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 million of subordinated debt, net of deferred issuance costs million and unamortized fair value mark thousand, at December 31, 2022, compared to million, net of deferred issuance costs million and unamortized fair value mark thousand, at December 31, 2021. 
 
 NOTE O - 
 at December 31, 2022, at December 31, 2021 and at December 31, 2020. 
 On May 7, 2020, the Company announced the renewal of its share repurchase program that previously expired on December 31, 2019. Under the program, the Company could from time to time repurchase up to million of shares of its common stock in any manner determined appropriate by the Company s management. The actual timing and method of any purchases, the target number of shares and the maximum price (or range of prices) under the program, was determined by management at its discretion and depended on a number of factors, including the market price of the Company s common stock, general market and economic conditions, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The renewed share repurchase program expired on December 31, 2020. The Company repurchased shares in 2020 pursuant to the program. 
 On December 16, 2020, the Company announced that its Board of Directors has authorized a share repurchase program (the 2021 Repurchase Program ), pursuant to which the Company could purchase up to an aggregate of million in shares of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock. Under the program, the Company could, but was not required to, from time to time repurchase up million of its own common stock in any manner determined appropriate by the Company s management. The actual timing and method of any purchases, the target number of shares and the maximum price (or range of prices) under the program, was be determined by management at is discretion and depended on a number of factors, including the market price of the Company s common stock, general market and economic conditions, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The 2021 Repurchase Program expired on December 31, 2021. The Company repurchased shares in 2021 pursuant to the 2021 Repurchase Program. 
 On February 8, 2022, the Company announced the renewal of the 2021 Repurchase Program that previously expired on December 31, 2021. Under the renewed 2021 Repurchase Program, the Company could repurchase up to an aggregate of million of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock in any manner determined appropriate by the Company s management, less the amount of prior purchases under the program during the 2021 calendar year. The renewed 2021 Repurchase Program was completed in February 2022 when the Company s repurchases under the program approached the maximum authorized amount. The Company repurchased shares under the 2021 Repurchase Program in the first quarter of 2022. 
 On March 9, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program (the 2022 Repurchase Program ), pursuant to which the Company could purchase up to an aggregate of million in shares of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock during the 2022 calendar year. Under the program, the Company could, but was not required to, from time to time repurchase up million of shares of its own common stock in any manner determined appropriate by the Company s management. The actual timing and method of any purchases, the target number of shares and the maximum price (or range of prices) under the program, was determined by management at is discretion and will depend on a number of factors, including the market price of the Company s common stock, general market and economic conditions, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The 2022 Repurchase Program had an expiration date of December 31, 2022. 
 On February 28, 2023, the Company announced that its Board of Directors has authorized a new share repurchase program (the "2023 Repurchase Program"), pursuant to which the Company may purchase up to an aggregate of million in shares of the Company's issued and outstanding common stock during the 2023 calendar year. Under the program, the Company may, but is not required to, from time to time repurchase up million of shares of its own common stock in any manner determined appropriate by the Company s management. The actual timing and method of any purchases, the target number of shares and the maximum price (or range of prices) under the program, will be determined by management at is discretion and will depend on a number of factors, including the market price of the Company s common stock, general market and economic conditions, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The 2023 Repurchase Program will have an expiration date of December 31, 2023. 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE P - 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Advances/new loans Removed/payments ) Loans outstanding at end of year 
 Deposits from principal officers, directors, and their affiliates at year-end 2022 and 2021 were million and million. 
 
 NOTE Q - 
 Unused lines of credit Standby letters of credit 
 Commitments to make loans are generally made for periods of 90 days or less. The fixed rate loan commitments have interest rates ranging from to and maturities ranging from year to years. 
 ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES ACL ON OFF BALANCE SHEET CREDIT OBSC Exposures 
 The Company adopted ASC 326, effective January 1, 2021, which requires the Company to estimate expected credit losses for OBSC exposures which are not unconditionally cancellable. The Company maintains a separate ACL on OBSC exposures, including unfunded commitments and letters of credit, which is included on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The ACL on OBSC exposures is adjusted as a provision for credit loss expense. The estimate includes consideration of the likelihood that funding will occur and an estimate of expected credit losses on commitments expected to be funded over its estimated life. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 Adoption of ASU 326 Credit loss expense related to OBSC exposures Balance at end of period 
 Adjustments to the ACL on OBSC exposures are recorded to provision for credit losses OBSC exposures. The Company recorded thousand and thousand to the provision for credit losses OBSC exposures for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 No credit loss estimate is reported for OBSC exposures that are unconditionally cancellable by the Company or for undrawn amounts under such arrangements that may be drawn prior to the cancellation on the arrangement. 
 The Company currently has full service banking and financial service offices, motor bank facility and loan production offices across Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, Georgia and Louisiana. Management closely monitors its credit concentrations and attempts to diversify the portfolio within its primary market area. As of December 31, 2022, management does not consider there to be any significant credit concentrations within the loan portfolio. Although the Bank s loan portfolio, as well as existing commitments, reflects the diversity of its primary market area, a substantial portion of a borrower's ability to repay a loan is dependent upon the economic stability of the area. 
 In the normal course of business, the Company and its subsidiary are subject to pending and threatened legal actions. Although the Company is not able to predict the outcome of such actions, after reviewing pending and threatened actions with counsel, management believes that based on the information currently available the outcome of such actions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 NOTE R - 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 109 

Table of Contents 

 Obligations of U.S. government agencies and sponsored entities Municipal securities Mortgage-backed Securities Corporate obligations Total investment securities available-for-sale Loans held for sale Interest rate swaps Liabilities: Interest rate swaps 
 December 31, 2021 Fair Value Measurements in thousands) Fair Value Quoted Prices in Active Markets For Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Assets: Available-for-sale U.S. Treasury Obligations of U.S. government agencies and sponsored entities Municipal securities Mortgage-backed securities Corporate obligations Total investment securities available-for-sale Loans held for sale 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 Paydowns ) ) Gain included in income Unrealized (loss) included in comprehensive income ) Balance, December 31 
 
 Municipal Securities in thousands) 2022 2021 Balance, January 1 Purchases Maturities, calls and paydowns ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain included in comprehensive income ) ) Balance, December 31 
 
 Discounted cash flow Discount rate - 
 December 31, 2021 Discounted cash flow Discount rate - 
 
 Municipal Securities Fair Value Valuation Technique Significant Unobservable Inputs Range of Inputs December 31, 2022 Discounted cash flow Discount rate - 
 December 31, 2021 Discounted cash flow Discount rate - 
 
 Following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis and recognized in the accompanying balance sheets, as well as the general classification of such assets and liabilities pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. 
 Collateral Dependent Loans 
 Loans for which it is probable that the Company will not collect all principal and interest due according to contractual terms are measured for impairment. If the impaired loan is identified as collateral dependent, then the fair value method of measuring the amount of impairment is utilized. This method requires obtaining a current independent appraisal of the collateral. These appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and the income approach. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the independent appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable sales and income date available for similar loans and collateral underlying such loans. Such adjustments, if any, result in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value. The Company adjusts the appraisal for cost associated with litigation and collections. Non-real estate collateral may be valued using an appraisal, net book value per the borrower s financial statements, or aging reports, adjusted or discounted based on management s expertise and knowledge of the client and client s business, resulting in a Level 3 fair value classification. Impaired loans are evaluated on a quarterly basis for additional impairment. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 million. Other real estate owned is classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Other real estate owned December 31, 2021 Collateral dependent loans Other real estate owned 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 Securities available-for-sale Securities held-to-maturity Loans held for sale Loans, net Accrued interest receivable Interest rate swaps Liabilities: Non-interest-bearing deposits Interest-bearing deposits Subordinated debentures FHLB and other borrowings Accrued interest payable Interest rate swaps 
 Fair Value Measurements December 31, 2021 Carrying Amount Estimated Fair Value Quoted Prices (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) in thousands) Financial Instruments: Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Securities available-for-sale Loans held for sale Loans, net Accrued interest receivable Liabilities: Non-interest-bearing deposits Interest-bearing deposits Subordinated debentures Accrued interest payable 
 
 NOTE S - 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 Other Interchange income Investment brokerage fees Net gains on OREO Net losses on sales of securities (1) ) ) Gain on acquisition Loss on premises and equipment ) ) Other Total non-interest income 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 Other Interchange income Investment brokerage fees Net (losses) on OREO ) ) Net gains on sales of securities (1) Gain on acquisition Loss on premises and equipment ) ) Other Total non-interest income 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Commercial/ Retail Bank Mortgage Banking Division Holding Company Total Revenue by Operating Segments in thousands) Non-interest income Service charges on deposits Overdraft fees Other Interchange income Investment brokerage fees Net gains (losses) on OREO ) ) Net gains on sales of securities (1) Gain on acquisition Gain on premises and equipment Other Total non-interest income 
 ___________________________________ 
 . 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE T - 
 Investment in subsidiary bank Investments in statutory trusts Bank owned life insurance Other Liabilities and Stockholders Equity: Subordinated debentures Borrowed funds Other Stockholders equity 
 Dividend income Other Expenses: Interest on borrowed funds Legal and professional Other Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in undistributed income of subsidiary ) Income tax benefit Income (loss) before equity in undistributed income of subsidiary ) Equity in undistributed income of subsidiary Net income 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Equity in undistributed income of Subsidiary ) ) ) Restricted stock expense Other, net ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Investment in bank ) Other, net Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Repurchase of restricted stock for payment of taxes ) ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Repayment of borrowed funds ) ) Issuance of subordinated debt Other, net Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE U - 
 Interest expense Net interest income (loss) ) Provision (credit) for credit losses Net interest income (loss) after provision for loan losses ) Non-interest income Non-interest expense Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Total Assets Net Loans 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 in thousands) Commercial/ Retail Bank Mortgage Banking Division Holding Company Total Interest income Interest expense Net interest income (loss) ) Provision (credit) for loan losses ) ) Net interest income (loss) after provision for loan losses ) Non-interest income Non-interest expense Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) Net income (loss) ) Total Assets Net Loans 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 Interest expense Net interest income (loss) ) Provision (credit) for loan losses Net interest income (loss) after provision for loan losses ) Non-interest income Non-interest expense Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) Net income (loss) ) Total Assets Net Loans 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE V - 
 Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Net interest income after provision for credit losses Total non-interest income Total non-interest expense Income tax expense Net income available to common stockholders Per common share: Net income, basic Net income, diluted Cash dividends declared 2021 Total interest income Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Total non-interest income Total non-interest expense Income tax expense Net income available to common stockholders Per common share: Net income, basic Net income, diluted Cash dividends declared 2020 Total interest income Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for loan losses Net interest income after provision for loan losses Total non-interest income Total non-interest expense Income tax expense Net income available to common stockholders Per common share: Net income, basic Net income, diluted Cash dividends declared 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE W - 
 loans with related interest rate swaps. 
 
 Weighted average pay rate Weighted average receive rate Weighted average maturity in years 

The Company also enters into a collateral agreement with the counterparty requiring the Company to post cash or 
 cash equivalent collateral to mitigate the credit risk in the transaction. At December 31, 2022, the Company had thousand of collateral posted with its counterparties, which is included in the consolidated statement of financial condition as cash and cash equivalents as "restricted cash". The Company also receives a swap spread to compensate it for the credit exposure it takes on the customer-facing portion of the transaction and this upfront cash payment from the counterparty is recorded in other income, net of any transaction execution expenses, in the consolidated statement of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net swap spread income included in other income was thousand. 
 
 Entering into derivative contracts potentially exposes the Company to the risk of counterparties' failure to fulfill their legal obligations, including, but not limited to, potential amounts due or payable under each derivative contract. Notional principal amounts are often used to express the volume of these transactions, but the amounts potentially subject to credit risk are much smaller. The Company assesses the credit risk of its dealer counterparties by regularly monitoring publicly available credit rating information, evaluating other market indicators, and periodically reviewing detailed financials. 
 
 The Company records the fair value of its interest rate swap contracts separately within other assets and other liabilities as current accounting rules do not permit the netting of customer and counterparty fair value amounts in the consolidated statement of financial condition. 
 
 NOTE X 
 million to the former HSBI shareholders as consideration in the acquisition, which included approximately shares of the Company's common stock, and approximately thousand in cash in lieu of fractional shares. At December 31, 2022, HSBI had approximately billion in assets, billion in loans, and billion in deposits. The purchase price allocation and certain fair value measurements remain preliminary due to the timing of the HSBI acquisition. Due to the 
 121 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company s management, under the supervision of and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act as of December 31, 2022. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. No changes were made to the Company s internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) during the last fiscal quarter that materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 The First Bancshares, Inc. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 The Company s management, under the supervision of and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on that assessment, our management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 As permitted by SEC guidance, management has excluded the operations of the BBI acquisition from the scope of management s report on internal control over financial reporting. BBI was acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, BBI represented approximately 9.4 of total consolidated assets. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains an audit report of FORVIS, LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, regarding internal control over financial reporting for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 pursuant to the rules of the SEC. Their report appears in the section captioned Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm included in Part II. Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders, Board of Directors and Audit Committee 
 The First Bancshares, Inc. 
 Hattiesburg, Mississippi 
 Opinion on the Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited The First Bancshares, Inc. s (the Company internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 As described in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting , the scope of management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has excluded Beach Bancorp, Inc. acquired on August 1, 2022. We have also excluded Beach Bancorp, Inc. from the scope of our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Beach Bancorp, Inc. represented approximately 9.4 percent of consolidated total assets as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Definitions and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of reliable financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ FORVIS, LLP (Formerly BKD, LLP) 
 Jackson, Mississippi 
 March 1, 2023 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Not applicable. 
 123 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information required by this item is set forth in our definitive proxy materials regarding our Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 25, 2023, which proxy materials will be filed with the SEC on or about April 12, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information required by this item is set forth in our definitive proxy materials regarding our Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 25, 2023, which proxy materials will be filed with the SEC on or about April 12, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information required by this item is set forth in our definitive proxy materials regarding our Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 25, 2023, which proxy materials will be filed with the SEC on or about April 12, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information required by this item is set forth in our definitive proxy materials regarding our Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 25, 2023, which proxy materials will be filed with the SEC on or about April 12, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information required by this item is set forth in our definitive proxy materials regarding our Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 25, 2023, which proxy materials will be filed with the SEC on or about April 12, 2023. 
 124 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 
 1. The following consolidated financial statements of The First Bancshares, Inc. and subsidiaries are incorporated as part of this Report under Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Consolidated balance sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated statements of income Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Consolidated statements of other comprehensive income (loss) Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Consolidated statements of changes in stockholders equity Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated statements of cash flows Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 
 2. Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules: 
 All schedules have been omitted, as the required information is either inapplicable or included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3. Exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K, by Item 15(b) are listed below. 
 (b) Exhibits: 
 All other financial statements and schedules are omitted as the required information is inapplicable or the required information is presented in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. 
 (a) 3. Exhibits: 
 Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 12, 2016, by and among The First Bancshares, Inc., The First, A National Banking Association, and Gulf Coast Community Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 14, 2016). 
 2.2 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated October 12, 2016, by and between The First Bancshares, Inc. and A. Wilbert s Sons Lumber and Shingle Co. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 14, 2016). 
 2.3 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between The First Bancshares, Inc. and Southwest Banc Shares, Inc., dated October 24, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2017). 
 2.4 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between The First Bancshares, Inc. and Sunshine Financial, Inc., dated December 6, 2017 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2018). 
 2.5 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between The First Bancshares, Inc. and FMB Banking Corporation, dated July 23, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on September 13, 2018). 
 2.6 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between The First Bancshares, Inc. and FPB Financial Corp., dated November 6, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 6, 2018). 
 
 125 

Table of Contents 

 2.7 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between The First Bancshares, Inc. and First Florida Bancshares, Inc., dated July 22, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 8-K filed on July 23, 2019). 
 2.8 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between The First Bancshares, Inc. and Southwest Georgia Financial Corp., dated December 18, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 8-K filed on December 18, 2019). 
 2.9 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 26, 2022, by and between The Fist Bancshares, Inc. and Beach Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 2, 2022). 
 2.10 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 27, 2022, by and between The First Bancshares, Inc. and Heritage Southeast Bancorporation, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 1, 2022). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of The First Bancshares, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2016). 
 3.2 Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of The First Bancshares, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2018). 
 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws of The First Bancshares, Inc., effective as of March 17, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2016). 
 3.4 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Bylaws of The First Bancshares, Inc. effective as of May 7, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 11, 2020). 
 4.1 Form of Certificate of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-220491 on Form S-3 filed on September 15, 2017). 
 4.2 Form of Global Subordinated Note for The First Bancshares, Inc. 5.875 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2018). 
 4.3 Form of Global Subordinated Note for The First Bancshares, Inc. 6.4 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Due 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2018). 
 4.4 Indenture by and between The First Bancshares, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, dated September 25, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2020). 
 4.5 Form of Global Subordinated Note for The First Bancshares, Inc. 4.25 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Due 2030 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2020). 
 4.6 Description of Securities 
 10.1 Note Purchase Agreement between the Company and the several purchasers of the Subordinated Notes, dated April 30, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to The Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2018). 
 10.2 Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement between the Company and the several purchasers of the Subordinated Notes, dated April 30, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to The Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2018). 
 10.3 Loan Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2016, by and between the Company, as Borrower, and First Tennessee Bank National Association, as Lender (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2016). 
 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 10.4 Employment Agreement dated May 31, 2011, between The First, A National Banking Association, and M. Ray Cole, Jr. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of The First Bancshares Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 29, 2012).+ 
 10.5 Amendment to Employment Agreement dated January 16, 2020, between The First, A National Banking Association, and M. Ray Cole, Jr. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to The First Bancshares Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 11, 2020).+ 
 10.6 Employment Agreement, dated as of October 17, 2019, by and between The First, A National Banking Association and Donna T. (Dee Dee) Lowery (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2019).+ 
 10.7 Amendment to Employment Agreement dated January 16, 2020, between The First, A National Banking Association, and Donna T. (Dee Dee) Lowery (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to The First Bancshares Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 11, 2020).+ 
 10.8 The First Bancshares, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to The First Bancshares Registration Statement No. 333-171996 on Form S-8 filed on February 1, 2011).+ 
 10.9 Amendment to 2007 Stock Incentive Plan effective May 28, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to The First Bancshares Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2016).+ 
 10.10 Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement between The First, A National Banking Association and M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr., as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to The First Bancshares Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2017).+ 
 10.11 Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement effective January 1, 2020 between The First, A National Banking Association and Milton R. Cole, Jr. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to The First Bancshares Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 11, 2020).+ 
 10.12 Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement between The First, A National Banking Association and Donna T. Lowery, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to The First Bancshares Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2017).+ 
 10.13 Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreement between The First, A National Banking Association and Donna T. Lowery (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Company s Annual Report in Form 10-K filed in March 12,2021).+ 
 10.14 Form of Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreements for Executives of The First, A National Banking Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to The First Bancshares Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2017).+ 
 10.15 Form of Stock Incentive Agreement for Restricted Stock Award pursuant to The First Bancshares, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2018).+ 
 10.16 Amendment to Stock Incentive Agreement for Outstanding Shares of Restricted Stock, dated as of October 15, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2019). + 
 10.17 Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement between The First Bancshares, Inc. and the several purchasers of the Subordinated Notes, dated September 25, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2020). 
 10.18 Registration Rights Agreement between The First Bancshares, Inc. and the several purchasers of the Subordinated Notes, dated September 25, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2020). 
 10.19 Beach Community Bank 2018 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of The First Bancshares' Registration Statement No. 333-266436 on Form S-8 filed on August 1 , 202 2 ). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of The First Bancshares, Inc. 
 
 127 

Table of Contents 

 23.1 Consent of FORVIS , LLP (Formerly BKD, LLP.) 
 23.2 Consent of Crowe LLP. 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer. 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certifications. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 ________________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 + Denotes management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 128 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. Date: March 1, 2023 
 By: /s/ M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr. M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr. Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer), Chairman of the Board Date: March 1, 2023 
 By: /s/ Dee Dee Lowery Dee Dee Lowery Executive VP and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr. and Donna T. (Dee Dee) Lowery, with full power to act without the other, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full and several powers of substitution and resubsititution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and hereby grants to such attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully as to all intents and purposes as each of the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 SIGNATURES CAPACITIES DATE /s/ E. Ricky Gibson Director March 01, 2023 /s/ Rodney D. Bennett Director March 01, 2023 /s/ David W. Bomboy Director March 01, 2023 /s/ Jonathan A. Levy Director March 01, 2023 /s/ Charles R. Lightsey Director March 01, 2023 /s/ Fred McMurry Director March 01, 2023 /s/ Thomas E. Mitchell Director March 01, 2023 /s/ Renee Moore Director March 01, 2023 /s/ Ted E. Parker Lead Director March 01, 2023 /s/ J. Douglas Seidenburg Director March 01, 2023 /s/ Andrew D. Stetelman Director March 01, 2023 /s/ M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr. CEO, President, Director, and Chairman of March 01, 2023 the Board (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Donna T. (Dee Dee) Lowery Executive VP Chief Financial Officer March 01, 2023 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 129 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 fbms-20221231xexx46.htm
 EX-4.6

Document 

Exhibit 4.6 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 The following description summarizes the terms of our common stock and preferred stock but does not purport to be complete, and it is qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable provisions of federal law governing bank holding companies, Mississippi law and our articles of incorporation and bylaws. Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended, are incorporated by reference as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of which this Exhibit 4.6 is a part. 
 
 Common Stock 
 Authorized. The Company has 40,000,000 shares of authorized common stock, 1.00 par value. As of February 22, 2023, there were 31,063,780 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 
 
 Voting Rights Cumulative Voting. Pursuant to the Mississippi Business Corporation Act MBCA and the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, each outstanding share of the Company s common stock is entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote. Holders of the Company s common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. Article 2.6 of the Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws provides that unless otherwise required by MBCA or the articles of incorporation, all classes or series of Company shares entitled to vote generally on a matter shall for that purpose be considered a single voting group. 
 
 Classified Board of Directors. Under Article 10 of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended, the board of directors of the Company is divided into three classes Class I, Class II, and Class III as nearly equal in numbers of directors as possible. Article 3.2 of the bylaws establishes a minimum of nine directors, and a maximum of 25 directors. At present there are a total of ten directors divided as follows three Class I directors, four Class II directors, and three Class III directors. The terms of the Class I directors will expire at the 2023 Annual Shareholders Meeting. The terms of the Class II directors will expire at the 2024 Annual Shareholders Meeting. The terms of the Class III directors will expire at the 2022 Annual Shareholders Meeting. 
 
 Dividends . The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from The First. There are various restrictions that limit the ability of The First to finance, pay dividends or otherwise supply funds to the Company or other affiliates. In addition, subsidiary banks of holding companies are subject to certain restrictions under Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act on any extension of credit to the bank holding company or any of its subsidiaries, on investments in the stock or other securities thereof and on the taking of such stock or securities as collateral for loans to any borrower. Further, a bank holding company and its subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in certain tie-in arrangements in connection with extensions of credit, leases or sales of property, or furnishing of services. 
 
 The principal source of funds from which the Company pays cash dividends are the dividends received from its bank subsidiary, The First. Consequently, dividends are dependent upon The First s earnings, capital needs, and regulatory policies, as well as statutory and regulatory limitations. 
 
 Federal and state banking laws and regulations restrict the amount of dividends and loans a bank may make to its parent company. The Company and The First are subject to various general regulatory policies and requirements relating to the payment of dividends, including requirements to maintain adequate capital above regulatory minimums. The appropriate federal bank regulatory authority may prohibit the payment of dividends where it has determined that the payment of dividends would be an unsafe or unsound practice. The Federal Reserve has indicated that paying dividends that deplete a bank s capital base to an inadequate level would be an unsound and unsafe banking practice. The Federal Reserve has indicated that depository institutions and their holding companies should generally pay dividends only out of current operating earnings. Further, under Mississippi law, The First must obtain the non-objection of the Commissioner of the Mississippi Department of Banking and Consumer Finance prior to paying any dividend to the Company. 
 
 Preemptive Rights Liquidation. The Company s common stock does not carry any preemptive rights enabling a holder to subscribe for or receive shares of the Company s common stock. In the event of liquidation, holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to share in the distribution of assets remaining after payment of debts and expenses and after required payments to holders of the Company s preferred stock, if any such shares are outstanding. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Company s common stock. 

Preferred Stock 
 
 Under the terms of the Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, the Company has authorized the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 1.00 per share, any part or all of which shares may be established and designated from time to time by the Company s board of directors by filing an amendment to the articles of incorporation, which is effective without shareholder action, in accordance with the appropriate provisions of the MBCA. The Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company authorize the Company s board of directors to establish one or more series of preferred stock, and to establish such preferences, limitations and relative rights as may be applicable to each series of preferred stock. The issuance of preferred stock and the determination of the terms of preferred stock by the board, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, adversely affect the voting power of the holders of the Company s common stock. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 
 Supermajority Voting Requirements Business Combinations or Control Share Acquisition. The MBCA states that in the absence of a greater requirement in the articles of incorporation, a sale, lease, exchange, or other disposition of all, or substantially all, of a corporation s property requires approval by a majority of the shares entitled to vote on the transaction. The Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company do not provide for a greater than majority vote on such a transaction. 
 
 The Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company include a control share acquisition provision requiring any person who plans to acquire a control block of stock (generally defined as more than 10 of all voting power) to obtain approval by the majority vote of disinterested shareholders or the affirmative vote of 75 of eligible members of the board of directors (excluding any director who is proposing or who is a member of a group proposing a control share acquisition) in order to vote the control shares. If a control share acquisition is made without first obtaining this approval, all stock beneficially owned by the acquiring person in excess of 10 will be considered excess stock and will not be entitled to vote. 
 
 Any person who proposes to make or has made a control share acquisition may deliver a statement to the Company describing the person s background and the control share acquisition and requesting a special meeting of shareholders of the Company to decide whether to grant voting rights to the shares acquired in the control share acquisition. The acquiring person must pay the expenses of this meeting. If no request is made, the voting rights to be accorded the shares acquired in the control share acquisition shall be presented to the next special or annual meeting of the shareholders. If the acquiring person does not deliver his or her statement to the Company, it may elect to repurchase the acquiring person s shares at fair market value. Control shares acquired in a control share acquisition are not subject to redemption after an acquiring person s statement has been filed unless the shares are not accorded full voting rights by the shareholders. 
 
 Removal of Directors. Article 11 of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company provide that no director of the Company may be removed except by the shareholders for cause provided that directors elected by a particular voting group may be removed only by the shareholders in that voting group for cause. Article 3.3 of the Company s Bylaws provide further that removal action may only be taken at a shareholders meeting for which notice of the removal action has been given. A removed director s successor may be elected at the same meeting to serve the unexpired term. 
 
 Vacancies in the Board of Directors. Under the Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws, any vacancy may be filled for the unexpired term by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors, provided that , if the vacant office was held by a director elected by a particular voting group, only the shares of that voting group or the remaining directors elected by that voting group shall be entitled to fill the vacancy provided further , that if the vacant office was held by a director elected by a particular voting group, the other remaining directors or director (elected by another voting group or groups) may fill the vacancy during an interim period before the shareholders of the vacated director s voting group act to fill the vacancy. 
 
 Amendment of the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws. Under the MBCA, the board of directors has the power to amend or repeal the bylaws of a Mississippi corporation such as the Company, unless such power is expressly reserved for the shareholders. Article 10 of the Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws provides that the bylaws may be amended, altered, or repealed by the board of directors, except with regard to the provisions establishing the 

number of directors and process for removal of directors, which may only be amended by the affirmative vote of holders of outstanding shares entitled to more than 80 of the votes eligible to be cast on the alteration, amendment, or repeal. 
 
 Under the MBCA, amendments to the articles of incorporation that result in dissenters rights require the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment. Otherwise, the articles of incorporation may be amended by a majority vote of the shares present at a meeting where a quorum is present. 
 
 Special Meetings of Shareholders. Under the Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws, special meetings of the shareholders, for any purpose or purposes, may be called by the chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive officer, or the board of directors, or within 75 days of a written request of shareholders holding in the aggregate 10 or more of the total voting power entitled to vote on an issue. Such a request must state the purpose or purposes of the proposed special meeting. 
 
 Shareholder Proposals and Nominations. The Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws provide procedures that must be followed to properly nominate candidates for election as directors. Director nominations, other than those made by or at the direction of the board of directors, may be made by any shareholder by delivering written notice to the corporate secretary of the Company not less than 50 nor more than 90 days prior to the meeting at which directors are to be elected, provided that the Company has mailed the first notice of the meeting at least 60 days prior to the meeting date. If the Company has not given such notice, shareholder nominations must be submitted within ten days following the earlier of (i) the date that notice of the date of the meeting was first mailed to the shareholders or (ii) the day on which public disclosure of such date was made. The Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws also require information to be supplied about both the shareholder making such nomination or proposal and the person nominated. 
 
 Limitations on Directors and Officers Liability. Article 7 of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company provides that no director of the Company shall be personally liable to the Company or its shareholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for any appropriation in violation of fiduciary duties of any business opportunity for acts or omissions not in good faith or involving intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law under Section 79-4-8.33 of the MBCA or for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. Article 8 of the Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws also provides for indemnification of directors and officers. 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 fbms-20021231xexx211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF 
 THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 

The First Bank 
 (a Mississippi state-chartered bank) 
 
 The First Bancshares Statutory Trust 2 
 (Delaware statutory trust) 
 
 The First Bancshares Statutory Trust 3 
 (Delaware statutory trust) 
 
 FMB S Capital Trust 1 
 
 HF Air, LLC 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 fbms-20221231xexx231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-220491 and No. 333-248425) and on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-171996, 333-248426 and 333-266436) of The First Bancshares, Inc. (the Company) of our report dated March 1, 2023, on our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in this annual report on Form 10-K. We also consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated March 1, 2023, on our audit of the internal control over financial reporting of the Company as of December 31, 2022, which report is included in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

s FORVIS, LLP (Formerly BKD, LLP) 

Jackson, Mississippi 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 fbms-20221231xexx232.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-220491 and No. 333-248425) and Form S-8 (No. 333-171996, No. 333-248426 and No. 333-266436) of our report dated March 12, 2021 on the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020 appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of The First Bancshares, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Crowe LLP 
 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 fbms-20221231xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of The First Bancshares, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 s M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr. M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr. Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 fbms-20221231exx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Donna T. (Dee Dee) Lowery, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of The First Bancshares, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 s Donna T. (Dee Dee) Lowery Donna T. (Dee Dee) Lowery Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 fbms-20221231xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of The First Bancshares, Inc. (the Company for the year ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr., as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and the information contained in the periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 s M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr. M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr. Chief Executive Officer 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of The First Bancshares, Inc. (the Company for the year ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Dee Dee Lowery, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of her knowledge 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and that information contained in the periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the issuer. 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 s Donna T. (Dee Dee) Lowery Donna T. (Dee Dee) Lowery Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 fbms-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 fbms-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 fbms-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 fbms-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 fbms-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

