<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230308_10-K_edgar_data_1867096_0001867096-23-000031.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>26220261</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>493126</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>16898530</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3181396</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2784996</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2263134</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001867096-23-000031.hdr.sgml : 20230308
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230308161138
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001867096-23-000031
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		191
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230308
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230308

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Xeris Biopharma Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001867096
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40880
		FILM NUMBER:		23716250

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		180 N. LASALLE STREET, SUITE 1600
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60601
		BUSINESS PHONE:		844-445-5704

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		180 N. LASALLE STREET, SUITE 1600
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60601

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001867096-23-000031.txt : 20230308

10-K
 1
 xers-20221231.htm
 10-K

xers-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _______ to _______ Commission file number: 

(Exact name of the registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the Registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately million based on the closing sales price as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market. 
 As of February 28, 2023, shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of common stock were outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Part III incorporates certain information by reference from the Registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Commission in connection with the Registrant's 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Such Definitive Proxy Statement will be filed not later than 120 days after the conclusion of the Registrant s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Table of Contents 

Summary of the Material Risks Associated with Our Business 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should be aware of in evaluating our business. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Index to Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Page Cautionary Statements for Forward-Looking Information 
 4 
 Part I. Item 1. Business 
 6 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 31 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 65 
 Item 2. Properties 
 79 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 66 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 66 
 Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchas e s of Equity Securities 
 66 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 66 
 Item 7 . Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 67 
 Item 7A . Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 75 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 77 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 116 
 Item 9A . Controls and Procedures 
 116 
 Item 9B . Other Information 
 116 
 Item 9C. Disclosure regarding foreign jurisdictions that prevent inspections 
 116 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 117 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 117 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 117 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 117 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 117 
 Part IV. 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 118 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 118 
 Index to Exhibits 
 118 
 Signatures 
 124 
 
 Solely for convenience, the trademarks and trade names in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this "Annual Report") are referred to without the and symbols, but absence of such references should not be construed as any indicator that their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto. The trademarks, trade names and service marks appearing in this Annual Report are the property of their respective owners. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Cautionary Statements for Forward-Looking Information 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains express or implied forward-looking statements that are based on our management s belief and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements relate to future events or our future operational or financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 the rate and degree of market acceptance and clinical utility of Gvoke, Keveyis and Recorlev; 
 the pricing and reimbursement of Gvoke, Keveyis and Recorlev or any of our product candidates, if approved; 
 the effect of uncertainties related to the current coronavirus pandemic, or any other health epidemic, on United States and global markets, our business, financial condition, operations, third-party suppliers or the global economy as a whole; 
 our estimates regarding the market opportunities for Gvoke, Keveyis and Recorlev and our product candidates; 
 the commercialization, marketing and manufacturing of Gvoke, Keveyis and Recorlev and our product candidates, if approved; 
 our ability to manufacture, or the ability of third parties to deliver, sufficient quantities of components and drug product for commercialization of Gvoke, Keveyis and Recorlev or any of our product candidates, if approved; 
 our expectations related to the collaboration and partnerships with other pharmaceutical companies regarding the development of formulations of their proprietary therapeutics using our formulation science; 
 the rate and degree of market acceptance and clinical utility of any of our product candidates for which we receive marketing approval in the future; 
 the initiation, timing, progress and results of our research and development programs and future preclinical and clinical studies; 
 our ability to advance any other product candidates into, and successfully complete, clinical studies and obtain regulatory approval for them; 
 our ability to identify additional product candidates; 
 the implementation of our strategic plans for our business, product candidates and technology; 
 the scope of protection we are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights covering our product candidates and technology; 
 our ability to use the proceeds of our public offerings and borrowings in ways that increase the value of your investment; 
 our expectations related to the use of proceeds from our public offerings and borrowings and estimates of our expenses, future revenues, capital requirements and our needs for additional financing; 
 our ability to maintain and establish collaborations; 
 our financial performance; 
 our ability to effectively manage our anticipated growth; 
 developments relating to our competitors and our industry, including the impact of government regulation; and 
 other risks and uncertainties, including those listed under the section entitled "Risk Factors" (refer to Part 1, Item 1A, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 
 In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as "will," "would," "may," "should," "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," "potential," "continue" and terms of similar meaning. These statements are only predictions. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could materially affect results. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, those listed under the section entitled "Risk Factors". If one or more of these risks or uncertainties occur, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual events or results may vary significantly from those implied or projected by the forward-looking statements. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance. 
 While we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we have no current intention of doing so except to the extent required by applicable law. You should therefore not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our business and the markets for Gvoke, Keveyis and Recorlev and our product candidates. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties, and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances that are assumed in this information. Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained this industry, business, market and other data from our own internal estimates and research as well as from reports, research surveys, studies and similar data prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, medical and general publications, government data and similar sources. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 As used herein, the "Company", "Xeris", "we" or "our" refers to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Xeris Pharma") when referring to periods prior to the acquisition of Strongbridge on October 5, 2021 and to Xeris Biopharma Holdings, Inc. ("Xeris Biopharma") when referring to periods on or subsequent to October 5, 2021. Throughout this document, unless otherwise noted, references to Gvoke include Gvoke PFS, Gvoke HypoPen, Gvoke Kit and Ogluo. 
 Overview 
 We are focused on building an innovative, self-sustaining, growth-oriented biopharma company committed to improving patients lives by developing and commercializing clinically meaningful products across a range of therapies. We are uniquely positioned to achieve this through our three commercial products and our proprietary formulation science (XeriSol and XeriJect) which generates partnerships and enhances our product candidates. 
 Commercial Products 
 Our top priority is maximizing the potential of our three commercial products: 
 Gvoke is a ready-to-use, liquid-stable glucagon for the treatment of severe hypoglycemia. The product is indicated for use in pediatric and adult patients with diabetes age 2 years and above and can be administered in 2 simple steps. The estimated total addressable market for this drug is approximately 5.0 billion in the United States. 
 Keveyis is the first therapy approved in the United States to treat hyperkalemic, hypokalemic, and related variants of Primary Periodic Paralysis ("PPP"). PPP is a rare genetic, neuromuscular disorder that can cause extreme muscle weakness and/or paralysis; some forms are also commonly associated with myotonia or muscle stiffness. The estimated total addressable market for this therapy is greater than 0.5 billion in the United States. 
 Recorlev is a cortisol synthesis inhibitor approved for the treatment of endogenous hypercortisolemia in adult patients with Cushing s syndrome for whom surgery is not an option or has not been curative. Endogenous Cushing s syndrome is a rare but serious and potentially fatal endocrine disease caused by chronic elevated cortisol exposure. The estimated total addressable market for this therapy is approximately 3.0 billion in the United States. 
 Our proprietary formulation capabilities 
 Our company name, Xeris, is derived from the ancient Greek word x r s meaning 'dry' or 'without water/non-aqueous'. Our proprietary, non-aqueous formulation capabilities are designed to enable the convenient injection of medicines previously uninjectable or poorly injectable when utilizing aqueous approaches. Both XeriSol and XeriJect offer the opportunity to create ready-to-use, room-temperature stable, highly concentrated, injectable formulations of both small and large molecules. These proprietary formulation capabilities can enable subcutaneous (SC) or intramuscular (IM) administration in lieu of intravenous (IV) infusion, allow for convenient, cost-effective storage, and provide an improved patient, caregiver, and healthcare provider experience. XeriSol and XeriJect have broad applications and enable us to develop our own internal product development candidates in endocrinology, neurology and other therapeutic areas. They also enable us to pursue formulation and development partnerships pursuant to which our proprietary formulation science is applied with the goal of enhancing the product formulation, delivery and clinical profile of other companies proprietary drugs and biologics. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Our Strategy 
 Our goal is to build a growth-oriented, self-sustaining biopharmaceutical company improving patients lives by developing and commercializing differentiated and innovative products across a range of therapies. To achieve our goal, we are pursuing the following strategies: 
 Table of Contents 

According to the most recent Standards of Care established by the American Diabetes Association and the Endocrine Society, we estimate that at least half of the approximately 30 million people with diabetes in the United States should be prescribed and have handy ready-to-use rescue glucagon for use during a potential severe hypoglycemic episode. Current prescription volumes suggest that fewer than 1 million people with diabetes are adequately protected today. As such, we believe the potential market opportunity to be nearly 5.0 billion annually. 
 Our current commercial strategy is to increase the number of prescribed and dispensed ready-to-use glucagon products, specifically Gvoke, for people with diabetes. Our commercial team and sales force are focused on driving awareness and adoption of Gvoke by healthcare professionals, patients and caregivers. 
 Keveyis 
 Keveyis (dichlorphenamide) is the first FDA-approved therapy for the treatment of the ultra-rare condition of PPP. PPP is an inherited group of neuromuscular conditions that are characterized by interference with the electrical-chemical communications between nerve cells and skeletal muscles that can cause paralytic attacks. 
 PPP is estimated to affect approximately 4,000 to 5,000 people in the United States. Our promotional efforts are aimed at bringing awareness of this condition to both the healthcare professionals and patient communities. The number of patients prescribed Keveyis therapy has grown steadily since its introduction in 2017 and continues to do so throughout 2022. 
 Patient identification, capture, and retention in ultra-rare markets is extremely difficult and time-consuming. To address this, we have built an extensive set of patient support processes and proprietary analytics to identify patients affected by PPP and suitable for Keveyis therapy treatment. We also employ a specialty pharmacy to assist with the navigation of complex payer, healthcare professionals and patient support requirements for this ultra-rare disease. 
 Since our purchase of Keveyis through the acquisition of Strongbridge, we have been planning and projecting for the loss of orphan drug exclusivity status, which occurred in August 2022. We also continue to seek patents to restore our exclusive rights. We currently have two United States patent applications pending with claims protecting therapeutic uses of Keveyis. Both of these patent applications are on appeal at the United States Patent and Trademark Office ("USPTO") s Board of Patent Appeals and Interferences. In late 2022, the FDA approved a generic version of our Keveyis product. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Recorlev 
 Recorlev is our recently approved new therapy for the treatment of Cushing s syndrome, a rare condition which is the result of sustained, elevated levels of cortisol in the body (hypercortisolism). Cushing s syndrome affects approximately 25,000 people in the United States of which approximately two-thirds are cured by surgery. Pharmacologic products like Recorlev are used for the balance of patients for whom surgery was not curative or was not indicated. Recorlev has received orphan drug exclusivity status in the United States through December 30, 2028. 
 We believe that the Cushing s market in the United States is approximately 3.0 billion annually. Recorlev competes primarily with other established medications and therapies, including older generic drugs that are used off-label for Recorlev's approved indication. Signifor (pasireotide) Injection and Isturisa (osilodrostat) are approved for Cushing s Disease, a subset of Cushing s syndrome and sold by Recordati S.p.A. Korlym (mifepristone) is approved for the treatment of hyperglycemia secondary to hypercortisolism in Cushing s syndrome patients and sold by Corcept Therapeutics. Because of the complex nature of Cushing s syndrome, many patients are inadequately treated with currently available medicines. 
 Our experienced commercial organization focuses on educating prescribing clinicians and patients to raise awareness of the benefits of normalizing cortisol with Recorlev. In addition, our efforts include the support of a single, highly experienced specialty pharmacy who provide logistical assistance in the securing of coverage from third-party payors and then subsequent distribution of Recorlev to the patients. 
 Our proprietary formulation platforms 
 Overview 
 In the presence of water, many drugs have poor solubility and stability. Our proprietary non-aqueous formulation science is designed to address the challenges associated with formulating certain drugs and overcome the inherent limitations of conventional aqueous-based formulation approaches. Injectable pharmaceuticals have conventionally been developed using aqueous formulations. To optimize their stability and enable longer-term storage, many of these products are freeze dried into a powder and, when needed, must be reconstituted with an aqueous diluent. This is typically associated with a challenging multi-step procedure with significant potential for error. Furthermore, these drugs can begin to break down once combined with water, which requires the reconstituted product to be used immediately or otherwise be refrigerated. In addition, many of these drugs can require complicated formulations and large injection volumes to make them soluble. For many products, these volumes are too large for SC or IM delivery and instead necessitate IV infusion over several hours. These products can be difficult or painful to administer and have limited portability, resulting in an overall poor experience for patients and caregivers. 
 Our proprietary non-aqueous XeriSol and XeriJect technologies offer the opportunity to eliminate the need for reconstitution and refrigeration, enable long-term room-temperature stability, significantly reduce injection volume, and allow for a more convenient SC or IM administration as opposed to IV infusion and other routes of administration. We believe these present distinct advantages over existing aqueous formulation approaches for currently marketed products and development-stage product candidates. 
 The proprietary XeriSol non-aqueous formulation platform is designed to address the limitations of aqueous formulations for peptide and small molecule drugs. The solutions are formulated using biocompatible, non-aqueous solutions that impart high stability and solubility to drugs allowing for development of room temperature stable, ready-to-use formulations. XeriSol formulations have been used extensively in global commercial products (Gvoke/Ogluo) and clinical trials. 
 The proprietary XeriJect non-aqueous formulation platform is designed as an innovative, ready-to-use, viscoelastic pharmaceutical suspension that has the potential to improve drug delivery, lower treatment burden and improve patients' lives across a broad range of therapeutic categories. XeriJect suspensions maximize drug loadings at >400mg/mL, enable small volume subcutaneous injections and do not settle on storage. The suspensions use FDA-approved excipients and leverage known manufacturing processes. XeriJect formulation science is well suited for drugs and biologics including large molecules such as proteins, monoclonal antibodies, and vaccines. 
 The formulation science associated with both the XeriSol and XeriJect technologies is protected by an extensive patent estate, trade secrets and know-how, and it is available for licensing. We believe that our scientific formulation capabilities can lead to products that will improve outcomes and enable easier administration while reducing costs for payors and the healthcare system. 
 Our Product Candidates 
 Once Weekly Subcutaneous Injection of Levothyroxine (XP-8121) 
 We conducted a Phase 1 clinical study with product candidate XP-8121, an early-stage program designed to address maintenance therapy in patients with congenital or acquired hypothyroidism who require continuous thyroid hormone replacement. We plan to commence a Phase 2 dose-finding study of XP-8121 in 2023. The study will be designed to assess XP-8121 in patients receiving oral thyroid replacement therapy to establish the average once-weekly dose, accrue chronic safety data, and facilitate a future Phase 3 program in consultation with the FDA. 
 Levothyroxine and Hypothyroidism 
 The thyroid gland is responsible for the synthesis, storage, and release of metabolic hormones including thyroxine (T4) and triiodothyronine (T3). These hormones are crucial in the regulation of critical metabolic processes and are vital for normal growth and development during fetal life, infancy, and childhood. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Therapeutically, levothyroxine is administered when the body is deficient in the endogenous hormone. The goal of therapy is restoration of the euthyroid state which can reverse the clinical manifestations of hypothyroidism and significantly improve quality of life. The treatment of choice for correction of hypothyroidism is continuous daily oral administration of levothyroxine, which is the mainstay of thyroid hormone replacement therapy. It is one of the most widely prescribed drug products in the United States, but the complexity of maintaining biochemical and clinical euthyroidism in patients undergoing treatment with oral levothyroxine cannot be underestimated. It has been reported that nearly 40 of patients undergoing treatment with oral levothyroxine are either over-or under-treated due to factors that include, but are not limited to, drug formulation, use of the drug with food, adherence to the drug, use of concomitant medications, and pre-existing medical conditions. Many patients failing to reach target thyroid stimulating hormone ("TSH") levels are generally managed by simply increasing their levothyroxine daily dose. However, levothyroxine is a drug with a narrow therapeutic index, meaning that relatively small deviations from the proper dose can cause a clinically meaningful shift in pharmacological effects when administered to a patient; thus, the titration of levothyroxine oral drug may be a tailored and incremental process. 
 XP-8121 Overview 
 XP-8121 is a novel formulation for subcutaneous administration that could potentially mitigate many of the challenges associated with oral formulations, such as identification of an ideal dose due to absorption variation and medication adherence for patients who have difficulty maintaining a stable, therapeutic serum level. Preclinical studies of XP-8121 showed a sustained plasma exposure profile and similar Cmax when compared with equivalent doses of the oral formulation. We conducted a Phase 1 study of XP-8121 to evaluate the pharmacokinetics, safety and tolerability, and potential for weekly dosing in the treatment of hypothyroidism. 
 The Phase 1 clinical study was a single ascending dose crossover design in 30 healthy participants to compare matching doses of oral levothyroxine (Synthroid and subcutaneous XP-8121. The primary endpoints of the study were to characterize the absorption and elimination kinetics of XP-8121 and compare bioavailability of XP-8121 to oral levothyroxine. Secondary endpoints were safety and tolerability of XP-8121. 
 In October 2022, we reported positive topline Phase 1 data of XP-8121. The data showed that subjects receiving XP-8121 subcutaneous had slower absorption, lower peak plasma, and higher extended exposure compared to Synthroid PO at the comparable dose of 600 g. In addition, exposure was proportional over the range of ascending XP-8121 doses studied. Simulations based on a population pharmacokinetic model indicated that exposure from weekly XP-8121 1200 g SC doses overlapped daily Synthroid PO 300 g suggesting a dose conversion factor of 4x. Importantly, single SC doses of XP-8121 at all doses were well tolerated and the XP-8121 doses studied were generally comparable to Synthroid 600 g PO with respect to the safety findings. 
 Market Opportunity 
 Hypothyroidism affects approximately 20 million people in the United States. For nearly 100 years, the only available option to treat patients with hypothyroidism has been with oral levothyroxine. The prescription category comprised of oral levothyroxine in its various branded and generic forms is the second largest prescription category in the United States with more than one hundred million prescriptions written annually. Complications associated with a requirement to take medicines by mouth, every day, are well-documented and include difficulties in swallowing, gastrointestinal malabsorption or intolerance, potential interactions with other orally administered medications, and general non-adherence given the daily regimen. Any of these complications can contribute to suboptimal treatment requiring higher dosing, generally poor control over TSH levels, or complete treatment failure. We believe XP-8121 to be well-suited to address these challenges. XP-8121 is designed to be a once-weekly, small-volume, subcutaneous injection which, given its route of administration, bypasses the gastrointestinal tract and could avoid many of the therapeutic complications associated with the use of oral forms of levothyroxine. We believe that our novel approach to treatment has the 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 potential to establish a new standard of care for hypothyroidism. Given the size of the impacted patient population and the challenges faced by certain patients, we estimate the potential market opportunity for XP-8121 to be 2- 3 billion dollars annually. 
 Collaboration and Partnerships 
 We believe that our proprietary XeriSol and XeriJect formulation capabilities could be broadly applicable for the potential development of pharmaceutical products in many therapeutic areas. To enhance and further exploit our core formulation science, we will continue to collaborate with other pharmaceutical companies on the development of formulations of their proprietary therapeutics with XeriSol or XeriJect. This strategy is designed to broaden our revenue stream and enhance the formulation, delivery and clinical profile of other companies proprietary drugs and biologics. Our strategic goal is to ultimately enter into commercial licensing agreements with our partners upon successful completion of formulation development. 
 Manufacturing and Supply 
 We currently contract with third parties for the manufacture, assembly, testing, packaging, storage and distribution of our products. In our experience, third party contract manufacturing organizations ("CMOs") are generally cost-efficient, high quality and reliable, and we currently have no plans to build our own manufacturing or distribution infrastructure. Our technical team has extensive pharmaceutical development, manufacturing, analytical, quality and distribution experience and is qualified and capable of managing supply chain operations across multiple CMOs. The standard operating procedures and quality systems in place at Xeris and our CMOs are designed to ensure compliance with the FDA's Current Good Manufacturing Practice ("CGMP") regulations and provide a framework for effective regulatory communications. We selected our CMOs for specific competencies, and they have met our development, manufacturing, quality and regulatory requirements and have all been involved in manufacturing our clinical supplies, commercial registration batches, and commercial product. 
 Glucagon is the active pharmaceutical ingredient ("API") used in Gvoke and our ready-to-use glucagon product candidates. Bachem Americas, Inc., ("Bachem") is our primary commercial source for API. Bachem holds a United States drug master file for glucagon produced at its facility in Switzerland, and its manufacturing process is fully validated. We have entered into a non-exclusive supply agreement with Bachem. We believe that Bachem has sufficient capacity to satisfy our long-term glucagon API requirements for Gvoke and other ready-to-use glucagon product candidates. 
 Manufacturing drug product for Gvoke requires an aseptic fill/finish facility capable of handling solvents and a cyclic olefinic polymer syringe. Pyramid Laboratories, Inc. ("Pyramid") has been actively involved in the development of Gvoke. Its facility in California is our primary source for drug product. We have entered into a non-exclusive supply agreement with Pyramid. We believe that Pyramid has sufficient capacity to satisfy our demand requirements for at least three to five years. 
 The auto-injector used to deliver drug product in Gvoke HypoPen is a proprietary multi-product device platform developed by SHL Medical AG and SHL Pharma, LLC (collectively "SHL"). SHL produces device sub-assemblies at its facility in Taiwan and performs final drug product/device assembly operations at its facility in Florida. We have entered into a supply agreement with SHL. 
 We have a supply agreement with Taro Pharmaceuticals North America, Inc. ("Taro") to produce Keveyis including all packaging. If the supply agreement is terminated by Taro at the conclusion of the renewal term, we have the right to manufacture the product on our own or have the product manufactured by a third party on our behalf. 
 Levoketoconazole is the API used in Recorlev. Regis Technologies, Inc. ("Regis has been actively involved in the development of levoketoconazole and its facility in Illinois is our sole source for API. We have entered into a supply agreement with Regis. We believe that Regis has sufficient capacity to satisfy our demand requirements for at least three to five years. 
 Manufacturing Recorlev drug product requires a conventional solid oral dosage form manufacturing facility. Xcelience, LLC. Lonza has been actively involved in the development of Recorlev and its facility in Florida is our sole source for drug product. We have entered into a supply agreement with Lonza. We believe that Lonza has sufficient capacity to satisfy our demand requirements for at least three to five years. 
 We believe that a number of CMOs can provide suitable secondary packaging services for Gvoke and Recorlev, and we have entered into commercial supply agreements with one vendor. A number of third-party logistic providers can provide commercial order processing and finished goods distribution services to the United States specialty pharmacies and wholesale customers, and we have a commercial distribution agreement with one such vendor for Gvoke, Keveyis and Recorlev. 
 To date, we and our suppliers and third-party manufacturing partners have been able to continue to supply our products to our patients and currently do not anticipate any interruptions in supply. Our third-party contract manufacturing partners continue to operate at or near normal levels, with enhanced safety measures intended to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. While we currently do not anticipate any interruptions in our manufacturing process, it is possible that a resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting global supply chain issues may have an impact in the future on our third-party suppliers and contract manufacturing partners ability to supply and/or manufacture our products. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Competition 
 Our industry is characterized by intense competition and a strong emphasis on proprietary products. While we believe that our employees, products, product candidates, formulation science, development expertise, intellectual property and scientific knowledge provide us with competitive advantages, we face potential competition from many different sources, including major pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Many of our potential competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and human resources than we do, as well as more experience in the development of product candidates, obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals of products, and the commercialization of those products. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Intellectual Property 
 Proprietary Protection 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our products and product candidates, manufacturing and process discoveries and other know-how, to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others, and to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights. We have been building and continue to build our intellectual property portfolio relating to our product candidates and formulation science. We seek to protect our proprietary position by, among other methods, filing United States and certain foreign patent applications related to our proprietary formulation science, inventions and improvements that are important to the development and implementation of our business. We also intend to rely on trade secrets, know-how, continuing formulation science innovation and potential in-licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our proprietary position. We cannot be sure that patents will be granted with respect to any of our pending patent applications or with respect to any patent applications filed by us in the future, nor can we be sure that any of our existing patents or any patents that may be granted to us or our partners in the future will be commercially useful in protecting our formulation science. 
 Patent Rights 
 We currently own 176 patents issued globally, including a composition of matter patent covering our ready-to-use glucagon formulation that expires in 2036. Included in the total patents, we have 59 granted patents globally related to our platform technologies, including 7 patents granted in the United States and listed in the United States FDA Orange Book covering proprietary formulations of levoketoconazole (the active pharmaceutical ingredient in Recorlev) and the uses of such formulations in treating certain endocrine-related diseases and syndromes. The latter includes the United States Patent Nos. 11,020,393 and 11,278,547, which were granted on June 1, 2021 and March 22, 2022, respectively, and which provide patent protection through 2040 for the use of Recorlev in the treatment of certain patients with persistent or recurrent Cushing s syndrome. 
 Trade Secrets and Other Protection 
 In addition to patented intellectual property, we also rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how to protect our formulation science and maintain our competitive position, especially when we do not believe that patent protection is appropriate or can be obtained. Our policy is to require each of our employees, consultants and advisors to execute a confidentiality and inventions assignment agreement before beginning their employment, consulting or advisory relationship with us. The agreements generally provide that the individual must keep confidential and not disclose to other parties any confidential information developed or learned by the individual during the course of the individual s relationship with us except in limited circumstances. These agreements generally also provide that we own all inventions conceived and/or reduced to practice by the individual in the course of their employment with us or rendering services to us. 
 Other Intellectual Property Rights 
 We file trademark applications and pursue registrations in the United States and abroad when appropriate. We own registered trademarks for the mark Xeris Pharmaceuticals in the United States, for the marks GVOKE, GVOKE HYPOPEN and HYPOPEN in the United States and several ex-United States countries, the registered trademark for OGLUO in the EU and the UK, and the registered trademarks for XERISOL and XERIJECT in Australia, the EU, the UK, Japan and Mexico. We also own pending trademark applications for XERISOL and XERIJECT in the United States and a number of ex-US countries, and for the marks GVOKE and GVOKE HYPOPEN in a number of ex-United States countries, all for use in connection with our pharmaceutical research and development and products, as well as trade names that could be used with our product candidates. 
 From time to time, we may find it necessary or prudent to obtain licenses from third-party intellectual property holders. 
 Regulation 
 Government Regulation 
 United States Drug and Biological Product Development 
 In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs, medical devices and combinations of drugs and devices, or combination products, under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act ("FDCA") and its implementing regulations and biologics under the FDCA and the Public Health Service Act ("PHSA") and their implementing regulations. Drugs, biologics, medical devices and combination products are also subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable United States requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include, among other actions, the FDA s refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, a clinical hold, untitled or warning letters, requests for voluntary product recalls or withdrawals from the market, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement, or civil or criminal penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Certain of our products and product candidates are subject to regulation as combination products, which means that they are composed of both a drug product and device product. If our drug products, along with our combination product, marketed individually, each component would be subject to different regulatory pathways and reviewed by different centers within the FDA. A combination product, however, is assigned to a center that will have primary jurisdiction over its regulation based on a determination of the combination product s primary mode of action, which is the single mode of action that provides the most important therapeutic action. In the case of Gvoke and some of our product candidates, the primary mode of action is attributable to the drug component of the product, or biological component of the product, which means that the FDA s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research ("CDER") or FDA s Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research ("CBER") has primary jurisdiction over the premarket development, review and approval of the combination product. Accordingly, we plan to continue to investigate our products through the Investigational New Drug ("IND") framework and seek approval through the New Drug Application ("NDA") or Biologics License Applications ("BLA") pathway. Based on our discussions with the FDA to date, we do not anticipate that the FDA will require a separate medical device authorization for the device component of our combination products, but this could change during the course of its review of any marketing application that we may submit. The process required by the FDA before a drug or biologic may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 
 Table of Contents 

 Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: 
 Table of Contents 

 with CGMPs to assure and preserve the product s identity, strength, quality, and purity. The FDA may refer applications for novel drug or biological products or drug or biological products which present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. The FDA will likely re-analyze the clinical trial data, which could result in extensive discussions between the FDA and us during the review process. The review and evaluation of an NDA or BLA by the FDA is extensive and time consuming and may take longer than originally planned to complete, and we may not receive a timely approval, if at all. 
 Before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA may conduct a pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facilities for the new product to determine whether they comply with CGMPs. The FDA will not approve the product unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with CGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. In addition, before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA may also audit data from clinical trials to ensure compliance with GCP requirements. After the FDA evaluates the application, manufacturing process, and manufacturing facilities, it may issue an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug or biologic with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A Complete Response Letter indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete and the application will not be approved in its present form. A Complete Response Letter usually describes all the specific deficiencies in the NDA or BLA identified by the FDA. The Complete Response Letter may require additional clinical data and/or an additional pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial(s), and/or other significant and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials, nonclinical studies, or manufacturing. If a Complete Response Letter is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the NDA or BLA, addressing all the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application. Even if such data and information are submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the NDA or BLA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. Data obtained from clinical trials are not always conclusive, and the FDA may interpret data differently than we interpret the same data. 
 There is no assurance that the FDA will ultimately approve a product for marketing in the United States, and we may encounter significant difficulties or costs during the review process. If a product receives marketing approval, the approval may be significantly limited to specific diseases and dosages or the indications for use may otherwise be limited, which could restrict the commercial value of the product. Further, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings, or precautions be included in the product labeling or may condition the approval of the NDA or BLA on other changes to the proposed labeling, development of adequate controls and specifications, or a commitment to conduct post-market testing or clinical trials and surveillance to monitor the effects of approved products. For example, the FDA may require Phase 4 clinical trials to further assess drug safety and effectiveness and may require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the safety of approved products that have been commercialized. The FDA may also place other conditions on approvals including the requirement for a REMS to assure the safe use of the drug. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the NDA must submit a proposed REMS; the FDA will not approve the NDA without an approved REMS, if required. A REMS could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries, and other risk minimization tools. Any of these limitations on approval or marketing could restrict the commercial promotion, distribution, prescription, or dispensing of products. Product approvals may be withdrawn for non-compliance with regulatory requirements or if problems occur following initial marketing. 
 Section 505(b)(2) NDAs 
 NDAs for most new drug products are based on at least two adequate and well-controlled clinical studies and must contain substantial evidence of the safety and effectiveness of the proposed new product for the proposed use. These applications are submitted under Section 505(b)(1) of the FDCA. The FDA is authorized, however, to approve an alternative type of NDA under Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA. This type of application allows the applicant to rely, in part, on the FDA s previous findings of safety and effectiveness for a similar product, or published literature. Specifically, Section 505(b)(2) applies to NDAs for a drug for which the investigations relied upon by the applicant for approval of the application were not conducted by or for the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference or use from the person by or for whom the investigations were conducted. 
 Thus, Section 505(b)(2) authorizes the FDA to approve an NDA based on safety and effectiveness data that were not developed by the applicant. NDAs filed under Section 505(b)(2) may provide an alternative and potentially more expeditious pathway to FDA approval for new or improved formulations or new uses of previously approved products. If the 505(b)(2) applicant can establish that reliance on the FDA s previous approval is scientifically appropriate, the applicant may eliminate the need to conduct certain preclinical or clinical studies of the new product. The FDA may also require companies to perform additional studies or measurements to support the change from the approved product. The FDA may then approve the new drug candidate for all or some of the labeled indications for which the referenced product has been approved, as well as for any new indication sought by the Section 505(b)(2) applicant. 
 Abbreviated New Drug Applications for Generic Drugs 
 In 1984, with passage of the Hatch-Waxman Amendments to the FDCA, Congress established an abbreviated regulatory scheme authorizing the FDA to approve generic drugs that are shown to contain the same active ingredients as, and to be bioequivalent to, drugs previously approved by the FDA pursuant to NDAs. To obtain approval of a generic drug, an applicant must submit an abbreviated new drug application ("ANDA") to the agency. An ANDA is a comprehensive submission that contains, among other things, data and information pertaining to the active pharmaceutical ingredient, bioequivalence, drug product formulation, 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 specifications and stability of the generic drug, as well as analytical methods, manufacturing process validation data and quality control procedures. ANDAs are abbreviated because they generally do not include preclinical and clinical data to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. Instead, in support of such applications, a generic manufacturer may rely on the preclinical and clinical testing previously conducted for a drug product previously approved under an NDA, known as the reference-listed drug ("RLD"). 
 Specifically, in order for an ANDA to be approved, the FDA must find that the generic version is the same as the RLD with respect to the active ingredients, the route of administration, the dosage form, the strength of the drug and the conditions of use of the drug. At the same time, the FDA must also determine that the generic drug is bioequivalent to the innovator drug. Under the statute, a generic drug is bioequivalent to an RLD if the rate and extent of absorption of the drug do not show a significant difference from the rate and extent of absorption of the RLD. Upon approval of an ANDA, the FDA indicates whether the generic product is therapeutically equivalent to the RLD in its publication Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, also referred to as the Orange Book. Physicians and pharmacists consider a therapeutic equivalent generic drug to be fully substitutable for the RLD. In addition, by operation of certain state laws and numerous health insurance programs, the FDA s designation of therapeutic equivalence often results in substitution of the generic drug without the knowledge or consent of either the prescribing physician or patient. 
 Under the Hatch-Waxman Amendments, the FDA may not approve an ANDA until any applicable period of non-patent exclusivity for the RLD has expired. The FDCA provides a period of five years of non-patent data exclusivity for a new drug containing a new chemical entity. For the purposes of this provision, a new chemical entity ("NCE") is a drug that contains no active moiety, which is the molecule or ion responsible for the physiological or pharmacological action of the drug substance, that has previously been approved by the FDA in any other NDA. In cases where such NCE exclusivity has been granted, an ANDA may not be filed with the FDA until the expiration of five years unless the submission is accompanied by a Paragraph IV certification, which states that the proposed drug will not infringe the already approved product s listed patents or that such patents are invalid or unenforceable, in which case the applicant may submit its application four years following the original product approval. 
 The FDCA also provides for a period of three years of exclusivity if the NDA includes reports of one or more new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability or bioequivalence studies, that were conducted by or for the applicant and are essential to the approval of the application. This three-year exclusivity period often protects changes to a previously approved drug product, such as a new dosage form, route of administration, combination or indication. Three-year exclusivity would be available for a drug product that contains a previously approved active moiety, provided the statutory requirement for a new clinical investigation is satisfied. Unlike five-year NCE exclusivity, an award of three-year exclusivity does not block the FDA from accepting ANDAs seeking approval for generic versions of the drug as of the date of approval of the original drug product. The FDA typically makes decisions about awards of data exclusivity shortly before a product is approved. 
 Pursuant to the Food and Drug Administration Reauthorization Act of 2017, the FDA must establish a priority review track for certain generic drugs, requiring the FDA to review a drug application within eight (8) months for a drug that has three (3) or fewer approved drugs listed in the Orange Book and is no longer protected by any patent or regulatory exclusivities, or is on the FDA s drug shortage list. The new legislation also authorizes FDA to expedite review of competitive generic therapies or drugs with inadequate generic competition, including holding meetings with or providing advice to the drug sponsor prior to submission of the application. 
 Marketing Exclusivity for Biological Products 
 An abbreviated approval pathway for biological products shown to be biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product was created by the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 ("BPCI Act"). This amendment to the PHSA, in part, attempts to minimize duplicative testing. Biosimilarity, which requires that the biological product be highly similar to the reference product notwithstanding minor differences in clinically inactive components and that there be no clinically meaningful differences between the product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity, and potency, can be shown through analytical studies, animal studies, and a clinical trial or trials. Interchangeability requires that a biological product be biosimilar to the reference product and that the product can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product in any given patient and, for products administered multiple times to an individual, that the product and the reference product may be alternated or switched after one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biological product without such alternation or switch. 
 A reference biological product is granted 12 years of data exclusivity from the time of first licensure of the product, and the FDA will not accept an application for a biosimilar or interchangeable product based on the reference biological product until four years after the date of first licensure of the reference product. First licensure typically means the initial date the particular product at issue was licensed in the United States. Date of first licensure does not include the date of licensure of (and a new period of exclusivity is not available for) a biological product if the licensure is for a supplement for the biological product or for a subsequent application by the same sponsor or manufacturer of the biological product (or licensor, predecessor in interest, or other related entity) for a change (not including a modification to the structure of the biological product) that results in a new indication, route of administration, dosing schedule, dosage form, delivery system, delivery device or strength, or for a modification to the structure of the biological product that does not result in a change in safety, purity, or potency. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Hatch-Waxman Patent Certification and the 30-Month Stay 
 Upon approval of an NDA, including a 505(b)(2) NDA, or a supplement thereto, NDA sponsors are required to list with the FDA each patent with claims that cover the applicant s product or an approved method of using the product. Each of the patents listed by the NDA sponsor is published in the Orange Book. When an ANDA applicant files its application with the FDA, the applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the reference product in the Orange Book, except for patents covering methods of use for which the ANDA applicant is not seeking approval. To the extent that the Section 505(b)(2) applicant relies on studies conducted for an already approved product, the applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the approved product in the Orange Book to the same extent that an ANDA applicant would. 
 Specifically, the applicant must certify with respect to each patent that: 
 Table of Contents 

 A combination product with a drug primary mode of action generally would be reviewed and approved pursuant to the drug approval processes under the FDCA. In reviewing the NDA or 505(b)(2) application for such a product, however, FDA reviewers in the drug center could consult with their counterparts in the device center to ensure that the device component of the combination product met applicable requirements regarding safety, effectiveness, durability and performance. In addition, under FDA regulations, combination products are subject to CGMP requirements applicable to both drugs and devices, including the Quality System ("QS") regulations applicable to medical devices. 
 Drug-device combination products present unique challenges for competitors seeking approval of an ANDA for generic versions of combination products. Generally, the FDA reviews both the drug and device constituents of a proposed generic product to determine whether it is the same as the innovator product, including whether the basic design and operating principles of the device component are the same and whether minor differences require significant differences in labeling for safe and effective use. If FDA determines that the device component of the proposed generic product is not the same in terms of performance and critical design, or that the labeling is not the same, it generally will not approve the ANDA. Likewise, if the FDA determines that certain clinical studies, such as clinical usability or human factors studies, are necessary to demonstrate the safety and/or effectiveness of the device component, the FDA generally will not accept or approve an ANDA for a combination product and will instead require the submission of a full NDA or 505(b)(2) application. 
 Post-Marketing Requirements 
 Any products for which we receive FDA approval are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, monitoring and recordkeeping activities, reporting to the applicable regulatory authorities of adverse events with the product, providing the applicable regulatory authorities with updated safety and efficacy information, and product sampling and distribution requirements in accordance with the Prescription Drug Marketing Act ("PDMA"), a part of the FDCA, as well as the Drug Supply Chain Security Act ("DSCSA"). The PDMA, its implementing regulations and state laws limit the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical product samples, and the DSCSA imposes requirements to ensure accountability in distribution and to identify and remove counterfeit and other illegitimate products from the market. Moreover, each component of a combination product retains its regulatory status (as a drug or device, for example) and is subject to the requirements established by the FDA for that type of component. The FDA strictly regulates labeling, advertising, promotion and other types of information on products that are placed on the market. 
 Prescription drug and biologic advertising is subject to federal, state and foreign regulations. In the United States, the FDA regulates prescription drug and biologic promotion and advertising, including direct-to-consumer advertising. Prescription drug and biologic promotional materials must be submitted to the FDA in conjunction with their first use. In addition, a pharmaceutical company must comply with restrictions on promoting drugs and biologics for uses or in patient populations that are not described in the drug s or biologic's approved labeling (known as off-label use ), limitations on industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities, and requirements for promotional activities involving the internet. Although physicians may prescribe legally available drugs or biologics for off-label uses, manufacturers are prohibited from marketing or promoting such off-label uses. 
 In the United States, once a product is approved, its manufacture is subject to comprehensive and continuing regulation by the FDA. The FDA regulations require that combination products be manufactured in specific approved facilities and in accordance with CGMPs applicable to drugs, biologics and devices, including certain QS requirements. We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the production of clinical and commercial quantities of our products in accordance with CGMP regulations. CGMP regulations require among other things, quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation and the obligation to investigate and correct any deviations from CGMP. Drug and biologics manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs or biologics are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with CGMPs and other laws. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain CGMP compliance. These regulations also impose certain organizational, procedural and documentation requirements with respect to manufacturing and quality assurance activities. NDA or BLA holders using contract manufacturers, laboratories or packagers are responsible for the selection and monitoring of qualified firms, and, in certain circumstances, qualified suppliers to these firms. These firms and, where applicable, their suppliers are subject to inspections by the FDA at any time, and the discovery of violative conditions, including failure to conform to CGMPs, could result in enforcement actions that interrupt the operation of any such facilities or the ability to distribute products manufactured, processed or tested by them. Discovery of problems with a product after approval may result in restrictions on a product, manufacturer, or holder of an approved NDA or BLA, including, among other things, recall or withdrawal of the product from the market. 
 The FDA also may require post-marketing testing, known as Phase 4 testing or REMS and surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product or place conditions on an approval that could restrict the distribution or use of the product. Discovery of previously unknown problems with a product or the failure to comply with applicable FDA requirements can have negative consequences, including adverse publicity, judicial or administrative enforcement, untitled or warning letters from the FDA, mandated corrective advertising or communications with doctors, and civil or criminal penalties, among others. Newly discovered or developed safety or effectiveness data may require changes to a product s approved labeling, including the addition of new warnings and contraindications, and may require the implementation of other risk management measures. Also, new government requirements, 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 including those resulting from new legislation, may be established, or the FDA s policies may change, which could delay or prevent regulatory approval of our products under development and impact approved products already on the market. 
 Other Regulatory Matters 
 The distribution of pharmaceutical products is subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive record-keeping, licensing, storage and security requirements intended to prevent the unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical products. 
 The failure to comply with regulatory requirements subjects firms to possible legal or regulatory action. Depending on the circumstances, failure to meet applicable regulatory requirements can result in criminal prosecution, fines or other penalties, injunctions, voluntary recall, seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, denial or withdrawal of product approvals, exclusion from federal healthcare programs, or refusal to allow a firm to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts. In addition, even if a firm complies with FDA and other requirements, new information regarding the safety or effectiveness of a product could lead the FDA to modify or withdraw product approval. Prohibitions or restrictions on sales or withdrawal of future products marketed by us could materially affect our business in an adverse way. 
 Changes in regulations, statutes or the interpretation of existing regulations could impact our business in the future by requiring, for example: (i) changes to our manufacturing arrangements; (ii) additions or modifications to product labeling; (iii) the voluntary recall or discontinuation of our products; or (iv) additional record-keeping requirements. If any such changes were to be imposed, they could adversely affect the operation of our business. 
 Orphan Designation and Exclusivity 
 The FDA may grant orphan drug designation to drugs intended to treat a rare disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States. Alternatively, orphan drug designation may be available if the disease or the condition affects more than 200,000 individuals in the United States and there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making the drug for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales in the United States. 
 Orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages, and user-fee waivers. If a product with orphan designation receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such designation or for a select indication or use within the rare disease or condition for which it was designated, the product generally will receive orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan drug exclusivity means that the FDA may not approve another sponsor s marketing application for the same drug for the same condition for seven years, except in certain limited circumstances. Orphan exclusivity does not block the approval of a different drug for the same rare disease or condition, nor does it block the approval of the same drug for different conditions. If a drug designated as an orphan drug ultimately receives marketing approval for an indication broader than what was designated in its orphan drug application, it may not be entitled to exclusivity. 
 Orphan drug exclusivity will not bar approval of another product with the same drug for the same condition under certain circumstances, including if a subsequent product with the same drug for the same condition is shown to be clinically superior to the approved product on the basis of greater efficacy or safety, or providing a major contribution to patient care, or if the company with orphan drug exclusivity cannot assure the availability of sufficient quantities of the drug to meet the needs of persons with the disease or condition for which the drug was designated. 
 Pediatric Studies and Exclusivity 
 Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act of 2003, as amended, an NDA or supplement thereto must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations, and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. A sponsor who is planning to submit a marketing application for a drug product that includes a new active ingredient, new indication, new dosage form, new dosing regimen or new route of administration must submit an initial Pediatric Study Plan ("PSP") within sixty days of an end-of-Phase 2 meeting or as may be agreed between the sponsor and the FDA. The initial PSP must include an outline of the pediatric study or studies that the sponsor plans to conduct, including study objectives and design, age groups, relevant endpoints and statistical approach, or a justification for not including such detailed information, and any request for a deferral of pediatric assessments or a full or partial waiver of the requirement to provide data from pediatric studies along with supporting information. The FDA may, on its own initiative or at the request of the applicant, grant deferrals for submission of some or all pediatric data until after approval of the product for use in adults or full or partial waivers if certain criteria are met. The FDA and the sponsor must reach agreement on the PSP. A sponsor can submit amendments to an agreed-upon initial PSP at any time if changes to the pediatric plan need to be considered based on data collected from preclinical studies, early phase clinical trials, and/or other clinical development programs. The requirements for pediatric data generally do not apply to drugs or biologics for an indication for which orphan designation has been granted. 
 Pediatric exclusivity is another type of non-patent exclusivity in the United States and, if granted, provides for the attachment of an additional six months of marketing protection to the term of any existing regulatory exclusivity, including the non-patent five-year and three-year and orphan exclusivity. This six-month exclusivity may be granted if an NDA or BLA sponsor submits pediatric data that fairly respond to a written request from the FDA for such data. The data do not need to show the product to be effective in the 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 pediatric population studied; rather, if the clinical trial is deemed to fairly respond to the FDA s request, the additional protection is granted. If reports of FDA-requested pediatric studies are submitted to and accepted by the FDA within the statutory time limits, whatever statutory or regulatory periods of exclusivity or patent protection cover the product are extended by six months. This is not a patent term extension, but it effectively extends the regulatory period during which the FDA cannot approve another application. 
 Expedited Review and Approval Programs 
 A sponsor may seek approval of its product candidate under programs designed to accelerate the FDA s review and approval of new drugs and biological products that meet certain criteria. Specifically, new drugs and biological products are eligible for Fast Track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for that disease or condition. For a Fast Track product, the FDA may consider sections of the NDA or BLA for review on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted if relevant criteria are met. In October 2020, we were granted Fast Track designation by the FDA for our novel formulation of diazepam. 
 A product candidate may also qualify for priority review, under which the FDA generally sets the target date for FDA action on the NDA or BLA that is subject to PDUFA goals at six months after the FDA accepts the application for filing, or for drugs that are not new chemical entities, six months after the FDA receives the application. Priority review is granted when there is evidence that the proposed product would be a significant improvement in the safety or effectiveness of the treatment, diagnosis, or prevention of a serious condition. If criteria are not met for priority review, the application is subject to the standard FDA PDUFA review period of ten months after the FDA accepts the application for filing, or for drugs that are not new chemical entities, ten months after FDA receives the application. Priority review designation does not change the scientific or medical standard for approval or the quality of evidence necessary to support approval. 
 Under the accelerated approval program, the FDA may approve an NDA or BLA on the basis of either a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. Post-marketing studies or completion of ongoing studies after regulatory approvals are generally required to verify the drug or biologic s clinical benefit in relationship to the surrogate endpoint or ultimate outcome in relationship to the clinical benefit. Under the Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act of 2022, FDORA ), the FDA is now permitted to require, as appropriate, that such trials be underway prior to approval or within a specific time period after the date of approval for a product granted accelerated approval. Sponsors are also required to send updates to the FDA every 180 days on the status of such studies, including progress toward enrollment targets, and the FDA must promptly post this information publicly. Under FDORA, the FDA has increased authority for expedited procedures to withdraw approval of a drug or indication approved under accelerated approval if, for example, the sponsor fails to conduct such studies in a timely manner and send the necessary updates to the FDA, or if a confirmatory trial fails to verify the predicted clinical benefit of the product. 
 The FDA also may designate a product candidate as a Breakthrough Therapy if it is intended, either alone or in combination with one or more other products, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. Breakthrough Therapy designation includes all of the Fast Track program features, as well as more intensive FDA interaction and guidance. The Breakthrough Therapy designation is a distinct status from both accelerated approval and priority review, which also can be granted to the same drug or biologic if relevant criteria are met. If a product is designated as Breakthrough Therapy, the FDA will work to expedite the development and review of such product. 
 Fast Track designation, Breakthrough Therapy designation and priority review do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. Even if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. 
 Regulations and Procedures Governing Approval of Medicinal Products in the European Union 
 In order to market any product outside the United States, a company must also comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of other countries and jurisdictions regarding quality, safety, and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical trials, marketing authorization, pricing, commercial sales and distribution of products. Whether or not it obtains FDA approval for a product, an applicant will need to obtain the necessary approvals by the comparable non-United States regulatory authorities before it can commence clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries or jurisdictions. Specifically, the process governing approval of medicinal products in the EU generally follows the same lines as in the United States. It entails satisfactory completion of pharmaceutical development, pre-clinical studies, and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the medicinal product for each proposed indication. It also requires the submission to the relevant competent authorities for clinical trials authorization and to such competent authorities or the European Medicines Agency ("EMA") of a marketing authorisation application ("MAA") and granting of a marketing authorization before the product can be marketed and sold in the EU. Similar requirements are necessary to conduct clinical trials in the United Kingdom, with the submission of an MAA to the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency MHRA ), the UK medicines regulator for marketing authorization. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Clinical Trial Approval 
 In April 2014, the EU adopted the new Clinical Trials Regulation (EU) No 536/2014 ("CTR"), which replaced the Clinical Trials Directive. The CTR entered into application on January 31, 2022. The transitory provisions of the CTR provide that, by January 31, 2025, all ongoing clinical trials must have transitioned to the CTR. The CTR overhauled the system of approvals for clinical trials in the EU. Specifically, the new legislation, which is directly applicable in all EU Member States (meaning no national implementing legislation in each Member State is required), aims at simplifying and streamlining the approval of clinical trials in the EU, simplifying adverse-event reporting procedures, improving the supervision of clinical trials and increasing their transparency. For instance, the CTR provides for a streamlined application procedure via a single-entry point (through the Clinical Trials Information System CTIS )) and strictly defined deadlines for the assessment of clinical trial applications. Parties conducting certain clinical trials must, as in the United States, post clinical trial information in the EU through the CTIS. 
 Marketing Authorization 
 To obtain a marketing authorization for a product in the EU, an applicant must submit an MAA either under a centralized procedure administered by the EMA, or one of the procedures administered by competent authorities in the EU Member States (decentralized procedure, national procedure or mutual recognition procedure). The centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single marketing authorization by the European Commission that is valid throughout the EU, and in the additional Member States of the European Economic Area ("EEA") (i.e. Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway). Pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 726/2004, the centralized procedure is compulsory for specific products, including for medicines produced by certain biotechnological processes, products designated as orphan medicinal products, advanced therapy medicinal products (gene-therapy, somatic cell-therapy or tissue-engineered medicines), and products with a new active substance indicated for the treatment of HIV, AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, auto-immune and other immune dysfunctions, and viral diseases. The centralized procedure is optional for products containing a new active substance not yet authorized in the EU, or for products that constitute a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation or which are in the interest of public health in the EU. 
 National marketing authorizations, which are issued by the competent authorities of the Member States of the EU and only cover their respective territory, are available for products not falling within the mandatory scope of the centralized procedure. Where a product has already been authorized for marketing in a Member State of the EU, this national authorization can be recognized in other Member States through the mutual recognition procedure. If the product has not received a national authorization in any Member State at the time of application, it can be approved simultaneously in various Member States through the decentralized procedure. 
 Now that the UK has left the EU, Great Britain is no longer covered by centralized marketing authorizations (under the Northern Ireland Protocol, centralized marketing authorizations continue to be recognized in Northern Ireland). All medicinal products with an existing centralized marketing authorization were automatically converted to Great Britain marketing authorizations on January 1, 2021. For a period of three years from January 1, 2021, the MHRA may rely on a decision taken by the European Commission on the approval of a new marketing authorization in the centralized procedure, in order to more quickly grant a new Great Britain marketing authorization. A separate application will, however, still be required. On January 24, 2023, the MHRA announced that a new international recognition framework will be put in place from January 1, 2024, which will have regard to decisions on the approval of marketing authorizations made by the EMA and certain other regulators when determining an application for a new Great Britain marketing authorization. The MHRA also has the power to have regard to marketing authorizations approved in EU Member States through decentralized or mutual recognition procedures with a view to more quickly granting a marketing authorization in the UK or Great Britain. 
 Data and Market Exclusivity 
 In the EU, innovative medicinal products approved on the basis of a complete and independent data package qualify for eight years of data exclusivity upon marketing authorization and an additional two years of market exclusivity. Data exclusivity, if granted, prevents applicants for authorization of generics or biosimilars of these innovative products from referencing the innovator s pre-clinical and clinical trial data contained in the dossier of the reference product when applying for a generic or biosimilar marketing authorization in the EU, during a period of eight years from the date on which the reference product was first authorized in the EU. During an additional two-year period of market exclusivity, a generic or biosimilar MAA can be submitted and authorized, and the innovator s data may be referenced, but no generic or biosimilar medicinal product can be placed on the EU market until the expiration of the market exclusivity. The overall ten-year period will be extended to a maximum of 11 years if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the marketing authorization holder obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are held to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with existing therapies. There is no guarantee that a product will be considered by the EMA to be an innovative medicinal product, and products may not qualify for data exclusivity. Even if a product is considered to be an innovative medicinal product so that the innovator gains the prescribed period of data exclusivity, another company nevertheless could also market another version of the product if such company obtained a marketing authorization based on an MAA with a complete and independent data package of pharmaceutical tests, preclinical tests and clinical trials. 
 Periods of Authorization and Renewals 
 A marketing authorization has an initial validity for five years in principle. The marketing authorization may be renewed after five years on the basis of a re-evaluation of the risk-benefit balance by the EMA (for a centrally authorized product) or by the competent authority of the relevant EU Member State (for a nationally authorized product). To this end, the marketing authorization holder must 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 provide the EMA or the competent authority with a consolidated version of the file in respect of quality, safety and efficacy, including all variations introduced since the marketing authorization was granted, at least nine months before the marketing authorization ceases to be valid. The European Commission or the competent authorities of the EU Member States may decide, on justified grounds relating to pharmacovigilance, to proceed with one further five-year period of marketing authorization. Once subsequently definitively renewed, the marketing authorization shall be valid for an unlimited period. Any authorization which is not followed by the actual placing of the medicinal product on the EU market (in case of centralized procedure) or on the market of the authorizing EU Member State (for a nationally authorized product) within three years after authorization, or if the product is removed from the market for three consecutive years, ceases to be valid (the so-called sunset clause). 
 Regulatory Requirements After a Marketing Authorization has been Obtained 
 Where an authorization for a medicinal product in the EU is obtained, the holder of the marketing authorization is required to comply with a range of requirements applicable to the manufacturing, marketing, promotion and sale of medicinal products. These include: 
 Table of Contents 

 Table of Contents 

 impose other marketing restrictions or require pharmaceutical companies to make marketing or price disclosures to the state. There are ambiguities as to what is required to comply with these state requirements, and if we fail to comply with an applicable state law requirement, we could be subject to penalties. Finally, there are state and non-United States laws governing the privacy and security of health information, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. 
 Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including penalties, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment and/or exclusion or suspension from federal and state healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid and debarment from contracting with the United States government. In addition, private individuals have the ability to bring actions on behalf of the United States government under the federal False Claims Act as well as under the false claims laws of several states. 
 Law enforcement authorities are increasingly focused on enforcing these laws, and it is possible that some of our practices may be challenged under these laws. Efforts to ensure that our current and future business arrangements with third parties, and our business generally, will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices, including our arrangements with physicians and other healthcare providers, may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, imprisonment, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. In addition, the approval and commercialization of any of our drug candidates outside the United States also will likely subject us to non-United States equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other non-United States laws. 
 If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business are found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs, which also may adversely affect our business. 
 We may also be subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. From time to time and in the future, our operations may involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials, and may also produce hazardous waste products. Even if we contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and waste products, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of contamination or injury resulting from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from the use or disposal of our hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties for failure to comply with such laws and regulations. 
 We maintain workers compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees, but this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. However, we do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us. 
 In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Current or future environmental laws and regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. In addition, failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 
 In the United States, to help patients afford our approved product, we may utilize programs to assist them, including patient assistance programs ("PAPs") and copay coupon programs for eligible patients. PAPs are regulated by and subject to guidance from CMS Office of Inspector General's ("OIG"). In addition, at least one insurer has directed its network pharmacies to no longer accept copay coupons for certain specialty drugs the insurer identified. Our copay coupon programs could become the target of similar insurer actions. In addition, in November 2013, the CMS issued guidance to the issuers of qualified health plans sold through the ACA s marketplaces encouraging such plans to reject patient cost-sharing support from third parties and indicating that the CMS intends to monitor the provision of such support and may take regulatory action to limit it in the future. The CMS subsequently issued a rule requiring individual market qualified health plans to accept third-party premium and cost-sharing payments from certain government-related entities. In September 2014, the OIG of the HHS issued a Special Advisory Bulletin warning manufacturers that they may be subject to sanctions under the federal anti-kickback statute and/or civil monetary penalty laws if they do not take appropriate steps to exclude Part D beneficiaries from using copay coupons. Accordingly, companies exclude these Part D beneficiaries from using copay coupons. 
 On December 2, 2020, the HHS published a regulation removing safe harbor protection for price reductions from pharmaceutical manufacturers to plan sponsors under Part D, either directly or through pharmacy benefit managers ("PBMs"), unless the price reduction is required by law. The rule also creates a new safe harbor for price reductions reflected at the point-of-sale, as well as a safe harbor for certain fixed fee arrangements between PBMs and manufacturers. Implementation of this change and new safe harbors for point-of-sale reductions in price for prescription pharmaceutical products and PBMs service fees are currently under review by the 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 current United States presidential administration and may be amended or repealed. Further, on December 31, 2020, CMS published a new rule, effective January 1, 2023, requiring manufacturers to ensure the full value of copay assistance is passed on to the patient or these dollars will count toward the Average Manufacturer Price and Best Price calculation of the drug. On May 21, 2021, Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America ("PhRMA") sued the HHS in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, to stop the implementation of the rule claiming that the rule contradicts federal law surrounding Medicaid rebates. On May 17, 2022, the United States District Court for the District of Columbia granted the PhRMA's motion for summary judgement invalidating the Accumulator Rule. It is unclear how the outcome of this litigation will affect the rule. We cannot predict how the implementation of and any further changes to this rule will affect our business. 
 Healthcare Reform 
 A primary trend in the United States healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Government authorities and other third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medical products. For example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 ("ACA") was enacted in the United States. The ACA includes measures that have significantly changed, and are expected to continue to significantly change, the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers. Among the provisions of the ACA of greatest importance to the pharmaceutical industry are that the ACA: 
 Table of Contents 

 Table of Contents 

 Coverage and Reimbursement 
 Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any product candidate for which we obtain regulatory approval. In the United States and markets in other countries, sales of any product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend, in part, on the availability of coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors. Third-party payors include government authorities, managed care providers, private health insurers and other organizations. The process for determining whether a payor will provide coverage for a product may be separate from the process for setting the reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the product. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, or formulary, which might not include all of the FDA-approved products for a particular indication. A decision by a third-party payor not to cover our products or product candidates could reduce physician utilization of our products once approved and have a material adverse effect on our sales, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, a payor s decision to provide coverage for a product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. 
 In addition, coverage and reimbursement for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. One third-party payor s decision to cover a particular pharmaceutical drug product or service does not ensure that other payors will also provide coverage for the pharmaceutical drug product or service or will provide coverage at an adequate reimbursement rate. As a result, the coverage determination process will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately and will be a time-consuming process. 
 Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price and examining the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of pharmaceutical drug products and services, in addition to their safety and efficacy. In order to obtain and maintain coverage and reimbursement for any product, we may need to conduct expensive clinical trials in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of such product, in addition to the costs required to obtain regulatory approvals. Our products may not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective. If third-party payors do not consider a product to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies, they may not cover the product as a benefit under their plans or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow a company to sell its products at a profit. 
 The United States government, state legislatures and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost containment programs to limit the growth of government-paid healthcare costs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products for branded prescription drugs. For example, the ACA contains provisions that may reduce the profitability of drug products through increased rebates for drugs reimbursed by Medicaid programs, extension of Medicaid rebates to Medicaid managed care plans, mandatory discounts for certain Medicare Part D beneficiaries and annual fees based on pharmaceutical companies share of sales to federal healthcare programs. Adoption of general controls and measures, coupled with the tightening of restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could limit payments for pharmaceutical drugs. 
 The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 ("MMA") established the Medicare Part D program to provide a voluntary prescription drug benefit to Medicare beneficiaries. Under Part D, Medicare beneficiaries may enroll in prescription drug plans offered by private entities that provide coverage of outpatient prescription drugs. While all Medicare drug plans must give at least a standard level of coverage set by Medicare, Part D prescription drug plan sponsors are not required to pay for all covered Part D drugs, and each drug plan can develop its own drug formulary that identifies which drugs it will cover and at what tier or level. However, Part D prescription drug formularies must include drugs within each therapeutic category and class of covered Part D drugs, though not necessarily all the drugs in each category or class. Any formulary used by a Part D prescription drug plan must be developed and reviewed by a pharmacy and therapeutic committee. Any negotiated prices for any of our products covered by a Part D prescription drug plan will likely be lower than the prices we might otherwise obtain. Moreover, while the MMA applies only to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private payors often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own payment rates. Any reduction in payment that results from the MMA may result in a similar reduction in payments from non-governmental payors. 
 In addition, there have been several changes to the 340B drug pricing program, which imposes ceilings on prices that drug manufacturers can charge for medications sold to certain health care facilities. On December 27, 2018, the District Court for the District of Columbia invalidated a reimbursement formula change under the 340B drug pricing program, and CMS subsequently altered the Fiscal Years 2019 and 2018 reimbursement formula on specified covered outpatient drugs SCODs ). The court ruled this change was not an adjustment which was within the Secretary s discretion to make but was instead a fundamental change in the reimbursement calculation. However, most recently, on July 31, 2020, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit overturned the district court s decision and found that the changes were within the Secretary s authority. On September 14, 2020, the plaintiffs-appellees filed a Petition for Rehearing En Banc (i.e., before the full court), but was denied on October 16, 2020. Plaintiffs-appellees filed a petition for a writ of certiorari at the Supreme Court on February 10, 2021. On Friday July 2, 2021, the Supreme Court granted the petition. On June 15, 2022, the Supreme Court unanimously reversed the Court of Appeals decision, holding that HHS s 2018 and 2019 reimbursement rates for 340B hospitals were contrary to the statute and unlawful. It is unclear how these developments could affect covered hospitals who might purchase our future products and affect the rates we may charge such facilities for our approved products in the future, if any. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 provides funding for the federal government to compare the effectiveness of different treatments for the same illness. The plan for the research was published in 2012 by HHS, the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality and the National Institutes for Health, and periodic reports on the status of the research and related expenditures are made to Congress. Although the results of the comparative effectiveness studies are not intended to mandate coverage policies for public or private payors, it is not clear what effect, if any, the research will have on the sales of our drugs, if any such drug or the condition that they are intended to treat are the subject of a trial. It also is possible that comparative effectiveness research demonstrating benefits in a competitor s drug could adversely affect the sales of our drugs after approval. If third-party payors do not consider our drugs to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies, they may not cover our drugs after approval as a benefit under their plans or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow us to sell our drugs on a profitable basis. 
 These laws and future state and federal healthcare reform measures may be adopted in the future, any of which may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding and otherwise affect the prices we may obtain for any of our products or product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval or the frequency with which any such product is prescribed or used. 
 As noted above, the marketability of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and third-party payors fail to provide adequate coverage and reimbursement. We expect that an increasing emphasis on cost containment measures in the United States will continue to increase the pressure on pharmaceutical pricing. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more of our products or product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 355 full-time employees in the United States, 219 of whom were primarily engaged in sales and marketing, 90 of whom were primarily engaged in general administration, and 46 of whom were primarily engaged in product development and research. 
 We believe our success will depend on, among other things, our ability to continue to hire and retain the necessary qualified personnel across all departments in our organization, as we expand the commercialization of our products. Our President and Chief Operating Officer and Vice President, Human Resources are responsible for developing and executing our human capital strategy. This includes the attraction, acquisition, development and engagement of talent to deliver on the Company s strategy. the executive management team regularly updates our board of directors and its committees on the operation and status of our human capital trends and activities. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 We are committed to building a company that provides an inclusive environment where we invite and encourage diverse perspectives, ideas, and people. With that goal in mind, we have established a committee comprised of employees and sponsored by key executive team members to continue building a strategic plan designed to promote a diverse and inclusive work environment. We believe these initiatives and a workforce with diverse backgrounds, experiences and viewpoints will continue to bring innovative solutions to the Company. In addition, we have sought to implement recruiting practices and to work with recruiting partners who can help us best identify and attract diverse candidates. We continue to expand our systems to track key human capital metrics such as demographics, diversity, compensation and benefits, and engagement and to think of new ways to best support our female and underrepresented employees to help advance their careers. 
 Training and Talent Development 
 We believe that our employees are the key to our success, and we believe their development is what drives our growth and prosperity as a company. To support employee development, as well as plan for short and long term business success, we review and update a company succession plan regularly and we offer a number of development opportunities for our employees through various methods. Our succession plan is reviewed with the board annually. In addition, upon joining the company, all new employees are required to become familiar with our policies, including our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Employee Handbook, and complete compliance training, and existing employees are required to acknowledge current policies annually. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 An important part of attracting and retaining key talent is competitive pay and benefits. To ensure our compensation and benefits programs are competitive, we engage nationally recognized outside compensation and benefits consulting firms to independently evaluate the effectiveness of our programs and to provide benchmarking against our peers within the industry. Our pay for performance philosophy seeks to motivate and reward employees while accomplishing the Company s short and long-term strategic goals. As part of a robust performance management process, employees are evaluated both on what they accomplished and how they demonstrated our values. Annual salary increases and incentive bonuses are based on both individual and corporate performance factors. 
 As a long-term incentive, to encourage our employees to think like owners and share in the Company s long-term success, employees are granted equity in the form of stock options or restricted stock units and can elect to participate in our employee stock purchase plan. Employees are generally eligible for health insurance, paid and unpaid leaves including paid parental leave, paid caregiver leave, 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 retirement plans with an employer contribution match, life and disability/accident coverage, parking or commuter assistance, an employee assistance program providing mental health, legal and financial health resources, and a wellness reimbursement benefit . 
 Health and Safety 
 We are committed to the safety of our employees and the communities we serve. We provide regular health and safety training programs for employees, which includes, upon on-boarding, an overview during new hire orientation, as well as ongoing training throughout the year. Employees are trained on workplace safety, including security and inspection, work related injuries and emergency protocols as applicable for their role and work location. In addition, special health and safety training is conducted for laboratory staff. 
 Also, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we continue to quickly implement and evolve policies to protect our employees and provide solutions to enable our employees to manage their work and personal responsibilities. In addition, a Pandemic Response Team that was established at the outset of the pandemic, comprised of senior leaders, continue to help guide and direct activities associated with local governance and business requirements as the COVID-19 pandemic endured. Refer to "Impact of COVID-19" included in Item 7, "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for information on Human Capital Management actions taken by the Company in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Corporate Information 
 We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in 2005. Our principal offices are located at 180 N. LaSalle Street, Suite 1600, Chicago, Illinois 60601, and our telephone number is (844) 445-5704. In October 2022, the Company disclosed that it intends to relocate its corporate headquarters to 1375 West Fulton Street, Chicago, Illinois, in the first half of 2023. We completed our initial public offering of common stock in June 2018, and our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol XERS. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and are not considered part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Available Information 
 Our website address is www.xerispharma.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, including exhibits, proxy and information statements and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a), 14, and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act") are available through the Investors portion of our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Information on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any of our other securities filings unless specifically incorporated herein by reference. In addition, our filings with the SEC may be accessed through the SEC s Interactive Data Electronic Applications system at http://www.sec.gov . All statements made in any of our securities filings, including all forward-looking statements or information, are made as of the date of the document in which the statement is included, and we do not assume or undertake any obligation to update any of those statements or documents unless we are required to do so by law. 
 Our code of conduct, corporate governance guidelines and the charters of our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are available through our website at www.xerispharma.com. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Careful consideration should be given to the following risk factors, in evaluating us and our business. If any of the following risks and uncertainties actually occurs, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. The risks summarized and described below are not intended to be exhaustive and are not the only risks facing us. New risk factors can emerge from time to time, and it is not possible to predict the impact that any factor or combination of factors may have on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to our Financial Position and Need for Financing 
 Risks Related to Our Operating History 
 As a company, we have a limited operating history and limited experience commercializing pharmaceutical products and have incurred significant losses since inception. We expect to incur losses over the next few years and may not be able to achieve or sustain revenues or profitability in the future. 
 Historically, we have funded our operations primarily through private placements of convertible preferred stock, public offerings of common stock and convertible notes, and debt issuances. We have five pharmaceutical products that were commercially launched in the past six years, i.e., Keveyis (2017), Gvoke PFS (2019), Gvoke HypoPen (2020), Recorlev (2022) and Gvoke Kit (2022). We are in the early stages of commercializing our biopharmaceutical products and have a limited operating history. Biopharmaceutical product development is a highly speculative undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. Accordingly, you should consider our prospects in light of the costs, uncertainties, delays and difficulties frequently encountered by companies prior to and at the early stages of commercialization of any product candidates, especially biopharmaceutical companies such as ours. Any predictions you make about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history or a history of successfully commercializing biopharmaceutical products. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known or unknown factors in achieving our business objectives. We will need to successfully execute our commercialization strategy and may not be successful in doing so. We expect our financial condition and operating results to continue to fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly, you should not rely upon the results of any quarterly or annual periods as indications of future operating performance. 
 We have incurred significant losses in every fiscal year since inception. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we reported a net loss of 94.7 million and 122.7 million, respectively. In addition, our accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2022 was 554.8 million. 
 We expect to continue to incur significant operating expenses as we continue the commercialization of Gvoke, Keveyis and Recorlev, develop, enhance and commercialize new products, and incur additional operational and reporting costs associated with being a public company. In particular, we anticipate that we will continue to incur significant expenses as we: 
 Table of Contents 

 Table of Contents 

 by the terms of a base indenture for senior debt securities dated June 30, 2020 (the "Base Indenture"), as supplemented by the first supplemental indenture thereto dated June 30, 2020 and the second supplemental indenture thereto dated October 5, 2021 ("the Supplemental Indentures" and together with the Base Indenture, the "Indenture"), each between us and United States Bank National Association, as trustee. Failure to satisfy our current and future debt obligations under the Indenture could result in an event of default and, as a result, all of the amounts outstanding could immediately become due and payable. In the event of an acceleration of amounts due under the Indenture as a result of an event of default, we may not have sufficient funds or may be unable to arrange for additional financing to repay our indebtedness. 
 Noteholders may require us to repurchase their Convertible Notes following a fundamental change at a cash repurchase price generally equal to the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. A fundamental change includes certain acquisition transactions and the failure of our common stock to be listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market or certain similar national securities exchanges. We may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to repurchase the Convertible Notes. In addition, applicable law, regulatory authorities and the agreements governing our existing and future indebtedness may restrict our ability to repurchase the Convertible Notes. Our failure to repurchase the Convertible Notes when required will constitute a default under the Indenture that governs the Convertible Notes. A default under the Indenture or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our other existing or future indebtedness, which may result in that other indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full. For instance, a fundamental change without lender consent would constitute an event of default under our Hayfin Loan Agreement. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy all amounts due under the other indebtedness and the Convertible Notes. 
 In addition, we have 150.0 million outstanding under our Hayfin Loan Agreement as of December 31, 2022. All obligations under our Hayfin Loan Agreement are secured by substantially all of our property and assets, including our intellectual property assets, subject to certain limited exceptions. The term loans and the Convertible Notes may create additional financial risk for us, particularly if our business or prevailing financial market conditions are not conducive to paying off or refinancing our outstanding debt obligations at maturity. Failure to satisfy our current and future debt obligations under our Hayfin Loan Agreement could result in an event of default and, as a result, our lenders could accelerate all amounts due. Events of default also include our failure to comply with customary affirmative and negative covenants as well as a default under any indenture or other agreement governing convertible indebtedness permitted by the Hayfin Loan Agreement, including the Indenture. The Hayfin Loan Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, events of default and affirmative and negative covenants, including, among others, covenants that limit or restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, grant liens, merge or consolidate, make acquisitions, pay dividends or other distributions or repurchase equity, make investments, dispose of assets and enter into certain transactions with affiliates, in each case subject to certain exceptions. In the event of an acceleration of amounts due under our Hayfin Loan Agreement as a result of an event of default, we may not have sufficient funds or may be unable to arrange for additional financing to repay our indebtedness. In addition, our lenders could seek to enforce their security interests in any collateral securing such indebtedness. 
 Our PPP Loan, which we repaid in full in June 2020, was subject to the terms and conditions applicable to loans administered by the SBA under the CARES Act, and we may be subject to an audit or enforcement action related to the PPP Loan. 
 On April 21, 2020, we entered into the United States Small Business Administration (the "SBA") PPP Note (the "Note") with Silicon Valley Bank (the "PPP Lender") for a loan in the amount of 5.1 million (the "PPP Loan") enabled by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act of 2020 (the "CARES Act"). We received the full amount of the PPP Loan on April 22, 2020. On May 4, 2020, we repaid 0.9 million of the PPP Loan. In June 2020, we repaid the remaining amount outstanding under the PPP Loan in connection with the concurrent Convertible Notes and equity offerings. 
 We may be subject to CARES Act-specific lookbacks and audits until May of 2026 that may be conducted by other federal agencies, including several oversight bodies created under the CARES Act. These bodies have the ability to coordinate investigations and audits and refer matters to the Department of Justice for civil or criminal enforcement and other actions. Complying with such SBA audit could divert management resources and attention and require us to expend significant time and resources, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Greater than expected product returns may exceed our reserve for returns. 
 We use various factors to estimate the provision for returns, including the launch date of products, historical customer return rates, third-party industry data for comparable products in the market and estimated channel inventory data. In a reporting period, we may decide to constrain revenue for product returns based on information from various sources, including channel inventory levels, inventory dating, prescription data, the expiration dates of product, price changes of competitive products and introductions of generic products. Any significant increase in returns that exceeds our reserves could adversely affect our revenue and operating results. 
 We use data from third parties as part of our return reserves calculation. We are reliant on these third parties to ensure that the data they provide is accurate. Inaccurate data could cause us to estimate our return reserves incorrectly and could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition . 
 Risks Related to the Commercialization and Marketing of our Products and Product Candidates 
 Risks Related to Commercialization and Marketing 
 Our business depends entirely on the commercial success of our products and product candidates. Even if approved, our product candidates may not be accepted in the marketplace and our business may be materially harmed. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 To date, we have expended significant time, resources and effort on the development of our product candidates, and a substantial portion of our resources recently has been and will continue to be focused on launching, marketing and commercializing our approved products, Gvoke, Keveyis and Recorlev, in the United States. Our business and future success are substantially dependent on our ability to generate and increase product revenue in the near term. Our estimates of the potential market opportunity for Gvoke, Keveyis, Recorlev and our product candidates include several key assumptions of the current market size and current pricing for commercially available products and are based on industry and market data obtained from industry publications, studies conducted by us, our industry knowledge, third-party research reports and other surveys. While we believe that our internal assumptions are reasonable, if any of these assumptions proves to be inaccurate, the actual market for our product and product candidates could be smaller than our estimates of our potential market opportunity. Our product candidates are in various stages of development and subject to the risks of failure inherent in developing drug products. Any delay or setback in the regulatory approval, product launch, commercialization or distribution of any of our product candidates will adversely affect our business. The infrastructure, systems, processes, policies, relationships and materials we have built for the commercialization of Gvoke, Keveyis and Recorlev may not be sufficient for us to achieve success at the levels we expect. Further, our products may contain undetected manufacturing defects, including mislabeling, which might require product replacement, re-labeling or product recalls, which could further harm our business. For more information, see the section entitled, " Business Coverage and Reimbursement" . 
 Even if all regulatory approvals are obtained, the commercial success of our products and product candidates will depend on gaining market acceptance among physicians, patients, patient advocacy groups, healthcare payors and the medical community. The degree of market acceptance of our products and product candidates will depend on many factors, including: 
 Table of Contents 

 operations may be materially harmed. Even if our products achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to maintain that market acceptance over time if new therapeutics are introduced that are more favorably received than our products or that render our products obsolete, or if significant adverse events occur. If our products do not achieve and maintain market acceptance, we will not be able to generate sufficient revenue from product sales to attain profitability. 
 We operate in a competitive business environment and, if we are unable to compete successfully against our existing or potential competitors, our sales and operating results may be negatively affected and we may not successfully commercialize our products or product candidates, even if approved. 
 The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries are characterized by intense competition and significant and rapid technological change as researchers learn more about diseases and develop new technologies and treatments. Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with existing drugs and new drugs that may become available in the future. While we believe that our product and product candidate platform, development expertise and scientific knowledge provide us with competitive advantages, we face potential competition from many different sources, including major pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies and public and private research institutions. Many of our current and potential competitors are major pharmaceutical companies that have substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do, and they may succeed in developing products that would render our products obsolete or noncompetitive. Our ability to compete successfully will depend on our ability to develop future products that reach the market in a timely manner, are well adopted by patients and healthcare providers and receive adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors. Because of the size of the potential market, we anticipate that companies will dedicate significant resources to developing products competitive to our product candidates. 
 For example, Gvoke has numerous competitors in the severe hypoglycemia market, which currently include Eli Lilly s Baqsimi, an intranasal glucagon dry powder, Eli Lilly's GEK, Zealand Pharma s Zegalogue, a dasiglucagon outlicensed to Novo Nordisk, Novo Nordisk s GlucaGen HypoKit and Fresenius Kabi's glucagon emergency kit for low blood sugar. Amphastar's ANDA for generic Glucagon for Injection Emergency Kit was approved by the FDA on December 29, 2020 for the treatment of severe hypoglycemia. At any time, these or other industry participants may develop alternative treatments, products or procedures for the treatment of severe hypoglycemia that compete directly or indirectly with Gvoke. Competitors may also develop and patent processes or products earlier than we can or obtain regulatory clearance or approvals for competing products more rapidly than we can, which could impair our ability to develop and commercialize similar processes or products. If alternative treatments are, or are perceived to be, superior to our products, sales of our products or product candidates, if approved, could be negatively affected and our results of operations could suffer. 
 The widespread acceptance of currently available therapies with which our products and product candidates compete or will compete may limit market acceptance of Gvoke or our product candidates even if approved and commercialized. For example, traditional glucagon kits currently available for hypoglycemia are widely accepted in the medical community and have a long history of use. These treatments compete with Gvoke and may limit the potential for Gvoke to receive widespread acceptance. 
 In addition, Keveyis is an oral carbonic anhydrase inhibitor, that was approved in the United States to treat hyperkalemic, hypokalemic and related variants of PPP. Torrent Pharmaceuticals Limited s ANDA for generic dichlorphenamide was approved on December 29, 2022 and will compete with Keveyis. In addition, due to the end of orphan drug exclusivity, additional generic competition may compete with Keveyis and sales of Keveyis could be negatively affected and our results of operations could suffer. Acetazolamide, another oral carbonic anhydrase inhibitor, is used frequently off-label for the prophylactic and sometimes acute treatment of PPP. Potassium supplements are indicated for use in hypokalemic periodic paralysis in the United States and are frequently used either chronically or for emergency treatment of episodes in that form of PPP. Several other types of drugs have been reported to have benefits for chronic or acute use in one or more than one PPP variant, including potassium-sparing diuretics, beta receptor agonists, mexelitine and other sodium channel blockers, and others. We are not aware of drugs currently in development for prophylactic chronic treatment of PPP. 
 We are currently aware of various companies that are marketing existing drugs that may compete with Recorlev such as Corcept Therapeutics and Recordati. The treatment of endogenous Cushing's syndrome patients who fail or are ineligible for surgery in the United States and Europe are: Korlym (mifepristone) marketed by Corcept Therapeutics in the United States; Signifor LAR (pasireotide) and Isturisa (osilodrostat), both marketed by Recordati in the United States and EU; and ketoconazole, metyrapone and mitotane marketed by HRA in the EU. Corcept is developing relacorilant, a second-generation glucocorticoid receptor modulator; currently in Phase 3. Ketoconazole is used off-label for treatment of Cushing's syndrome in the United States. Regulatory approval of ketoconazole for the treatment of endogenous Cushing's syndrome in the United States, which is not currently being sought by any sponsor to our knowledge, could significantly increase competition for Recorlev due to the similar mechanisms of action between the drug products. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 If we are unable to establish or do not maintain sufficient marketing, sales and distribution capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market, sell and distribute our products on terms acceptable to us, we may not be able to generate product revenue and our business, results of operations, and financial condition will be materially adversely affected. 
 We have developed our commercial infrastructure for the sales, marketing and distribution of Gvoke, Keveyis, and Recorlev. In order to successfully commercialize our product candidates, we will need to maintain and may need to expand our marketing, sales, distribution, managerial and other non-technical capabilities and/or make arrangements with third parties to perform some or all of these services. We have established our sales force to market our products in the United States. In order to maintain our sales force, we will compete with other companies to recruit, hire, train and retain sales and marketing personnel. There are significant expenses and risks involved with maintaining our own sales and marketing capabilities, including our ability to hire, retain and appropriately incentivize qualified individuals, generate sufficient sales leads, obtain access to an adequate number of physicians and persuade them to prescribe our products and any product candidates that receive regulatory approval, provide adequate training to sales and marketing personnel, and effectively manage a geographically dispersed sales and marketing team. Any failure or delay in our ability to maintain or expand, if needed, our internal sales, marketing and distribution capabilities would adversely impact the commercialization of Gvoke, Keveyis and Recorlev and the launch and commercialization of our product candidates, if approved. Even if we are able to recruit, hire and retain a sufficient number of sales representatives, they may not be effective at promoting our products. For example, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, from time to time we have had to limit in-person interactions and engage with many healthcare professionals remotely, which may be less effective. 
 We intend to leverage the sales and marketing capabilities that we have established for our approved products to commercialize additional product candidates for the management of other conditions, if approved by the FDA, in the United States. If we are unable to do so for any reason, we would need to expend additional resources to establish commercialization capabilities for those product candidates, if approved. In the event that we are unable to effectively deploy our sales organization or distribution strategy on a timely and efficient basis, if at all, the commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed which would negatively impact our ability to generate product revenue. 
 In addition, we intend to continue to establish collaborations to commercialize our product candidates outside the United States, if approved by the relevant regulatory authorities. Therefore, our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to enter into and maintain collaborative relationships for such efforts, the collaborator s strategic interest in the product and such collaborator s ability to successfully market and sell the product. We may not be able to establish or maintain such collaborative arrangements, or if we are able to do so, such collaborators may not have effective sales forces. To the extent that we depend on third parties for marketing and distribution, any revenues we receive will depend upon the efforts of such third parties, and such efforts may not be successful. 
 Risks Related to Third-Parties Actions and Market Acceptance 
 Our reliance on third-party suppliers, including single-source suppliers, and a limited number of options for alternate sources for Gvoke, Keveyis, and Recorlev or our product candidates could harm our ability to develop our product candidates or to continue to commercialize Gvoke, Keveyis, Recorlev or any product candidates that are approved. 
 We do not currently own or operate any manufacturing facilities for the production of Gvoke, Keveyis or Recorlev for commercial supply or our product candidates for use in clinical trials. We rely on third-party suppliers to manufacture and supply our products and our product candidates. For Gvoke, we currently rely on a number of single-source suppliers, such as Bachem Americas, Inc. ("Bachem") for active pharmaceutical ingredient ("API"), Pyramid Laboratories Inc. ("Pyramid") for drug product and SHL Pharma, LLC ("SHL Pharma") for auto-injector and final product assembly, and we have entered into several supply agreements including with Bachem, Pyramid and SHL Pharma. Taro produces all of our requirements for Keveyis pursuant to a supply agreement. If the agreement were to be terminated by Taro prior to the next renewal, we will need to find a new third party to manufacture Keveyis or manufacture the product ourselves. Similarly for Recorlev, we rely on a number of single-source suppliers, such as Regis Technologies, Inc. for API and Xcelience, LLC ("Lonza") for finished drug product. We rely on other third parties to manufacture our product candidates for use in clinical trials. If any of these vendors is unable or unwilling to meet our future requirements, we may not be able to manufacture and/or supply our products in a timely manner. Our current arrangements with these manufacturers are terminable by such manufacturers, subject to certain notice provisions. In addition, Taro maintains certain reversion rights in the purchased assets, including the regulatory approval for Keveyis, enabling Taro to elect to have purchases assets returned to it and to terminate its agreement with us should we be materially in non-compliance with any reversion condition such as breaching certain of the assignment restrictions or failing to meet our marketing commitments for Keveyis after receiving notice thereof and failing to cure such material non-compliance. 
 Our third-party suppliers may not be able to produce sufficient inventory to meet commercial demand in a timely manner, or at all, and we are experiencing significantly longer lead times for certain components and materials used in the production of our products and product candidates. Our third-party suppliers may not be required to provide us with any guaranteed minimum production levels or have dedicated capacity for our products. As a result, we may not obtain sufficient quantities of products, components or other key materials in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business as a whole. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting impacts to global supply chains could continue to impact our and our suppliers ability to procure sufficient supplies for the manufacture of our commercial products or our product candidates. Any disruption to the facilities or operations of our third-party suppliers resulting from weather-related events, epidemics, including the global health concerns such as the COVID-19 pandemic, fire, acts of terrorism, political instability or any other cause could materially impair our ability to manufacture our products and to distribute our products to customers. For example, we have a global supply chain and manufacture some components of our products outside the United States, including without limitation, Taiwan. Any interruption or other delay in the production or delivery 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 of our supplies could reduce sales of our products and increase our costs and any negative impact of such matters on our third-party suppliers and manufacturers may also have an adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 Gvoke and some of our product candidates are drug-device combination products that are regulated under the drug regulations of the FDCA based on their primary mode of action as a drug. Third-party manufacturers may not be able to comply with the current Good Manufacturing Practice ("CGMP") regulatory requirements applicable to drug-device combination products, including applicable provisions of the FDA s drug CGMP regulations, device CGMP requirements embodied in the Quality System Regulations ("QSRs") or similar regulatory requirements outside the United States. Our failure, or the failure of our third-party manufacturers, to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including clinical holds, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of our products and product candidates, re-labeling or re-packaging of our products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly affect the supply of our products and product candidates. The facilities used by our contract manufacturers to manufacture our products and product candidates must be registered with the FDA and are subject to inspections conducted by the FDA to ensure compliance with CGMPs. The FDA and other foreign regulatory authorities require manufacturers to register manufacturing facilities. We do not control the manufacturing process of, and are completely dependent on, our contract manufacturing partners for compliance with CGMPs and QSRs. Contract manufacturers may face manufacturing or quality control problems causing drug substance or device component production and shipment delays or a situation where the contractor may not be able to maintain compliance with the applicable CGMP or QSR requirements. If our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications, CGMP and/or QSRs and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or others, they will not be able to secure and/or maintain regulatory approval for their manufacturing facilities. In addition, we have no control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or such foreign regulatory authorities do not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our products or product candidates or if they withdraw any such approval in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to market our products or develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market our product candidates, if approved. 
 There are a limited number of third-party suppliers that are compliant with CGMP and/or QSRs, as required by the FDA, the EU, and other regulatory authorities, and that also have the necessary expertise and capacity to manufacture our materials and products. As a result, it may be difficult for us to locate third-party suppliers for our anticipated future needs, and our anticipated growth could strain the ability of our current third-party suppliers to deliver products, raw materials and components to us. If we are unable to arrange for third-party suppliers for our materials and products, or to do so on commercially reasonable terms, we may not be able to complete development of or market our products. 
 The introduction of new CGMP or QSR regulations or product specific requirements by a regulatory body may require that we source alternative materials, modify existing manufacturing processes or implement design changes to our products that are subject to prior approval by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. We may also be required to reassess a third-party supplier s compliance with all applicable new regulations and guidelines, which could further impede our ability to manufacture and supply products in a timely manner. As a result, we could incur increased production costs, experience supply interruptions, suffer damage to our reputation and experience an adverse effect on our business and financial results. 
 In addition, our reliance on third-party suppliers involves a number of additional risks, including, among other things: 
 Table of Contents 

 If any CMO with whom we contract fails to perform its obligations, we may be forced to enter into an agreement with a different CMO, which we may not be able to do on reasonable terms, if at all. In either scenario, our clinical trials or commercial distribution could be delayed significantly as we establish alternative supply sources. In some cases, the technical skills required to manufacture our products or product candidates may be unique or proprietary to the original CMO and we may have difficulty, or there may be contractual restrictions prohibiting us from, transferring such skills to a back-up or alternate supplier, or we may be unable to transfer such skills at all. In addition, if we are required to change CMOs for any reason, we will be required to verify that the new CMO maintains facilities and procedures that comply with quality standards and with all applicable regulations. We will also need to verify, such as through a manufacturing comparability study, that any new manufacturing process will produce our product according to the specifications previously submitted to or approved by the FDA or another regulatory authority. The delays associated with the verification of a new CMO could negatively affect our ability to develop product candidates or commercialize our products in a timely manner or within budget. Furthermore, a CMO may possess technology related to the manufacture of our product candidate that such CMO owns independently. This would increase our reliance on such CMO or require us to obtain a license from such CMO in order to have another CMO manufacture our products or product candidates. In addition, in the case of the CMOs that supply our products or product candidates, changes in manufacturers often involve changes in manufacturing procedures and processes, which could require that we conduct bridging studies between our prior clinical supply used in our clinical trials and that of any new manufacturer. We may be unsuccessful in demonstrating the comparability of clinical supplies which could require the conduct of additional clinical trials. Additionally, under the CARES Act, we must have in place a risk management plan that identifies and evaluates the risks to the supply of approved drugs for certain serious diseases or conditions for each establishment where the drug or API is manufactured. The risk management plan will be subject to FDA review during an inspection. If we experience shortages in the supply of our marketed products, our results could be materially impacted. 
 Reimbursement decisions by third-party payors and consolidation within the healthcare industry and among competitors may have an adverse effect on pricing and market acceptance. If there is not sufficient reimbursement for our products, it is less likely that they will be widely used and pricing pressure may impact our ability to sell our products at prices necessary to support our current business strategies. 
 Our future revenues and profitability will be adversely affected if the United States and foreign governmental, private third-party insurers and payors and other third-party payors, including Medicare and Medicaid, do not agree to defray or reimburse the cost of our products on behalf of patients. If these entities do not provide coverage and reimbursement with respect to our products or provide an insufficient level of coverage and reimbursement, our products may be too costly for some patients to afford and physicians may not prescribe them. In addition, limitations on the amount of reimbursement for our products may also reduce our profitability. In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and we expect there will continue to be, actions and proposals to control and reduce healthcare costs. There have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval for our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell any of our products or product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. As the healthcare industry consolidates, competition to provide products and services to industry participants has become more intense and may intensify as the potential purchasers of our products or third-party payors use their purchasing power to exert competitive pricing pressure and other terms favorable to them. We expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies and societal pressures will continue to change the healthcare industry worldwide, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among our potential purchasers. If competitive forces drive down the prices we are able to charge for our products, our profit margins will shrink, which will adversely affect our ability to invest in and grow our business. For more information, see the sections entitled, " Business Coverage and Reimbursement" and "Business Healthcare Reform" . 
 Government and other third-party payors are also challenging the prices charged for healthcare products and increasingly limiting, and attempting to limit, both coverage and level of reimbursement for prescription drugs. 
 There is also significant uncertainty related to the insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the medicine is approved by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. In the United States, the principal decisions about reimbursement for new medicines are typically made by the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, an agency within the United States Department of Health and Human Services. CMS decides whether and to what extent a new medicine will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare, and private payors tend to follow CMS to a substantial degree. Factors payors consider in determining reimbursement are based on whether the product is (i) a covered benefit under its health plan; (ii) safe, effective and medically necessary; (iii) appropriate for the specific patient; (iv) cost-effective; and (v) neither experimental nor investigational. 
 New requirements by third-party payors include: (i) net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States; and (ii) third-party payors are increasingly requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any product candidate that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, the level of reimbursement; and many pharmaceutical manufacturers must calculate and report certain price metrics to the government, such as average manufacturer price, or AMP, and Best Price. Penalties may apply when such metrics are not submitted accurately and timely. Further, these prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 The United States and several other jurisdictions are considering, or have already enacted, a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare system in ways that could negatively affect our ability to sell our products profitably. Among policy makers and payors in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or expanding access to healthcare. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of our products that we develop due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative proposals. 
 At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 
 Adoption of general controls and measures, coupled with the tightening of restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could limit payments for pharmaceutical drugs. While we cannot predict what impact on federal reimbursement policies this legislation will have in general or on our business specifically, these factors may result in downward pressure on pharmaceutical reimbursement, which could negatively affect market acceptance of our products and our product candidates. 
 Some patients may require health insurance coverage to afford our products or product candidates, and if we are unable to obtain adequate coverage and reimbursement by third-party payors, our ability to successfully commercialize our products or product candidates may be adversely impacted. Any limitation on the use of our products or any decrease in the price, including through increased discounting, of our products will have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve profitability. 
 The success of Gvoke, Keveyis, Recorlev and our other product candidates will be dependent on its proper use by patients, healthcare practitioners and caregivers. Additionally, individual devices may fail. 
 We have designed our products to be operable by patients, caregivers and healthcare practitioners. We cannot control the successful use of the product by patients, caregivers and healthcare practitioners. If we are not successful in promoting the proper use of our products by patients, healthcare practitioners and caregivers, we may not be able to achieve market acceptance or effectively commercialize our products. In addition, even in the event of proper use of our products such as Gvoke, individual devices may fail. Increasing the scale of production inherently creates increased risk of manufacturing errors, and we may not be able to adequately inspect every tablet or device that is produced, and it is possible that individual product may fail to perform as designed. Manufacturing errors could negatively impact market acceptance of any of our products, result in negative press coverage, or increase the risk that we may be sued. 
 Risk Related to our Dependence on Third Parties for Clinical Trials 
 We depend on third parties to conduct the clinical trials for our product candidates, and any failure of those parties to fulfill their obligations could harm our development and commercialization plans. 
 We depend on independent clinical investigators, clinical research organizations ("CROs"), academic institutions and other third-party service providers to conduct clinical trials with and for our product candidates. Although we rely heavily on these parties for successful execution of our clinical trials, we are ultimately responsible for the results of their activities and many aspects of their activities are beyond our control. Third parties may not complete activities on schedule or may not conduct our clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or our stated protocols. For example, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the general investigational plan and protocols for the trial, but the independent clinical investigators may prioritize other projects over ours or may fail to timely communicate issues regarding our products to us. Further, conducting clinical trials in foreign countries, as we have done and may do for certain of our product candidates, presents additional risks that may delay completion of our clinical trials. These risks include the failure of enrolled patients in foreign countries to adhere to clinical protocol as a result of differences in healthcare services or cultural customs, managing additional administrative burdens associated with foreign regulatory schemes, as well as political and economic risks relevant to such foreign countries. The delay or early termination of any of our clinical trial arrangements, the failure of third parties to comply with the regulations and requirements governing clinical trials, or our reliance on results of trials that we have not directly conducted or monitored could hinder or delay the development, approval and commercialization of our product candidates and would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We maintain compliance programs related to our clinical trials through our clinical operations and development personnel. Our clinical trial vendors are required to monitor and report to us issues with the conduct of our clinical trials, and we monitor our clinical trial vendors through our clinical, regulatory and quality assurance staff and other service providers. Our clinical trial vendors or personnel may not timely and fully discover and report any fraud or abuse or other issues that may occur in connection with our clinical trials to us. Such fraud or abuse or other issues, if they occur and are not successfully remediated, could have a material adverse effect on our research, development, and commercialization activities and results. 
 Risk Related to the Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 Our business may continue to be adversely affected by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to affect many businesses, including ours. We may experience disruptions that could severely impact our business, preclinical studies and clinical trials, including: 
 Table of Contents 

 Table of Contents 

 studies conducted by the applicant or clinical trials demonstrating safety and efficacy. The FDA could require additional information to sufficiently demonstrate safety and efficacy to support approval. 
 If the FDA determines that our product candidates do not meet the requirements of Section 505(b)(2), we may need to conduct additional clinical trials, provide additional data and information, and meet additional standards for regulatory approval. In March 2010, former President Obama signed into law legislation creating an abbreviated pathway for approval under the Public Health Service Act, or PHS Act, of biological products that are similar to other biological products that are approved under the PHS Act. The legislation also expanded the definition of biological product to include proteins such as insulin. The law contains transitional provisions governing protein products such as insulin, that, under certain circumstances, might permit companies to seek approval for their insulin products as biologics under the PHS Act. Specifically, on March 23, 2020, a small subset of biological products approved under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, such as insulin, which historically were approved as drugs, transitioned to being regulated as biological products. Being regulated as biological products enables transition products to serve as the reference product for biosimilar or interchangeable products approved through the abbreviated licensure pathway. The transition is a regulatory action in which the approved drug application for a transition biological product will be deemed to be a biologics license application. Thus our XeriSol pramlintide-insulin co-formulation which would have previously been reviewed through a 505(b)(2) NDA was instead required to be approved under the PHS Act. If our other product candidates do not meet the requirements of Section 505(b)(2) or are otherwise ineligible or become ineligible for approval via the Section 505(b)(2) pathway, the time and financial resources required to obtain FDA approval for these product candidates, and the complications and risks associated with these product candidates, would likely substantially increase. Moreover, an inability to pursue the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway would likely result in new competitive products reaching the market more quickly than our product candidates, which would likely materially adversely impact our competitive position and prospects. Even if we are allowed to pursue the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway, our product candidates may not receive the requisite approvals for commercialization. 
 Some pharmaceutical companies and other actors have objected to the FDA s interpretation of Section 505(b)(2) to allow reliance on the FDA s prior findings of safety and effectiveness. If the FDA changes its interpretation of Section 505(b)(2), or if the FDA s interpretation is successfully challenged in court, this could delay or even prevent the FDA from approving any Section 505(b)(2) application that we submit. Moreover, the FDA has adopted an interpretation of the three-year exclusivity provisions whereby a 505(b)(2) application can be blocked by exclusivity even if it does not rely on the previously approved drug that has exclusivity (or any safety or effectiveness information regarding that drug). Under the FDA s interpretation, the approval of one or more of our product candidates may be blocked by exclusivity awarded to a previously-approved drug product that shares certain innovative features with our product candidates, even if our 505(b)(2) application does not identify the previously-approved drug product as a listed drug or rely upon any of its safety or efficacy data. Any failure to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates would significantly limit our ability to generate revenues, and any failure to obtain such approval for all of the indications and labeling claims we deem desirable could reduce our potential revenues. 
 Additional time may be required to obtain regulatory approval for certain of our product candidates because they are combination products. 
 Certain of our product candidates are drug and device combination products that require coordination within the FDA and similar foreign regulatory agencies for review of their device and drug components. Medical products containing a combination of new drugs, biological products or medical devices may be regulated as combination products in the United States and Europe. A combination product generally is defined as a product comprised of components from two or more regulatory categories (e.g., drug/device, device/biologic, drug/biologic). Each component of a combination product is subject to the requirements established by the FDA for that type of component, whether a new drug, biologic or device. In order to facilitate pre-market review of combination products, the FDA designates one of its centers to have primary jurisdiction for the pre-market review and regulation of the overall product based upon a determination by the FDA of the primary mode of action of the combination product. Where approval of the drug and device is sought under a single application, there could be delays in the approval process due to the increased complexity of the review process and the lack of a well-established review process and criteria. The EMA has a parallel review process in place for combination products, the potential effects of which in terms of approval and timing could independently affect our ability to market our combination products in Europe. 
 Gvoke, Keveyis, Recorlev and our product candidates may have undesirable side effects which may delay or prevent marketing approval, or, if approval is received, require them to include safety warnings, require them to be taken off the market or otherwise limit their sales. 
 Undesirable side effects that may be caused by our product candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other comparable foreign authorities. The range and potential severity of possible side effects from systemic therapies are significant. The results of future clinical trials may show that our product candidates cause undesirable or unacceptable side effects, which could interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials, and result in delay of, or failure to obtain, marketing approval from the FDA and other regulatory authorities, or result in marketing approval from the FDA and other regulatory authorities with restrictive label warnings. Recent developments in the pharmaceutical industry have prompted heightened government focus on safety reporting during both pre- and 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 post-approval time periods and pharmacovigilance. Global health authorities may impose regulatory requirements to monitor safety that may burden our ability to commercialize our drug products. 
 To date, patients treated with our ready-to-use glucagon have experienced drug-related side effects typically observed with glucagon products, including nausea, vomiting and headaches. In our clinical trials of Recorlev, the most common adverse reactions (incidence > 20 were nausea/vomiting, hypokalemia, hemorrhage/contusion, systemic hypertension, headache, hepatic injury, abnormal uterine bleeding, erythema, fatigue, abdominal pain/dyspepsia, arthritis, upper respiratory infection, myalgia, arrhythmia, back pain, insomnia/sleep disturbances, and peripheral edema. In the Keveyis clinical trial, the most common adverse reactions (incidence > 10 were paresthesia, cognitive disorder, dysgeusia, and confusional state. These adverse events can be dose-dependent and may increase in frequency and severity if we increase the dose to increase efficacy. It is possible that there may be side effects associated with our product candidates use. In such an event, our trials could be suspended or terminated and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development of or deny approval of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. Drug-related side effects of our product candidates could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial or could also adversely affect physician or patient acceptance thereof. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects. 
 Even if our product candidates receive marketing approval, if we or others later identify undesirable or unacceptable side effects caused by such products: 
 Table of Contents 

 may, in appropriate circumstances, consider such factors as convenience of treatment location, duration of treatment, patient comfort, reduced treatment burden, advances in ease and comfort of drug administration, longer periods between doses, and potential for self-administration. However, such a demonstration to overcome the seven-year market exclusivity may be difficult to establish with limited precedents and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in these efforts if and where we pursue them. Even with respect to the indications for which we have received orphan designation, we may not be the first to obtain marketing approval for any particular orphan indication due to the uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical products, and thus approval of our product candidates could be blocked for seven years if another company previously obtained approval and orphan drug exclusivity for the same drug and same condition. If we do obtain exclusive marketing rights in the United States, they may be limited if we seek approval for an indication broader than the orphan designated indication and may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if we are unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of the relevant patients. Further, exclusivity may not effectively protect the product from competition because different drugs with different active moieties can be approved for the same condition, the same drugs can be approved for different indications and might then be used off-label in our approved indication, and different drugs for the same condition may already be approved and commercially available. 
 In Europe, the period of orphan drug exclusivity is ten years, although it may be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, it is established that the criteria for orphan drug designation are no longer met, in other words, when it is shown on the basis of available evidence that the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. We have received orphan drug designation from the EMA for our ready-to-use glucagon for the treatment of CHI and NIPHS, which includes patients with PBH. 
 Even with the FDA approval of Gvoke, Keveyis and Recorlev in the United States and the EMA and MHRA approval of Ogluo in the European Union ("EU") and the United Kingdom ("UK"), we may not be able to obtain or maintain foreign regulatory approvals to market our products in other countries. 
 We do not have any products other than Gvoke, Keveyis and Recorlev approved for sale in the United States, nor any products or product candidates other than Ogluo approved for sale in any international markets, and we do not have experience in obtaining regulatory approval in international markets outside of the EU and the UK. In order to market products in any particular jurisdiction, we must establish and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements on a country-by-country basis regarding safety and efficacy. Approval by the FDA in the United States does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval or certification by one foreign regulatory authority does not ensure approval or certification by regulatory authorities in other foreign countries or by the FDA. International jurisdictions require separate regulatory approvals and compliance with numerous and varying regulatory requirements. The approval procedures vary among countries and may involve requirements for additional testing, and the time required to obtain approval may differ from country to country and from that required to obtain clearance or approval in the United States. 
 In addition, some countries only approve or certify a product for a certain period of time, and we are required to re-approve or re-certify our products in a timely manner prior to the expiration of our prior approval or certification. We may not obtain foreign regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all. We may not be able to file for regulatory approvals or certifications and may not receive necessary approvals to commercialize our products in any market. If we fail to receive necessary approvals or certifications to commercialize our products in foreign jurisdictions on a timely basis, or at all, or if we fail to have our products re-approved or re-certified, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. The foreign regulatory approval or certification process may include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA clearance or approval. In addition, the clinical standards of care may differ significantly such that clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by healthcare providers, third-party payors or regulatory authorities in other countries, and regulatory approval in one country does not guarantee regulatory approval in any other country. If we fail to comply with regulatory requirements in international markets or to obtain and maintain required approvals, or if regulatory approvals in international markets are delayed, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of any drug we develop will be unrealized. 
 Recently enacted and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our products and product candidates and affect the prices we may obtain. 
 In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell any products or product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. For more information, see the section entitled, " Business Healthcare Reform" . 
 Among policy makers and payors in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or expanding access. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. 
 The cost of prescription pharmaceuticals in the United States has also been the subject of considerable debate, and members of Congress have indicated that they will address such costs through new legislative measures. To date, there have been several recent United States congressional inquiries and proposed state and federal legislation designed to, among other things, improve transparency in drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, reduce the costs of drugs under Medicare, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. There has recently been intense publicity regarding the pricing of pharmaceutical products generally, including publicity and pressure resulting from the prices charged for new products 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 as well as price increases for older products that the government and public deem excessive. We may experience downward pricing pressure on the price of our products due to social or political pressure to lower the cost of drugs, which could reduce our revenue and future profitability. Many companies in our industry have received governmental requests for documents and information relating to drug pricing and patient support programs. We could incur significant expense and experience reputational harm as a result of these or other similar future inquiries, as well as reduced market acceptance and demand for our products, which could harm our ability to market our products in the future. These factors could also result in changes in our product pricing and distribution strategies, reduced demand for our products and/or reduced reimbursement of products, including by federal health care programs such as Medicare and Medicaid and state health care programs. 
 On August 16, 2022 the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was passed, which among other things, allows for CMS to negotiate prices for certain single-source drugs and biologics reimbursed under Medicare Part B and Part D, beginning with ten high-cost drugs paid for by Medicare Part D starting in 2026, followed by 15 Part D drugs in 2027, 15 Part B or Part D drugs in 2028, and 20 Part B or Part D drugs in 2029 and beyond. The legislation subjects drug manufacturers to civil monetary penalties and a potential excise tax for failing to comply with the legislation by offering a price that is not equal to or less than the negotiated maximum fair price under the law or for taking price increases that exceed inflation. The legislation also requires manufacturers to pay rebates for drugs in Medicare Part D whose price increases exceed inflation. Further, the legislation caps Medicare beneficiaries annual out-of-pocket drug expenses at 2,000. The effect of Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 on our business and the healthcare industry in general is not yet known. 
 The pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals is also subject to governmental control outside the United States. In these other countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval for a product. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost effectiveness of our product candidates to other available therapies. If reimbursement of our products is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, our ability to generate revenues and become profitable could be impaired. 
 Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for approved products. In addition, there have been several recent Congressional inquiries and proposed bills designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, reduce the cost of drugs under Medicare and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our products and product candidates, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by the United States Congress of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval of those product candidates for which we seek marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. 
 Risks Related to Product Development 
 Our failure to successfully identify, develop and market additional product candidates, or acquire additional product candidates or enter into collaborations or other commercial agreements could impair our ability to grow. 
 As part of our growth strategy, we intend to identify, develop and market additional product candidates leveraging our formulation science, and evaluate other commercial relationships through collaborations or other strategic agreements. We are exploring various therapeutic opportunities for our pipeline programs. We may spend several years completing our development of any particular current or future internal product candidates, and failure can occur at any stage. The product candidates to which we allocate our resources may not end up being successful. Gvoke, which delivers ready-to-use glucagon via a pre-filled syringe or auto-injector, was approved by the FDA in 2019 for the treatment of severe hypoglycemia in pediatric (aged two years and above) and adult patients with diabetes. While we have identified several additional potential applications of our ready-to-use glucagon, there is no guarantee that we will be able to utilize our formulation science to obtain approval of additional product candidates. 
 In the future, we may be dependent upon other pharmaceutical companies, academic scientists and other researchers to sell or license product candidates, approved products or the underlying technology to us. The process of proposing, negotiating and implementing a license or acquisition of a product candidate or approved product is lengthy and complex. Other companies, including some with substantially greater financial, marketing and sales resources, may compete with us for the license or acquisition of product candidates and approved products. In addition, we expect to seek one or more collaborators for the development and commercialization of one or more of our products or product candidates, particularly with respect to our pipeline product candidates or foreign geographies. We face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators. We have limited resources to identify and execute the acquisition or in-licensing of third-party products, businesses and technologies or enter into collaborations or other strategic arrangements and integrate them into our current infrastructure. Moreover, we may devote resources to potential acquisitions or in-licensing opportunities that are never completed, or we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such efforts. We may not be able to acquire the rights to additional product candidates or approved products on terms that we find acceptable, or at all. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, future acquisitions may entail numerous operational and financial risks, including: 
 Table of Contents 

 If our products or product candidates fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, or if a problem with one of our products or third-party suppliers is discovered, a regulatory agency may: 
 Table of Contents 

 that we may make grants to independent charitable foundations that help financially needy patients with their premium, copay, and co-insurance obligations. If we choose to do so, and if we or our vendors or donation recipients are deemed to fail to comply with relevant laws, regulations or evolving government guidance in the operation of these programs, we could be subject to damages, fines, penalties, or other criminal, civil, or administrative sanctions or enforcement actions. We cannot ensure that our compliance controls, policies, and procedures will be sufficient to protect against acts of our employees, business partners, or vendors that may violate the laws or regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Regardless of whether we have complied with the law, a government investigation could impact our business practices, harm our reputation, divert the attention of management, increase our expenses, and reduce the availability of foundation support for our patients who need assistance. Further, it is possible that changes in insurer policies regarding copay coupons and/or the introduction and enactment of new legislation or regulatory action could restrict or otherwise negatively affect these patient support programs, which could result in fewer patients using affected products, and therefore could have a material adverse effect on our sales, business, and financial condition. Although a number of these and other proposed measures may require authorization through additional legislation to become effective, and the current United States presidential administration may reverse or otherwise change these measures, both the current United States presidential administration and Congress have indicated that they will continue to seek new legislative measures to control drug costs. We cannot predict how the implementation of and any further changes to this rule will affect our business. 
 If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program or other governmental pricing programs, we could be subject to additional reimbursement requirements, penalties, sanctions and fines, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 We participate in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, the 340B program, the United States Department of Veterans Affairs, Federal Supply Schedule, or FSS, pricing program, and the Tricare Retail Pharmacy program, and have obligations to report the average sales price for certain of our drugs to the Medicare program. For calendar quarters beginning January 1, 2022, manufacturers will need to start reporting the average sales price for drugs under the Medicare program regardless of whether they are enrolled in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. Currently, only manufacturers participating in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are obligated to do so. 
 Pricing and rebate calculations vary across products and programs, are complex, and are often subject to interpretation by us, governmental or regulatory agencies and the courts, which can change and evolve over time. In the case of our Medicaid pricing data, if we become aware that our reporting for a prior quarter was incorrect, or has changed as a result of recalculation of the pricing data, we are generally obligated to resubmit the corrected data for up to three years after those data originally were due. Such restatements and recalculations increase our costs for complying with the laws and regulations governing the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and could result in an overage or underage in our rebate liability for past quarters. Price recalculations also may affect the ceiling price at which we are required to offer our products under the 340B program and give rise to an obligation to refund entities participating in the 340B program for overcharges during past quarters impacted by a price recalculation. 
 Civil monetary penalties can be applied if we are found to have knowingly submitted any false price or product information to the government, if we are found to have made a misrepresentation in the reporting of our average sales price, if we fail to submit the required price data on a timely basis, or if we are found to have charged 340B covered entities more than the statutorily mandated ceiling price. The Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, could also decide to terminate our Medicaid drug rebate agreement, in which case federal payments may not be available under Medicaid or Medicare Part B for our covered outpatient drugs. We cannot assure you that our submissions will not be found by CMS to be incomplete or incorrect. 
 Our failure to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and other governmental programs could negatively impact our financial results. CMS issued a final regulation, which became effective in April 2016, to implement the changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program under the Affordable Care Act. In December 2020, CMS issued a final regulation that modified prior Medicaid Drug Rebate Program regulations to permit reporting multiple best price figures with regard to value-based purchasing arrangements (beginning in 2022); and provided definitions for line extension, new formulation, and related terms, with the practical effect of expanding the scope of drugs considered to be line extensions that are subject to an alternative rebate formula (beginning in 2022). Regulatory and legislative changes, and judicial rulings relating to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and related policies (including coverage expansion), have increased and will continue to increase our costs and the complexity of compliance, have been and will continue to be time-consuming to implement, and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, particularly if CMS or another agency challenges the approach we take in our implementation. 
 The HRSA issued a final regulation regarding the calculation of the 340B ceiling price and the imposition of civil monetary penalties on manufacturers that knowingly and intentionally overcharge covered entities, which became effective in January 2019. Implementation of this regulation could affect our obligations and potential liability under the 340B program in ways we cannot anticipate. We are also required to report the 340B ceiling prices for our covered outpatient drugs to HRSA, which then publishes them to 340B covered entities. Any charge by HRSA that we have violated this regulation or other requirements of the program could negatively impact our financial results. Moreover, HRSA newly established an administrative dispute resolution, or ADR, process under a final regulation effective January 2021, for claims by covered entities that a manufacturer engaged in overcharging, including claims that a manufacturer limited the ability of a covered entity to purchase the manufacturer s drugs at the 340B ceiling price, and by manufacturers that a covered entity violated the prohibitions against diversion or duplicate discounts. Such claims are to be resolved through an ADR panel of government officials rendering a decision that could be appealed only in federal court. This ADR regulation has been challenged in separate litigation instituted by PhRMA and by pharmaceutical manufacturers in multiple federal courts. Under the ADR final rule which became effective in January 2021, an ADR proceeding could potentially subject us to discovery by covered entities and other onerous procedural requirements and could result in additional liability. HRSA could also 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 decide to terminate a manufacturer s agreement to participate in the 340B program for a violation of that agreement or other good cause shown, in which case the manufacturer s covered outpatient drugs may no longer be eligible for federal payment under the Medicaid or Medicare Part B program. In November 2022, HRSA issued a proposed rule to revise the ADR procedures contained in its January 2021 final regulation for disputes arising under the 340B drug pricing program between covered entities and manufacturers. 
 Further, legislation may be introduced that, if passed, would, among other things, further expand the 340B program to additional covered entities or would require participating manufacturers to agree to provide 340B discounted pricing on drugs used in an inpatient setting, and any additional future changes to the definition of average manufacturer price or the Medicaid rebate amount could affect our 340B ceiling price calculations and negatively impact our results of operations. Additionally, certain pharmaceutical manufacturers are involved in ongoing litigation regarding contract pharmacy arrangements under the 340B Program. The outcome of those judicial proceedings and the potential impact on the way in which manufacturers extend discounts to covered entities through contract pharmacies remain uncertain. 
 We have obligations to report the average sales price for certain of our drugs to the Medicare program. Statutory or regulatory changes or CMS guidance could affect the average sales price calculations for our products and the resulting Medicare payment rate, and could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 Pursuant to applicable law, knowing provision of false information in connection with price reporting under the United States Department of Veterans Affairs, FSS or Tricare Retail Pharmacy, or Tricare, programs can subject a manufacturer to civil monetary penalties. These program obligations also contain extensive disclosure and certification requirements. If we overcharge the government in connection with our arrangements with FSS or Tricare, we are required to refund the difference to the government. Failure to make necessary disclosures and/or to identify contract overcharges can result in allegations against us under the False Claims Act and other laws and regulations. Unexpected refunds to the government, and responding to a government investigation or enforcement action, would be expensive and time-consuming, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 Laws and regulations governing any international operations we may have in the future may preclude us from developing, manufacturing and selling certain product candidates outside the United States and require us to develop and implement costly compliance programs. 
 We currently have operations in the United States and in Ireland, and we maintain relationships with CMOs in certain parts of Europe, Asia and the United States for the manufacture of our products and product candidates. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") prohibits any United States individual or business from paying, offering, authorizing payment or offering of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of the foreign entity in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the United States to comply with certain accounting provisions requiring the company to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations. The anti-bribery provisions of the FCPA are enforced primarily by the DOJ. The Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") is involved with enforcement of the books and records provisions of the FCPA and may suspend or bar issuers from having its securities traded on United States exchanges for violations of the FCPA s accounting provisions. 
 Various laws, regulations and executive orders also restrict the use and dissemination outside the United States, or the sharing with certain non-United States nationals, of information classified for national security purposes, as well as certain products and technical data relating to those products. As we expand our presence outside the United States, we are required to dedicate additional resources to comply with laws and regulations in each new jurisdiction in which we are operating or plan to operate, and these laws may preclude us from developing, manufacturing, or selling certain drugs and product candidates outside the United States, which could limit our growth potential and increase our development costs. 
 The creation and implementation of international business practices compliance programs, particularly FCPA compliance, are costly and such programs are difficult to enforce, especially in countries in which corruption is a recognized problem and where reliance on third parties is required. In addition, the FCPA presents particular challenges in the pharmaceutical industry because, in many countries, hospitals are operated by the government, and doctors and other hospital employees are considered foreign officials. Certain payments to hospitals in connection with clinical trials and other work have been deemed to be improper payments to government officials and have led to FCPA enforcement actions. Indictment alone under the FCPA can lead to suspension of the right to do business with the United States government until the pending claims are resolved. Conviction of a violation of the FCPA can result in long-term disqualification as a government contractor. 
 Accordingly, our failure to comply with the FCPA or other export control, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism laws or regulations and other similar laws governing international business practices may result in substantial penalties, including suspension or debarment from government contracting. The termination of a government contract or relationship as a result of our failure to satisfy any of our obligations under such laws would have a negative impact on our operations and harm our reputation and ability to procure government contracts. We cannot assure you that our compliance policies and procedures are or will be sufficient or that our directors, officers, employees, representatives, consultants and agents have not engaged and will not engage in conduct for which we may be held responsible, nor can we assure you that our business partners have not engaged and will not engage in conduct 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 that could materially affect their ability to perform their contractual obligations to us or even result in our being held liable for such conduct. 
 Governments outside the United States tend to impose strict price controls, which may adversely affect our revenues, if any. 
 In some foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing vary widely from country to country. For example, the EU provides options for its Member States to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval for a product. In addition, there can be considerable pressure by governments and other stakeholders on prices and reimbursement levels, including as part of cost containment measures. Political, economic and regulatory developments may further complicate pricing negotiations, and pricing negotiations may continue after coverage and reimbursement have been obtained. Reference pricing used by various countries and parallel distribution or arbitrage between low-priced and high-priced countries can further reduce prices. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we, or any future collaborators, may be required to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of our product candidates to other available therapies, which is time consuming and costly. A Member State may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our product candidates. Historically, products launched in the EU do not follow price structures of the United States and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. If reimbursement of our product candidates is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, our business could be harmed. 
 Risks Related to Industry Competition 
 If the FDA or other applicable regulatory authorities approve generic products that compete with any of our products or product candidates, the sales of our products and product candidates, if approved, could be adversely affected. 
 Once an NDA, including a Section 505(b)(2) application, is approved, the product covered becomes a listed drug which can be cited by potential competitors in support of approval of an abbreviated new drug application ("ANDA"). FDA regulations and other applicable regulations and policies provide incentives to manufacturers to create modified versions of a drug to facilitate the approval of an ANDA or other application for similar substitutes. If these manufacturers demonstrate that their product has the same active ingredient(s), dosage form, strength, route of administration, and conditions of use, or labeling, as our products or product candidates, they might only be required to conduct a relatively inexpensive study to show that their generic product is absorbed in the body at the same rate and to the same extent as, or is bioequivalent to, our products or product candidates. In some cases, even this limited bioequivalence testing can be waived by the FDA. Laws have also been enacted to facilitate the development of generic drugs and biologics based off recently approved NDAs and BLAs. The Creating and Restoring Equal Access to Equivalent Samples Act CREATES Act was enacted in 2019 requiring sponsors of approved NDAs and BLAs to provide sufficient quantities of product samples on commercially reasonable, market-based terms to entities developing generic drugs and biosimilar biological products. The law establishes a private right of action allowing developers to sue application holders that refuse to sell them product samples needed to support their applications. If we are required to provide product samples or allocate additional resources to responding to such requests or any legal challenges under this law, our business could be adversely impacted. Competition from generic equivalents to our products or product candidates could substantially limit our ability to generate revenues and therefore to obtain a return on the investments we have made in our products or product candidates. For example, Amphastar's ANDA for generic Glucagon for Injection Emergency Kit was approved by the FDA on December 29, 2020 for the treatment of severe hypoglycemia and while we previously relied on orphan drug exclusivity in the marketing and sales of Keveyis through the expiration of orphan drug exclusivity, Torrent Pharmaceuticals Limited s ANDA for generic dichlorphenamide was approved on December 29, 2022. We intend to rely on orphan drug exclusivity and if available, NCE exclusivity in the marketing and sale of Recorlev. While we applied for NCE exclusivity for Recorlev under section 505(u) of the FDCA, the FDA may determine that the Recorlev application does not meet the eligibility criteria under 505(u) for NCE exclusivity. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 Risks Related to Protecting Our Intellectual Property 
 Our success depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary formulation science, as well as the ability of our collaborators to protect their intellectual property and proprietary formulation science. 
 Our success depends in large part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection and trade secret protection in the United States and other countries with respect to the use, formulation and structure of our proprietary product candidates, the methods used to manufacture them, the related therapeutic targets and associated methods of treatment as well as on successfully defending these patents against potential third-party challenges. Our ability to protect our products and product candidates from unauthorized making, using, selling, offering to sell or importing by third parties is dependent on the extent to which we have rights under valid and enforceable patents that cover these activities. If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property rights, competitors may be able to erode or negate any competitive advantage we may have, which could harm our business and ability to achieve profitability. To protect our proprietary position, we file patent applications in the United States and abroad related to our novel product candidates that are important to our business; we may in the future also license or purchase patents or applications owned by others. The patent application and approval process is expensive and time consuming. We may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. Moreover, obtaining and maintaining patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 If the scope of the patent protection we or our potential licensors obtain is not sufficiently broad, we may not be able to prevent others from developing and commercializing technology and products similar or identical to ours. The degree of patent protection we require to successfully compete in the marketplace may be unavailable or severely limited in some cases and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. We cannot provide any assurances that any of our patents have, or that any of our pending patent applications that mature into issued patents will include, claims with a scope sufficient to protect our current and future product candidates or otherwise provide any competitive advantage. In addition, to the extent that we license intellectual property in the future, we cannot assure you that those licenses will remain in force. In addition, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Furthermore, patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, the natural expiration of a patent is generally twenty years after it is filed. Various extensions may be available; however, the life of a patent and the protection it affords are limited. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. 
 Even if they are unchallenged, our patents and pending patent applications, if issued, may not provide us with any meaningful protection or prevent competitors from designing around our patent claims to circumvent our patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or therapeutics in a non-infringing manner. For example, a third party may develop a competitive therapy that provides benefits similar to one or more of our products or product candidates but that uses a formulation and/or a device that falls outside the scope of our patent protection. If the patent protection provided by the patents and patent applications we hold or pursue with respect to our products or product candidates is not sufficiently broad to exclude such competition, our ability to successfully commercialize our products or product candidates could be negatively affected, which would harm our business. Although we currently own all of our patents and our patent applications, similar risks would apply to any patents or patent applications that we may in-license in the future. 
 We, or any future partners, collaborators, or licensees, may fail to identify patentable aspects of inventions made in the course of development and commercialization activities before it is too late to obtain patent protection on them. Therefore, we may miss potential opportunities to strengthen our patent position. 
 It is possible that defects of form in the preparation or filing of our patents or patent applications may exist, or may arise in the future, for example with respect to proper priority claims, inventorship, claim scope, or requests for patent term adjustments. If we or our partners, collaborators, licensees or licensors fail to establish, maintain or protect such patents and other intellectual property rights, such rights may be reduced or eliminated. If our partners, collaborators, licensees or licensors are not fully cooperative or disagree with us as to the prosecution, maintenance or enforcement of any patent rights, such patent rights could be compromised. If there are material defects in the form, preparation, prosecution, or enforcement of our patents or patent applications, such patents may be invalid and/or unenforceable, and such applications may never result in valid, enforceable patents. Any of these outcomes could impair our ability to prevent competition from third parties, which may have an adverse impact on our business. 
 The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain. No consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in biotechnology and pharmaceutical patents has emerged to date in the United States or in many foreign jurisdictions. In addition, the determination of patent rights with respect to pharmaceutical compounds commonly involves complex legal and factual questions, which has in recent years been the subject of much litigation. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. 
 Moreover, because the issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, our patents or pending patent applications may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. There is no assurance that all of the potentially relevant prior art relating to our patents and patent applications has been found. If such prior art exists, it may be used to invalidate a patent or may prevent a patent from issuing from a pending patent application. For example, such patent filings may be subject to a third-party pre-issuance submission of prior art to the USPTO and/or to other patent offices around the world. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Alternately or additionally, we may become involved in post-grant review procedures, oppositions, derivations proceedings, reexaminations, inter partes review or interference proceedings, in the United States or elsewhere, challenging patents or patent applications in which we have rights, including patents on which we rely to protect our business. An adverse determination in any such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to exclude others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or may limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology and products. 
 Pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued which protect our business, in whole or in part, or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive products. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. In addition, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent or in the same manner as the laws of the United States. For example, patent laws in various jurisdictions, including significant commercial markets such as Europe, restrict the patentability of methods of treatment of the human body more than United States law does. 
 The patent application process is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, and there can be no assurance that we or any future development partners will be successful in protecting our product candidates by obtaining, maintaining and defending patents. These risks and uncertainties include the following: 
 Table of Contents 

 Our reliance on third parties requires us to share our trade secrets, which increases the possibility that a competitor will discover them or that our trade secrets will be misappropriated or disclosed. 
 Because we rely on third parties to develop and manufacture our product candidates, we must, at times, share trade secrets with them. We seek to protect our proprietary technology in part by entering into confidentiality agreements and, if applicable, material transfer agreements, collaborative research agreements, consulting agreements or other similar agreements with our collaborators, advisors, employees, and consultants prior to beginning research or disclosing proprietary information. These agreements typically limit the rights of the third parties to use or disclose our confidential information, such as trade secrets. Despite the contractual provisions employed when working with third parties, the need to share trade secrets and other confidential information increases the risk that such trade secrets become known by our competitors, are inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others, or are disclosed or used in violation of these agreements. Given that our proprietary position is based, in part, on our know-how and trade secrets, a competitor's discovery of our trade secrets or other unauthorized use or disclosure would impair our competitive position and may harm our business. 
 The patent positions of pharmaceutical, biotechnology and other life sciences companies can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions for which important legal principles remain unresolved. Changes in either the patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property. Further, the determination that a patent application or patent claim meets all of the requirements for patentability is a subjective determination based on the application of law and jurisprudence. The ultimate determination by the USPTO or by a court or other trier of fact in the United States, or corresponding foreign national patent offices or courts, on whether a claim meets all requirements of patentability cannot be assured. We have not conducted searches for third-party publications, patents and other information that may affect the patentability of claims in our various patent applications and patents, so we cannot be certain that all relevant information has been identified. Accordingly, we cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowed or enforced in our patent applications and patents, in any future licensed patents or patent applications or in third-party patents. 
 We cannot provide assurances that any claim(s) in any of our patent applications will be found to be patentable, including over our own prior art patents, or that any such patent applications will issue as patents. Neither can we make assurances as to the scope of any claims that may issue from our pending and future patent applications nor to the outcome of any proceedings instituted by any potential third parties that could challenge the patentability, validity or enforceability of our patents and patent applications in the United States or foreign jurisdictions. Any such challenge, if successful, could limit patent protection for our products and product candidates and/or materially harm our business. 
 The degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage. For example: 
 Table of Contents 

 advantage of our investment in development and clinical trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data and launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case. 
 Our unpatented trade secrets, know-how, confidential and proprietary information, and technology may be inadequately protected. 
 We rely in part on unpatented trade secrets, know-how and technology. This intellectual property is difficult to protect, especially in the pharmaceutical industry, where much of the information about a product must be submitted to regulatory authorities during the regulatory approval process. We seek to protect trade secrets, confidential information and proprietary information, in part, by entering into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with employees, consultants, and others. These parties may breach or terminate these agreements, and we may not have adequate remedies for such breaches. Furthermore, these agreements may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or other confidential or proprietary information or result in the effective assignment to us of intellectual property and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential information or other breaches of the agreements. Despite our efforts to protect our trade secrets and our other confidential and proprietary information, we or our collaboration partners, board members, employees, consultants, contractors, or scientific and other advisors may unintentionally or willfully disclose our proprietary information to competitors. 
 Thus, there is a risk that our trade secrets and other confidential and proprietary information could have been, or could, in the future, be shared by any of our former employees with, and be used to the benefit of, any company that competes with us. 
 If we fail to maintain trade secret protection or fail to protect the confidentiality of our other confidential and proprietary information, our competitive position may be adversely affected. Competitors may also independently discover our trade secrets. Enforcement of claims that a third party has illegally obtained and is using trade secrets is expensive, time consuming and uncertain. If our competitors independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods and know-how, we would not be able to assert our trade secret protections against them, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. 
 Our trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. We rely on both registration and common law protection for our trademarks. We may not be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names or may be forced to stop using these names, which we need for name recognition by potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. During the trademark registration process, we may receive Office Actions from the USPTO objecting to the registration of our trademark. Although we would be given an opportunity to respond to those objections, we may be unable to overcome such objections. In addition, in the USPTO and in comparable agencies in many foreign jurisdictions, third parties are given an opportunity to oppose pending trademark applications and/or to seek the cancellation of registered trademarks. Opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed against our trademarks, and our trademarks may not survive such proceedings. If we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property Litigation 
 The pharmaceutical industry is characterized by frequent patent litigation, and we could become subject to litigation that could be costly, result in the diversion of management s time and efforts, require us to pay damages or prevent us from marketing our existing or future products. 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell our products that have been approved for sale, and to use our proprietary technology without alleged or actual infringement, misappropriation or other violation of the patents and proprietary rights of third parties. There have been many lawsuits and other proceedings involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, including patent infringement lawsuits, interferences, oppositions and reexamination proceedings before the USPTO, and corresponding foreign patent offices. Numerous United States and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we will market products and are developing product candidates. Some claimants, who may include our competitors in both the United States and abroad, may have substantially greater resources than we do and may be able to sustain the costs of complex intellectual property litigation to a greater degree and for longer periods of time than we could. In addition, patent holding companies that focus solely on extracting royalties and settlements by enforcing patent rights may target us. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our products and product candidates may be subject to claims of infringement of the intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 We cannot be sure that we know of each and every patent and pending application in the United States and abroad that is relevant or necessary to the commercialization of Gvoke, Keveyis, Recorlev, or our product candidates. Generally, we do not conduct independent reviews of patents issued to third parties. The large number of patents, the rapid rate of new patent issuances, the complexities of the technology involved, and uncertainty of litigation increase the risk of business assets and management s attention being diverted to patent litigation. Because patent applications can take up to 18 months after filing to become public, and many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications that may later result in issued patents upon which our products or product candidates may infringe. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of our technologies infringes upon these patents. If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover the manufacturing process of any of our products or product candidates, any compositions formed during the manufacturing process or any final product itself, the 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize such product or product candidate unless we obtained a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire or are finally determined to be invalid or unenforceable. Similarly, if any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our compositions, formulations, or methods of treatment, prevention or use, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to develop and commercialize the applicable product or product candidate unless we obtained a license or until such patent expires or is finally determined to be invalid or unenforceable. In either case, such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. 
 We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. Competitors may infringe our patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement lawsuits, which can be expensive and time consuming and divert the time and attention of our management and scientific personnel. Any claims we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their patents, in addition to counterclaims asserting that our patents are invalid or unenforceable, or both. In any patent infringement proceeding, there is a risk that a court will decide that a patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and that we do not have the right to exclude the other party from making, using or selling the invention at issue. There is also a risk that, even if the validity of such patents is upheld, the court will construe the patent s claims narrowly or decide that we do not have the right to exclude the other party from making, using or selling the invention at issue on the grounds that our patent claims do not cover the invention or the other party's manufacture, use or sale of it. An adverse outcome in a litigation or proceeding involving one or more of our patents could limit our ability to assert those patents against those parties or other competitors and may curtail or preclude our ability to exclude third parties from making and selling similar or competitive products. Similarly, if we assert trademark infringement claims, a court may determine that the marks we have asserted are unenforceable, that the alleged infringing mark does not infringe our trademark rights, or that the party against whom we have asserted trademark infringement has superior rights to the marks in question. In this last instance, we could ultimately be forced to cease use of such trademarks. 
 Others may challenge inventorship or claim an ownership interest in our intellectual property, which could expose it to litigation and have a significant adverse effect on its prospects. 
 A third party or former employee or collaborator may claim an ownership interest in one or more of our patents or other proprietary or intellectual property rights. A third party could bring legal actions against us and seek monetary damages and/or enjoin clinical testing, manufacturing and marketing of the affected product or products. A third party could assert a claim or an interest in any of such patents or intellectual property. If we become involved in any litigation, it could consume a substantial portion of our resources and cause a significant diversion of effort by our technical and management personnel. 
 If any of these actions are successful, in addition to any potential liability for damages, we could be required to obtain a license to continue to manufacture or market the affected product, in which case we may be required to pay substantial royalties or grant cross-licenses to our patents. We cannot, however, assure you that any such license will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. Furthermore, any potential intellectual property litigation also could force us to do one or more of the following: 
 Table of Contents 

 could result in substantial costs and could be a distraction to management. If our defense to those claims fails, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Any litigation or the threat thereof may adversely affect our ability to hire employees. A loss of key personnel or their work product could hamper or prevent our ability to commercialize our products and product candidates, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 An NDA submitted under Section 505(b)(2) subjects us to the risk that we may be subject to a patent infringement lawsuit that would delay or prevent the review or approval of our product candidates. 
 We expect to submit NDAs under Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA for most of our product candidates. Section 505(b)(2) permits the submission of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from preclinical studies and/or clinical trials that were not conducted by, or for, the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. An NDA under Section 505(b)(2) would enable us to reference published literature and/or the FDA s previous findings of safety and effectiveness for a previously approved drug. For NDAs submitted under Section 505(b)(2), the patent certification and related provisions of the Hatch-Waxman Act apply. 
 Accordingly, if we rely for approval on the safety or effectiveness information for a previously approved drug, referred to as a listed drug, we will be required to include patent certifications in our 505(b)(2) application regarding any patents covering the listed drug. If there are patents listed in the FDA publication Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the Orange Book, for the listed drug, and we seek to obtain approval prior to the expiration of one or more of those patents, we will be required to submit a Paragraph IV certification indicating our belief that the relevant patents are invalid or unenforceable or will not be infringed by the manufacture, use or sale of the product that is the subject of our 505(b)(2) application. Otherwise, our 505(b)(2) application cannot be approved by the FDA until the expiration of any patents listed in the Orange Book for the listed drug. While we did not submit any Paragraph IV certifications in connection with our 505(b)(2) NDA for Gvoke, and do not expect to submit any Paragraph IV certifications for our other current product candidates, there can be no assurance that we will not be required to submit a Paragraph IV certification in respect of any future product candidates for which we seek approval under Section 505(b)(2). 
 However, an NDA submitted under Section 505(b)(2) subjects us to the risk that we may be subject to a patent infringement lawsuit that would delay or prevent the review or approval of our product candidates. 
 If we submit any Paragraph IV certification that may be required, we will be required to provide notice of that certification to the NDA holder and patent owner shortly after our 505(b)(2) application is accepted for filing. Under the Hatch-Waxman Act, the patent owner may file a patent infringement lawsuit after receiving such notice. If a patent infringement lawsuit is filed within 45 days of the patent owner s or NDA holder s receipt of notice (whichever is later), a one-time, automatic stay of the FDA s ability to approve the 505(b)(2) NDA is triggered, which typically extends for 30 months unless patent litigation is resolved in favor of the Paragraph IV filer or the patent expires before that time. Accordingly, we may invest a significant amount of time and expense in the development of one or more product candidates only to be subject to significant delay and patent litigation before such product candidates may be commercialized, if at all. 
 In addition, a 505(b)(2) application will not be approved until any non-patent exclusivity listed in the Orange Book for the listed drug, or for any other drug with the same protected conditions of approval as our product, has expired. The FDA also may require us to perform one or more additional clinical trials or measurements to support the change from the listed drug, which could be time consuming and could substantially delay our achievement of regulatory approval. The FDA also may reject any future 505(b)(2) submissions and require us to submit traditional NDAs under Section 505(b)(1), which would require extensive data to establish safety and effectiveness of the product for the proposed use and could cause delay and additional costs. In addition, the FDA could reject any future 505(b)(2) application and require us to submit an ANDA if, before the submission of our 505(b)(2) application, the FDA approves an application for a product that is pharmaceutically equivalent to ours. These factors, among others, may limit our ability to commercialize our product candidates successfully. 
 We may not be able to enforce our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 We may not be able to enforce our intellectual property rights throughout the world. Filing, prosecuting, enforcing and defending patents on our products and product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. The requirements for patentability may differ in certain countries, particularly in developing countries; thus, even in countries where we do pursue patent protection, there can be no assurance that any patents will issue with claims that cover our products and product candidates. 
 Moreover, our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights may be adversely affected by unforeseen changes in foreign intellectual property laws. Additionally, laws of some countries outside the United States and Europe do not afford intellectual property protection to the same extent as the laws of the United States and Europe. Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of some countries, including India, China and other developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property rights. This could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or the misappropriation of our other intellectual property rights. For example, many foreign countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner must grant licenses to third parties. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in certain countries outside the 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 United States and Europe. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop and market their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, if our ability to enforce our patents to stop infringing activities is inadequate. These products may compete with our products, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 Agreements through which we may license patent rights may not give us sufficient rights to permit us to pursue enforcement of those licensed patents or defense of any claims asserting the invalidity of these patents or the ability to control enforcement or defense of such patent rights in all relevant jurisdictions as requirements may vary. 
 Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions, whether or not successful, could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and resources from other aspects of our business. Moreover, such proceedings could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Furthermore, while we intend to protect our intellectual property rights in major markets for our products, we cannot ensure that we will be able to initiate or maintain similar efforts in all jurisdictions in which we may wish to market our products. Accordingly, our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights in such countries may be inadequate. 
 Even if we establish infringement, the court may decide not to grant an injunction against further infringing activity and instead award only monetary damages, which may or may not be an adequate remedy. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could adversely affect the price of shares of our common stock. Moreover, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient financial or other resources to file and pursue such infringement claims, which typically last for years before they are concluded. Even if we ultimately prevail in such claims, the monetary cost of such litigation and the diversion of the attention of our management and scientific personnel could outweigh any benefit we receive as a result of the proceedings. 
 Risk Related to Intellectual Property Laws 
 Changes to the patent law in the United States and other jurisdictions could diminish the value of our patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. 
 As is the case with other biopharmaceutical companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biopharmaceutical industry involve both technological and legal complexity and are therefore costly, time consuming and inherently uncertain. Changes in patent statutes, regulations promulgated under them, and court holdings interpreting the statutes and regulations could make it more difficult to obtain patent protection for our inventions and increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Depending on future actions by the United States Congress, the United States courts, the USPTO and the relevant law-making bodies in other countries, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that could weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. 
 Further, for a patent with an effective filing date of March 16, 2013 or later, a petition for post-grant review can be filed by a third party in a nine-month window from issuance of the patent. Alternatively, a petition for inter partes review can be filed after the nine-month period for filing a post-grant review petition has expired. Post-grant review proceedings can be brought on any ground of invalidity, whereas inter partes review proceedings can only raise an invalidity challenge based on published prior art and patents. In these adversarial actions, the USPTO reviews patent claims without the presumption of validity afforded to the United States patents in lawsuits in the United States federal courts and uses a lower burden of proof than used in litigation in the United States federal courts. Therefore, it is generally considered easier and less costly for a competitor or third party to have a United States patent invalidated in a USPTO post-grant review or inter partes review proceeding than in a litigation in a United States federal court. If any of our patents are challenged by a third party in such a USPTO proceeding, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending the patent, which could result in a loss of the challenged patent right to us. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Employee Matters, Managing Growth and Ongoing Operations 
 Risks Related to Potentially Under-resourced Regulatory Authorities 
 Disruptions at the FDA, the SEC and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. 
 The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, global health concerns, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 
 Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years the United States government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA and the SEC, have had to furlough critical FDA, SEC and other government employees and stop critical activities. Since March 2020 when foreign and domestic inspections of facilities were largely placed on hold due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the FDA has been working to resume pre-pandemic levels of inspection activities, including routine surveillance, bioresearch monitoring and pre-approval inspections. Should the FDA determine that an inspection is necessary for approval and an inspection cannot be completed during the review cycle due to restrictions on travel, and the FDA does not determine a remote interactive evaluation to be adequate, the agency has stated that it generally intends to issue, depending on the circumstances, a complete response letter or defer action on the application until an inspection can be completed. During the COVID-19 public health emergency, a number of companies announced receipt of complete response letters due to the FDA s inability to complete required inspections for their applications. Regulatory authorities outside the United States may adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and may experience delays in their regulatory activities. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, in our operations as a public company, future government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. 
 Risk Related to Employment Matters 
 Our business could suffer if we lose the services of key members of our senior management or if we are not able to attract and retain other key employees and consultants. 
 We are dependent upon the continued services of key members of our executive management and a limited number of key advisors and personnel. In particular, we are highly dependent on the skills and leadership of our executive management team, including Paul Edick, our Chief Executive Officer, Steven Pieper, our Chief Financial Officer, Steven Prestrelski, our Chief Scientific Officer and Co-Founder, John Shannon, our President and Chief Operating Officer, Ken Johnson, our Senior Vice President, Global Development and Medical Affairs, and Beth Hecht, our Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary. The loss of any one of these individuals could disrupt our operations or our strategic plans. Our industry has experienced a high rate of turnover of management personnel in recent years. Any of our personnel may terminate their employment at will. If we lose one or more of our executive officers or other key employees, our ability to implement our business strategy successfully could be seriously harmed. Furthermore, replacing executive officers or other key employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to develop, gain marketing approval of and commercialize products successfully. 
 Additionally, our future success will depend on, among other things, our ability to continue to hire and retain the necessary qualified scientific, technical and managerial personnel, for whom we compete with numerous other companies, academic institutions and organizations. Competition to hire from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these additional key employees on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for similar personnel. We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research institutions. 
 We rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to assist us in formulating our research and development and commercialization strategy. Our consultants and advisors may be employed by other entities and may have commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with those entities that may limit their availability to us. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain highly qualified personnel, our ability to commercialize our products and to develop and commercialize our product candidates will be limited. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 Risks Related to Investment in Securities 
 Our stock price has been and will likely continue to be volatile, and you may not be able to resell shares of our common stock at or above the price you paid. 
 The trading price of our common stock historically has been highly volatile and could continue to be subject to large fluctuations in response to the risk factors discussed in this section, and others beyond our control, including: 
 Table of Contents 

 any more or all of the Convertible Notes are converted into shares of common stock, our existing shareholders will experience immediate dilution of voting rights and the price of shares of our common stock may decline. Furthermore, the perception that such dilution could occur may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. At any time before the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, holders of Convertible Notes may convert their Convertible Notes at their option into shares of our common stock, together, if applicable, with cash in lieu of any fractional share, at the then-applicable conversion rate. The conversion rate for the Convertible Notes will initially be 326.7974 shares of our common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately 3.06 per share of common stock, and is subject to adjustment under the terms of the Convertible Notes. In the event of certain circumstances, we will increase the conversion rate, provided that the conversion rate will not exceed 367.6470 shares of our common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes. Because the conversion rates of the Convertible Notes adjust upward upon the occurrence of certain events, our existing shareholders may experience more dilution if any or all of the Convertible Notes are converted into shares of common stock after the adjusted conversion rate became effective. 
 Each CVR is worth up to 1.00, payable to CVR holders if future performance milestones are achieved, and settleable in cash, common stock, or a combination of cash and common stock, at our sole election. If the performance milestones are met and we elect to pay the CVR consideration in common stock, it could have a dilutive effect to our earnings per share and cause our share price to decline. 
 Upon completion of the Acquisition, each outstanding and unexercised Strongbridge warrant (except private placement warrants) was assumed by the Company such that, upon exercise, the applicable holders will have the right to have delivered to them the reference property (as such term is defined in the Strongbridge assumed warrants). We also assumed the outstanding and unexercised Strongbridge private placement warrants and they expired in June 2022. The conversion of these assumed Strongbridge warrants (except the private placement warrants) into shares of our common stock could have a dilutive effect that could cause our share price to decline. 
 We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, and accordingly, our stockholders ability to achieve a return on their investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. 
 We do not anticipate declaring any cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. In addition, under our Hayfin Loan Agreement, we are generally restricted from paying any dividends or making any distributions on account of our capital stock. Our ability to pay cash dividends also may be prohibited by future loan agreements. Consequently, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. Investors seeking cash dividends should not invest in our common stock. 
 Risks Related to Tax 
 We might not be able to utilize a significant portion of our net operating loss carryforwards and research and development tax credit carryforwards. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had federal net operating loss carryforwards of 501.4 million and various state net operating loss carryforwards of 345.3 million. If not utilized, the federal net operating losses generated in taxable years beginning on or before December 31, 2017 will expire at various dates between 2025 and 2037, and these net operating loss carryforwards could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. Federal net operating losses generated in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 can be carried forward indefinitely; however, such net operating losses may only offset up to 80 of taxable income in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had 6.7 million and 3.1 million of federal and state income tax credits, respectively, to reduce future tax liabilities. If not utilized, the 5.4 million in federal income tax credits will begin to expire in 2025, and the 2.5 million of state research and development credits will begin to expire in 2022, and these tax credit carryforwards could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. In addition, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("Code") and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, which is generally defined as a greater than 50 change, by value, in its equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income may be limited. Our existing net operating losses or credits may be subject to limitations arising from previous ownership changes, and if we undergo future ownership changes, many of which may be outside of our control, our ability to utilize our net operating losses or credits could be further limited by Sections 382 and 383 of the Code. Accordingly, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of our net operating losses or credits. 
 Changes in tax law may adversely affect us or our investors. 
 The rules dealing with the United States federal, state and local income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") and the United States Treasury Department. Changes to tax laws (which changes may have retroactive application) could adversely affect us or holders of our common stock. For example, under Section 174 of the Code, in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2021, expenses that are incurred for research and development in the United States will be capitalized and amortized, which may have an adverse effect on our cash flow. In recent years, many such changes have been made, and changes are likely to continue to occur in the future. It cannot be predicted whether, when, in what form or with what effective dates tax laws, regulations and rulings may be enacted, promulgated or issued, which could result in an increase in our or our shareholders tax liability or require changes in the manner in which we operate in order to minimize or mitigate any 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 adverse effects of changes in tax law. 
 Risks Related to our Indenture for our Convertible Notes, Charter and Bylaws 
 Provisions in the Indenture for our Convertible Notes and corporate charter documents and under Delaware law may prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to change our management or hinder efforts to acquire a controlling interest in us. 
 Provisions in our corporate charter and our bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of us that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your shares. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. In addition, because our board of directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors. Among other things, these provisions: 
 Table of Contents 

 The enforceability of forum selection provisions in other companies articles of incorporation, bylaws or similar governing documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that in connection with any action a court could find the forum selection provisions contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action. If a court were to find these forum selection provisions inapplicable or unenforceable, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely impact our operating or financial condition or performance. 
 General Risk Factors 
 If we experience significant disruptions in our information technology systems, our business may be adversely affected. 
 We depend on our information technology systems for the efficient functioning of our business, including accounting, data storage, compliance, purchasing and inventory management. Our current systems are not fully redundant. We may experience difficulties in implementing some upgrades which would impact our business operations or experience difficulties in operating our business during the upgrade, either of which could disrupt our operations, including our ability to timely ship and track product orders, project inventory requirements, manage our supply chain and otherwise adequately service our customers. In the event we experience significant disruptions of our information technology systems, we may not be able to repair our systems in an efficient and timely manner. Accordingly, such events may disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our entire operation and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 
 We are increasingly dependent on sophisticated information technology for our infrastructure. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems. Despite our implementation of security measures, our information systems are vulnerable to damages from computer viruses, natural disasters, unauthorized access, cyber attack, including ransomware, and other similar disruptions. Any system failure, accident or security breach could result in disruptions to our operations. For example, third parties may attempt to hack into systems and may obtain our proprietary information or other sensitive information, which could cause significant damage to our reputation, lead to claims against the Company and ultimately harm our business. 
 If products liability lawsuits are brought against us, our business may be harmed, and we may be required to pay damages that exceed our insurance coverage. 
 We may face liability claims related to the use or misuse of our products and product candidates. These claims may be expensive to defend and may result in large judgments against us. During the course of treatment, patients using our products and product candidates could suffer adverse medical effects for reasons that may or may not be related to our products and product candidates. Any of these events could result in a claim of liability. Any such claims against us, regardless of their merit, could result in significant costs to defend or awards against us that could materially harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, any such claims against us could result in a distraction to management, decreased demand for our products, an adverse effect on our public reputation, and/or difficulties in commercializing our products. To date, we have not received notice of any products liability claims against us. We maintain total products liability insurance coverage of 15.0 million. 
 Although we maintain products liability insurance for claims arising from the use of our products after FDA approval and for claims arising from the use of our product candidates in clinical trials prior to FDA approval at levels that we believe are appropriate, we may not be able to maintain our existing insurance coverage or obtain additional coverage on commercially reasonable terms for the use of our other products and product candidates in the future. Also, our insurance coverage and resources may not be sufficient to satisfy any liability resulting from products liability claims, which could materially harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, we have in the past and may in the future agree to indemnify counterparties from losses arising from claims relating to the products, processes or services made, used, sold or performed. 
 Should our obligation under an indemnification provision exceed applicable insurance coverage or if we were denied insurance coverage, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Similarly, if we are relying on a collaborator to indemnify us and the collaborator is denied insurance coverage or the indemnification obligation exceeds the applicable insurance coverage and the collaborator does not have other assets available to indemnify us, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Products liability claims could result in an FDA or other regulatory authority investigation into the safety or efficacy of our products, our manufacturing processes and facilities, our marketing programs, our internal safety reporting systems or our staff conduct. A regulatory authority investigation could also potentially lead to a recall of our products or more serious enforcement actions, limitations on the indications for which they may be used, or suspension or withdrawal of approval. Products liability claims could also result in investigation, prosecution or enforcement action by the DOJ or other federal or state government agencies. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, stockholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our common stock. 
 Effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing by us conducted in connection with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or any subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 that may require prospective or retroactive changes to our financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 
 We are required to disclose changes made in our internal controls and procedures on a quarterly basis, and our management is required to assess the effectiveness of these controls annually. However, for as long as we are an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act ("JOBS Act") enacted in April 2012, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years from the date of our IPO. An independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting could detect problems that our management's assessment might not. Undetected material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting could lead to financial statement restatements and require us to incur the expense of remediation. 
 As a result of being a public company, we will continue to incur significant additional costs which may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 We expect to continue to incur costs associated with corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules implemented by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, or the Dodd-Frank Act, the SEC and The Nasdaq Global Select Market. These rules and regulations have increased our accounting, legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time consuming and costly. In addition, we will continue to incur costs associated with our public company reporting requirements, and we expect those costs may increase in the future. For example, we have devoted and expect to continue to devote significant resources to complete the assessment and documentation of our internal controls over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, including assessment of the design and effectiveness of our internal controls related to our information systems. 
 During the course of our ongoing review and testing of our internal controls, we may identify deficiencies and may incur significant costs to remediate such deficiencies, including material weaknesses, if any, that we identify through these efforts. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. 
 New laws and regulations, as well as changes to existing laws and regulations affecting public companies, including the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act and rules adopted by the SEC and The Nasdaq Global Select Market, would likely result in increased costs to us as we respond to their requirements, which may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 Securities analysts may publish inaccurate or unfavorable research or reports about our business or may publish no information at all, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock is influenced by the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us and our business. We do not control these analysts. Analysts who publish information about our common stock may have relatively little experience covering our company, which could affect their ability to accurately forecast our results and could make it more likely that we fail to meet their estimates. If any of the analysts who cover us provide inaccurate or unfavorable research or issue an adverse opinion regarding our stock price, our stock price could decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports covering us regularly, we could lose visibility in the market, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 We are an "emerging growth company" and a "smaller reporting company," and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and "smaller reporting companies" may make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 We are an "emerging growth company," as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 ("JOBS Act"), and we have elected to take advantage of certain exemptions and relief from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. In particular, while we are an emerging growth company, (i) we will not be required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) we will be exempt from any rules that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board requiring mandatory audit firm rotations or a supplement to the auditor s report on financial statements, (iii) we will be subject to reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and (iv) we will not be required to hold nonbinding advisory votes on executive compensation or stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 
 As a result, our public filings may not be comparable to companies that are not emerging growth companies . We may remain an emerging growth company until the fiscal year-end following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our IPO, though we may cease to be an emerging growth company earlier under certain circumstances, including the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the previous three years. 
 In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. In addition, we qualify as a smaller reporting company, which allows us to take advantage of many of the same exemptions from disclosure requirements, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. Even after we no longer qualify as an 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 emerging growth company, we may still qualify as a smaller reporting company if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates is below 250 million (or 700 million if our annual revenue is less than 100 million) as of June 30 in any given year, which would allow us to continue to take advantage of these exemptions. 
 Investors may find our common stock less attractive if we rely on these exemptions and relief granted by the JOBS Act. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may decline and/or become more volatile. 
 Our data collection and processing activities are governed by restrictive regulations governing the use, processing and, in certain jurisdictions, cross-border transfer of personal information. 
 We may be subject to the United States federal and state, European, UK and other foreign data protection laws and regulations (i.e., laws and regulations that address privacy and data security). We have personnel located in Ireland and have conducted and may in the future conduct clinical trials in the EU and/or the UK subjecting us to additional privacy restrictions and data protection requirements. The collection and use of personal health data in the EU are governed by the provisions of the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("EU GDPR"), as well as other national data protection legislation in force in relevant Member States (including the EU GDPR as it forms part of the law of England and Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland by virtue of section 3 of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK GDPR , together with the EU GDPR the GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018 in the UK). These laws impose a broad range of strict requirements on companies subject to the GDPR, such as including requirements relating to having legal bases for processing personal data relating to identifiable individuals and transferring such information outside the European Economic Area, or EEA (or in the case of the UK GDPR, outside of the UK), providing details to those individuals regarding the processing of their personal data, implementing safeguards to keep personal data secure, having data processing agreements with third parties who process personal data, providing information to individuals regarding data processing activities, responding to individuals requests to exercise their rights in respect of their personal data, obtaining consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, reporting security and privacy breaches involving personal data to the competent national data protection authority and affected individuals, appointing data protection officers, conducting data protection impact assessments, and record-keeping. The GDPR may impose additional responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that we process and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms ensuring compliance with the new data protection rules. This may be onerous and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Although the UK is regarded as a third country under the EU s GDPR, the European Commission has issued a decision recognizing the UK as providing adequate protection under the EU GDPR and, therefore, transfers of personal data originating in the EEA to the UK remain unrestricted. Like the EU GDPR, the UK GDPR restricts personal data transfers outside the UK to countries not regarded by the UK as providing adequate protection. The UK government has confirmed that personal data transfers from the UK to the EEA remain free flowing. 
 To enable the transfer of personal data outside of the EEA or the UK, adequate safeguards must be implemented in compliance with European and UK data protection laws. On June 4, 2021, the EC issued new forms of standard contractual clauses for data transfers from controllers or processors in the EEA (or otherwise subject to the GDPR) to controllers or processors established outside the EU/EEA (and not subject to the GDPR). As of December 27, 2022, the new standard contractual clauses replace the standard contractual clauses that were adopted previously under the EU Data Protection Directive for all transfers outside of the EEA. The UK is not subject to the European Commission s new standard contractual clauses but has published the UK International Data Transfer Agreement and International Data Transfer Addendum to the new standard contractual clauses (the IDTA ), which enable transfers from the UK. For new transfers, the IDTA already needs to be in place, and must be in place for all existing transfers from the UK from March 21, 2024. Following a ruling from the Court of Justice of the EU, in Data Protection Commissioner v Facebook Ireland Limited and Maximillian Schrems, Case C-311/18 ("Schrems II"), companies relying on standard contractual clauses to govern transfers of personal data to third countries (in particular the United States) will need to assess whether the data importer can ensure sufficient guarantees for safeguarding the personal data under GDPR. This assessment includes assessing whether third party vendors can also ensure these guarantees. The same assessment is required for transfers governed by the IDTA. We will be required to implement these new safeguards when conducting restricted data transfers under the GDPR and doing so will require significant effort and cost. 
 If we are investigated by a European or UK data protection authority, we may face fines and other penalties, including bans on processing and transferring personal data. EU and UK data protection authorities have the power to impose administrative fines for violations of the GDPR of up to a maximum of 20 17.5) million or 4 of the data controller s or data processor s total worldwide global turnover for the preceding fiscal year, whichever is higher, and violations of the GDPR may also lead to damages claims by data controllers and data subjects. Such penalties are in addition to any civil litigation claims by data controllers, clients, and data subjects. As such, we will need to take steps to cause our processes to continue to be compliant with the applicable portions of the GDPR, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to implement changes in a timely manner or without significant disruption to our business, or that such steps will be effective, and we may face the risk of liability under the GDPR. 
 Although the EU GDPR and the UK GDPR currently impose substantially similar obligations, it is possible that over time the UK GDPR could become less aligned with the EU GDPR. The UK government has announced plans to reform the data protection legal framework in the UK in its Data Reform Bill but those have been put on hold. This lack of clarity on future UK laws and regulations and their interaction with EU laws and regulations could add legal risk, uncertainty, complexity and cost to our handling of EU personal information and our privacy and data security compliance programs and could require us to implement different compliance measures for the UK and the EU. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Many jurisdictions outside of Europe where we may do business or conduct trials in the future are also considering and/or have enacted comprehensive data protection legislation. In addition, we also continue to see jurisdictions imposing data localization laws. These and similar regulations may interfere with our intended business activities, inhibit our ability to expand into those markets, require modifications to our products or services or prohibit us from continuing to offer services or conduct trials in those markets without significant additional costs. 
 Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, collaborators and CROs may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements, which could cause significant liability for us and harm to our reputation. 
 We are exposed to the risk that our employees, independent contractors, consultants, collaborators and CROs may engage in fraud or other misconduct, including intentional failures to comply with FDA regulations or similar regulations of comparable non-United States regulatory authorities, to provide accurate information to the FDA or comparable non-United States regulatory authorities, to comply with manufacturing standards we have established, to comply with federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations and similar laws and regulations established and enforced by comparable non-United States regulatory authorities, to report financial information or data accurately or to disclose unauthorized activities to us. Such misconduct could also involve the improper use or misrepresentation of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, creating fraudulent data in our preclinical studies or clinical trials or illegal misappropriation of product materials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws, standards or regulations. Additionally, we are subject to the risk that a person or government could allege such fraud or other misconduct, even if none occurred. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business and results of operations, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 
 Global economic uncertainty and weakening product demand caused by political instability, changes in trade agreements and conflicts, such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 
 Economic uncertainty in various global markets caused by political instability and conflict and economic challenges caused by the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted, and may continue to result, in weakened demand for our products. Political developments impacting government spending and international trade, including potential government shutdowns and trade disputes and tariffs, may negatively impact markets and cause weaker macro-economic conditions. The effects of these events may continue due to potential United States government shutdowns and the transition in administrations, and the United States ongoing trade disputes with China and other countries. In addition, the current military conflict between Russia and Ukraine could disrupt or otherwise adversely impact our operations and related sanctions, export controls or other actions that may be initiated by nations including the United States, the EU or Russia (e.g., potential cyberattacks, disruption of energy flows, etc.) could adversely affect our business and/or our supply chain or those of our third party service providers. The United States and other countries could impose wider sanctions and take other actions should the conflict further escalate. It is not possible to predict the broader consequences of this conflict, which could include further sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, prolonged periods of higher inflation, geopolitical shifts, and adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, currency exchange rates, and financial markets, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The continuing effect of any or all of these events could adversely impact demand for our products, harm our operations and weaken our financial results. 
 Our operations are subject to the effects of a rising rate of inflation. 
 The United States has recently experienced historically high levels of inflation. If the inflation rate continues to increase, for example due to increases in the costs of labor and supplies, or remain at a historically high rate, it will affect our expenses, such as employee compensation, supply costs and research and development expenses. Additionally, the United States is experiencing an acute workforce shortage, which in turn, has created a very competitive wage environment that may increase our operating costs. To the extent inflation results in rising interest rates and has other adverse effects on the market, it may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 We have no unresolved written comments regarding our periodic or current reports from the staff of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our principal office is located in Chicago, Illinois and occupies approximately 41,000 square feet of leased space. The lease term expires on June 30, 2031. Our research and development laboratory site, 1375 West Fulton Street, is also located in Chicago and occupies approximately 10,887 square feet of leased space under a 156-month lease through December 2033. In September 2022, we entered into an amended and restated lease and will expand to lease approximately 87,032 square feet of office and laboratory space at our current laboratory site. The term will expire on the earlier of the last day of the 156-month following the expansion commencement date and March 31, 2037. We intend to relocate our corporate headquarters to 1375 West Fulton Street in the first half 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 of 2023, such that 1375 West Fulton Street will be our sole office location. We believe that our offices after the expansion will be suitable and adequate to meet our needs. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings. From time to time, we may be subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business activities. Although the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, as of the date of this report, we do not believe we are party to any claim or litigation the outcome of which, if determined adversely to us, would individually or in the aggregate be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 The common stock of Xeris Biopharma Holdings, Inc. (the Company is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq under the symbol XERS . Prior to October 6, 2021, the common stock of Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Xeris Pharma (the predecessor company) was listed on Nasdaq under the symbol XERS starting on June 21, 2018. Prior to that time, there was no public market for our common stock. On October 5, 2021, pursuant to the Transaction Agreement (defined in Item 1A), Xeris Pharma completed its acquisition of Strongbridge Biopharma plc Strongbridge ). Immediately following the Transactions (defined in Item 1A), both Xeris Pharma and Strongbridge became wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company. The common stock of Xeris Pharma and the ordinary shares of Strongbridge were de-registered after completion of the Transactions. 
 Holders of Record 
 On March 6, 2023, there were approximately 232 stockholders of record of our common stock and the closing price of our common stock was 1.45 per share as reported by Nasdaq. Since many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The information required by this item regarding equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 Not applicable. 

66 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve significant risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those set forth in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Overview 
 As used herein, the "Company", "Xeris", "we" or "our" refers to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Xeris Pharma") when referring to periods prior to the acquisition of Strongbridge on October 5, 2021 and to Xeris Biopharma Holdings, Inc. ("Xeris Biopharma") when referring to periods on or subsequent to October 5, 2021. Throughout this document, unless otherwise noted, references to Gvoke include Gvoke PFS, Gvoke HypoPen, Gvoke Kit and Ogluo. 
 We are focused on building an innovative, self-sustaining, growth-oriented biopharma company committed to improving patients lives by developing and commercializing clinically meaningful products across a range of therapies. We are uniquely positioned to achieve this through our three commercial products and our proprietary formulation science (XeriSol and XeriJect) which generates partnerships and enhances our product candidates. 
 Patents 
 We currently own 176 patents issued globally, including a composition of matter patent covering our ready-to-use glucagon formulation that expires in 2036. Included in the total patents, we have 59 granted patents globally related to our platform technologies, including 7 patents granted in the United States and listed in the United States FDA Orange Book covering proprietary formulations of levoketoconazole (the active pharmaceutical ingredient in Recorlev) and the uses of such formulations in treating certain endocrine-related diseases and syndromes. The latter includes the United States Patent Nos. 11,020,393 and 11,278,547, which were granted on June 1, 2021 and March 22, 2022, respectively, and which provide patent protection through 2040 for the use of Recorlev in the treatment of certain patients with persistent or recurrent Cushing s syndrome. 
 Financing 
 We have funded our operations to date primarily with proceeds from the sale of our preferred and common stock and debt financing. We have received gross proceeds of 253.0 million from public equity offerings of our common stock (including our June 2018 initial public offering ("IPO") and our February 2019, February 2020, June 2020, March 2021 offerings), 30.0 million from a private placement of our common stock in January 2022, 104.9 million from sales of our preferred stock, 86.3 million from our June 2020 Convertible Notes offering, 63.5 million from the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (as amended, the "Amended Loan Agreement") with Oxford Finance LLC and Silicon Valley Bank, which was fully repaid in March 2022, and 150.0 million from the Hayfin Loan Agreement in 2022. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we reported net losses of 94.7 million and 122.7 million, respectively. We have not been profitable since inception, and, as of December 31, 2022, our accumulated deficit was 554.8 million. In the near term, we expect to continue to incur significant expenses, operating losses and net losses as we: 

We believe that customer demand for our products has been adversely impacted by COVID-19 due to the disruption the pandemic has caused in patients' normal access to healthcare as well as our sales and marketing personnel's access to customers. Remote interactions, when required, generally are not as effective as in-person interactions. 
 We continue to closely monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on all aspects of our business, including the impact on our operations and on the needs and operations of our customers, suppliers, vendors and business partners. 
 The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will directly or indirectly impact our business, results of operations and financial condition, including sales, expenses, reserves and allowances, manufacturing, clinical trials, research and development costs and employee-related costs, will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain, including as a result of new information that may emerge concerning COVID-19 and the actions taken to contain or treat it, as well as the economic impact on local, regional, national and international markets. If we, or any of the third parties with whom we engage, were to experience shutdowns or other business disruptions, our ability to conduct our business in the manner and on the timelines presently planned could be materially or negatively affected, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Components of our Results of Operations 
 The following discussion sets forth certain components of our statement of operations of Xeris for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as well as factors that impact those items. 
 Product revenue, net 
 Product revenue, net, represent gross product sales less estimated allowances for patient copay assistance programs, prompt payment discounts, payor rebates, chargebacks, service fees, and product returns, all of which are recorded at the time of sale to the pharmaceutical wholesaler or other customer. We apply significant judgment and estimates in determining some of these allowances. If actual results differ from our estimates, we make adjustments to these allowances in the period in which the actual results or updates to estimates become known. See "Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates and Assumptions" for further information regarding the significant judgments and estimates involved in the determination of product revenue, net. 
 Cost of goods sold 
 Cost of goods sold primarily includes product costs, which include all costs directly related to the purchase of raw materials, charges from our contract manufacturing organizations, and manufacturing overhead costs, as well as shipping and distribution charges. Cost of goods sold also includes losses from excess, slow-moving or obsolete inventory and inventory purchase commitments, if any. Manufacturing costs for Gvoke and Recorlev incurred prior to approval and initial commercialization were expensed as research and development expenses. 
 Research and development expenses 
 Research and development expenses consist of expenses incurred in connection with the discovery and development of our product candidates. We recognize research and development expenses as incurred. Research and development expenses that are paid in 
 68 

advance of performance are capitalized until services are provided or goods are delivered. Research and development expenses include: 

Results of Operations 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Product revenue: Gvoke 
 52,527 38,917 13,610 35.0 Keveyis 
 49,307 10,363 38,944 nm Recorlev 7,429 7,429 nm Product revenue, net 109,263 49,280 59,983 121.7 Royalty, contract and other revenue 985 310 675 nm Total revenue 110,248 49,590 60,658 122.3 Cost and expenses: Cost of goods sold, excluding amortization of intangible assets 22,634 13,318 9,316 70.0 Research and development 20,966 25,160 (4,194) (16.7) Selling, general and administrative 137,745 125,718 12,027 9.6 Amortization of intangible assets 10,843 550 10,293 nm Total cost and expenses 192,188 164,746 27,442 16.7 Loss from operations (81,940) (115,156) 33,216 (28.8) Other income (expense): Interest and other income 2,578 313 2,265 nm Interest expense (15,325) (7,180) (8,145) 113.4 Change in fair value of warrants 1,760 (702) 2,462 nm Change in fair value of contingent considerations (3,157) (3,157) nm Total other expense (14,144) (7,569) (6,575) 86.9 Net loss before benefit from income taxes (96,084) (122,725) 26,641 (21.7) Benefit from income taxes 1,424 1,424 nm Net loss (94,660) (122,725) 28,065 (22.9) 
 1 nm: not meaningful 
 Product revenue, net 
 Gvoke net revenue increased by 13.6 million or 35.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Gvoke prescriptions grew 54.0 in 2022 compared to prior year. The growth in product demand was partially offset by a decrease in net pricing. 
 Keveyis, which was added to our commercial product portfolio through the Acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2021, had net revenue of 49.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Recorlev, which received FDA approval in December 2021, had net revenue of 7.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Cost of goods sold 
 Cost of goods sold was 22.6 million and 13.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase was attributable to sales growth. 
 Research and development expenses 
 Research and development expenses decreased 4.2 million or 16.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily driven by lower product development costs. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 12.0 million or 9.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Personnel-related costs increased by 24.9 million primarily to support Keveyis, acquired in October 2021, and Recorlev, launched in 2022, as well as an expansion of our Gvoke sales force. We also had a 2.7 million increase in 
 70 

marketing expenses primarily to support the launch of Recorlev. The increase was partially offset by 16.3 million lower transaction and restructuring costs related to 2021 Acquisition. 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, amortization of intangible assets was 10.8 million from Keveyis and Recorlev, each of which was acquired as part of the Strongbridge Acquisition in October 2021. 
 Other income (expense) 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, interest expense increased 8.1 million or 113.4 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher interest expense related to the Hayfin loan. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary uses of cash are to fund costs related to the manufacturing, marketing and selling of products, the research and development of our product candidates, general and administrative expenses and working capital requirements. Historically, we have funded our operations primarily through private placements of convertible preferred stock, public equity offerings of common stock, and issuance of debt. In June 2018, we completed our IPO of 6,555,000 shares of our common stock at a price of 15.00 per share for aggregate net proceeds of 88.9 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions as well as other equity offering expenses. In February 2019, we completed an equity offering and sold an aggregate of 5,996,775 shares of common stock at a price of 10.00 per share. Net proceeds from this equity offering were 55.5 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions as well as other equity offering expenses. In September 2019, we entered into the Amended Loan Agreement that provided for term loans of up to an aggregate of 85.0 million, of which 60.0 million was drawn in September 2019 and of which 20.0 million was repaid in June 2020. In August 2019, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC, which covered the offering, issuance and sale by us of up to an aggregate of 250.0 million of our common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants and/or units. We simultaneously entered into a Sales Agreement with Jefferies LLC, as sales agent, to provide for the offering, issuance and sale by us of up to 50.0 million of our common stock from time to time in "at-the-market" offerings under the shelf. The shelf ceased to be available upon the consummation of the Transactions. We have sold an aggregate of 204,427 shares of common stock in at-the-market offerings under the shelf for gross proceeds of 1.8 million before it was ceased. 
 In February 2020, we completed an equity offering and sold 10,299,769 shares of common stock. Net proceeds from this equity offering were 39.8 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions as well as other equity offering expenses. In June 2020, we completed a public notes offering and sold 86.3 million aggregate principal amount of 5.00 Convertible Senior Notes, including 11.3 million pursuant to the underwriters' option to purchase additional notes which was fully exercised in July 2020. Concurrently with the public notes offering, in June 2020, we completed an equity offering and sold 8,510,000 shares of common stock, including 1,110,000 shares pursuant to the underwriters option to purchase additional shares of common stock which was also fully exercised in July 2020. Net proceeds from both June 2020 offerings (including the net proceeds from the exercise of the underwriters' over-allotment options in July 2020) were 102.8 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions as well as other offering expenses. During the second half of 2020, 39.1 million in principal amount of Convertible Notes were converted into 13,171,791 shares of our common stock. In March 2021, we completed a registered direct offering of 6,553,398 shares of our common stock, the net proceeds of which were 26.9 million. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of Convertible Notes was 47.2 million. In October 2020, we entered into a fourth amendment to the Amended Loan Agreement which provided for an additional 3.5 million term loan which was drawn in November 2020. On January 2, 2022, we entered into a securities purchase agreement in connection with the Private Placement with Armistice for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately 30.0 million and completed the transaction on January 3, 2022. In January 2022, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC, which was declared effective on February 7, 2022, and which covers the offering, issuance and sale by us of up to an aggregate of 250.0 million of our common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants and/or units. 
 In March 2022, we, Xeris Pharma and certain subsidiary guarantors, entered into a Credit Agreement and Guaranty (the "Hayfin Loan Agreement") with the lenders from time to time parties thereto (the Lenders and Hayfin Services LLP, as administrative agent for the Lenders, pursuant to which we and our subsidiaries party thereto granted a first priority security interest on substantially all of our assets, including intellectual property, subject to certain exceptions. The Hayfin Loan Agreement provided for the Lenders to extend 100.0 million in term loans to us on the closing date and up to an additional 50.0 million in delayed draw term loans during the one year period immediately following the closing date (collectively, the "Loans"). On December 28, 2022, we borrowed the full amount of such 50.0 million delayed draw term loan under the Hayfin Loan Agreement. In conjunction with the execution of the Hayfin Loan Agreement, the Amended Loan Agreement balance of 43.5 million was repaid in full and fees of 2.1 million in connection with the loan repayment were paid. In addition to utilizing the proceeds to repay the obligations under the Amended Loan Agreement in full, the proceeds will otherwise be used for general corporate purposes. After repayment, the Loans may not be re-borrowed. On September 29, 2022, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement and Guaranty, which provides for the Lenders consent to and allows for the issuance of the letter of credit that was issued to the landlord under the Amended and Restated Lease dated September 29, 2022. 
 Capital Resources and Funding Requirements 
 We have incurred operating losses since inception, and we have an accumulated deficit of 554.8 million at December 31, 2022. Based on our current operating plans and existing working capital at December 31, 2022, we believe that our cash resources are sufficient to sustain operations and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months. We expect to incur substantial 
 71 

additional expenditures in the near term to support the marketing and selling of Gvoke, Keveyis and Recorlev as well as our ongoing research and development activities. We expect to continue to incur net losses for at least the next 12 months. Our ability to fund marketing and selling of Gvoke, Keveyis and Recorlev, as well as our product development and clinical operations, including completion of future clinical trials, will depend on the amount and timing of cash received from product revenue and potential future financings. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND USE OF ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations on our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including, among others, those related to revenue recognition and stock-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors we believe to be appropriate under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 We believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving management s judgments and estimates. Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in "Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" of Item 8 in this Form 10-K. 
 Revenue recognition 
 We apply the guidance in ASC 606, Revenue Recognition , to all contracts with customers within the scope of the standard. 
 We sell product primarily to wholesalers or a specialty pharmacy that subsequently resell to retail pharmacies or patients. We enter into arrangements with payors, group purchasing organizations, and healthcare providers that provide for government-mandated or privately-negotiated rebates, chargebacks and discounts related to our products. We currently sell Gvoke, Keveyis and Recorlev in the United States only and Ogulo (the brand name in the European Union and United Kingdom for the Company's ready-to-use liquid glucagon product) in the United Kingdom. 
 Revenue is recognized when our customer (e.g., a wholesaler or specialty pharmacy) obtains control of promised goods or services, which is when our obligations under the terms of the contract with the customer are satisfied, based on the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those goods or services. 
 Revenues are recorded at the net product sales price, which includes estimated allowances for patient copay assistance programs, prompt payment discounts, payor rebates, chargebacks, service fees, and product returns, all of which are recorded at the time of sale to the pharmaceutical wholesaler or other customer. The Company applies significant judgments and estimates in determining some of these allowances. If actual results differ from its estimates, adjustments are made to these allowances in the period in which the actual results or updates to estimates become known. 
 Patient Copay Assistance Program 
 We offer savings programs to commercially insured patients under which the cost of a prescription to a patient is discounted. We reimburse pharmacies for this discount through a third-party vendor. We record an accrual to reduce gross sales for the estimated copay on units sold to wholesalers and other customers. The estimate is based on estimated percentages of products that will be prescribed to qualified patients, expected patient utilization of the discount program, average assistance paid based on reporting from the third-party vendor as well as industry data and estimated levels of inventory in the distribution channel. Accrued copay fees are recorded as a reduction of product revenue and included in accrued trade discounts and rebates on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Commercial Rebates 
 We contract with certain private payor organizations, primarily insurance companies and pharmacy benefit managers, to provide rebates with respect to utilization of the products and contracted formulary status. We accrue estimated rebates based on actual average rebate amounts and estimated percent of product that will be prescribed to qualified patients and record the rebate as a reduction of product revenue. Accrued commercial rebates are included in accrued trade discounts and rebates on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Government Rebates 
 We participate in certain federal and state government rebate programs such as the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, TRICARE Retail Refunds Program, and Medicare Part D Program. We accrue estimated rebates and discounts based on actual average rebate amounts and estimated percent of product that will be prescribed to qualified patients and record the rebates as a reduction of product revenue. Accrued government rebates are included in accrued trade discounts and rebates on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 73 

Chargebacks 
 We arrange with certain commercial and government entities allowing them to buy products directly from wholesalers at specific prices. These entities purchase products through wholesalers at the discounted price and the wholesalers charge the difference between their list price and the discounted price back to us. We accrue estimated chargebacks based on estimated percentages of products sold to these entities, contract prices, and estimated levels of inventory in the distribution channel and records the chargebacks as a reduction of product revenue. Accrued chargebacks are recorded as an allowance against trade receivables on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Product Returns 
 For some products, our customers generally have the right to return product during the period beginning six months prior to the product expiration date and up to one year after the product expiration date. We do not have extensive history of product returns and use various factors to estimate the provision for returns, including the launch date of products, third-party industry data for comparable products in the market and estimated channel inventory data. In a reporting period, we may decide to constrain revenue for product returns based on information from various sources, including channel inventory levels, inventory dating, prescription data, the expiration dates of product currently being shipped, price changes of competitive products and introductions of generic products. While we believe that our returns reserve is sufficient to avoid a significant reversal of revenue in future periods, if it were to increase or decrease the rate by 1 , it would have a 1.1 million impact on revenue in the year ended December 31, 2022. We record estimated product returns in accrued returns reserve on the consolidated balance sheets and as a reduction of product revenue. 
 Business combinations 
 We account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their acquisition date fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition related costs are expensed as incurred. Upon acquisition, the accounts and results of operations are consolidated as of and subsequent to the acquisition date. 
 When determining the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, we make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. We utilize commonly accepted valuation techniques, such as the income approach, in establishing the fair value of intangible assets. 
 Contingent considerations 
 The fair value of the CVRs was calculated by using a discounted cash flow method for the Keveyis patent milestone and an option pricing method for the Recorlev and Keveyis sales milestones. In the case of Keveyis milestones, we applied a scenario-based method and weighted them based on the possible achievement of the milestone. This fair value measurement is based on significant inputs not observable in the market and thus represents a Level 3 measurement as defined in ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement . The key assumptions used include the discount rate and sales growth. A 1 change of the discount rate will change the CVR value by approximately 0.4 million or 2 . A 10 change of estimated net revenue will change the CVR value by approximately 6 million or 25 . The estimated value of the CVR consideration is based upon available information and certain assumptions which our management believes are reasonable under the circumstances. The ultimate payout under the CVRs may differ materially from the assumptions used in determining the fair value of the CVR consideration. This value is then remeasured for future expected payout as well as the increase in fair value due to the time value of money. These gains or losses, if any, are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 The following table summarizes the reporting of total stock-based compensation expense resulting from employee stock options, restricted stock units, and employee stock purchases under the employee stock purchase plan (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cost of goods sold 106 Research and development 1,593 1,696 Selling, general and administrative 10,567 9,579 Total stock-based compensation expense 12,160 11,381 
 We account for our stock-based compensation awards in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ("ASC 718"). ASC 718 requires all stock-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, to be recognized in the statements of operations based on their grant date fair values. We estimate the grant 
 74 

date fair value of each option award using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. We recognize stock-based compensation expense, equal to the grant date fair value of stock options, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. We account for forfeitures as they are incurred. 
 Estimating the fair value of options requires the input of subjective assumptions, including the estimated fair value of our common stock, the expected life of the option, stock price volatility, the risk-free interest rate and expected dividends. The assumptions used in our Black-Scholes option-pricing model represent management s best estimates and involve a number of variables, uncertainties and assumptions and the application of management s judgment, as they are inherently subjective. If any assumptions change, our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. 
 The assumptions used in our Black-Scholes option-pricing model are estimated as follows: 
 Expected Term. We do not believe we are able to rely on our historical exercise and post-vesting termination activity to provide accurate data for estimating the expected term for use in determining the fair value-based measurement of our options. Therefore, we have opted to use the simplified method for estimating the expected term of options, which is the average of the weighted-average vesting period and contractual term of the option. 
 Expected Volatility. As we have limited trading history for our common stock, the expected stock price volatility assumption is determined based on the historical volatilities of a peer group of publicly traded companies for the period of the term prior to our IPO in June 2018 as well as the historical volatility of our own common stock since we began trading subsequent to our IPO. In evaluating similarity, we consider factors such as stage of development, risk profile, enterprise value and position within the industry. We intend to continue to consistently apply this process using the same public companies until a sufficient amount of historical information regarding the volatility of our own common stock share price becomes available. 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate. The risk-free interest rate is based on the United States Treasury yield in effect at the time of the grant for the zero-coupon United States Treasury note with a term similar to the expected term of the option. 
 Expected Dividends. The expected dividend yield is 0 because we have not historically paid, and do not expect for the foreseeable future to pay, a dividend on our common stock. 
 
 NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 Refer to "Note 2 - Basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies and estimates" in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for a description of recent accounting pronouncements applicable to our financial statements. 
 
 JOBS ACT ACCOUNTING ELECTION 
 In April 2012, the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 ("JOBS Act") was enacted. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. Thus, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of such extended transition period. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to certain market risks arising from transactions in the normal course of business, principally risk associated with interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents restricted cash and Investments We are exposed to the risk of interest rate fluctuations on the interest income earned on our cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and investments. A hypothetical one-percentage point increase or decrease in interest rates applicable to our cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and investments outstanding at December 31, 2022 would increase or decrease interest income by approximately 1.3 million on an annual basis. 
 Long-term Debt Our interest rate risk relates primarily to the United States dollar SOFR-indexed borrowings. Based on our outstanding borrowings pursuant to the Hayfin Loan Agreement, interest is incurred at a floating per annum rate in an amount equal to the sum of (i) 9.0 (or 8.0 per annum if the replacement rate in effect is the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate) plus (ii) the greater of (x) (1) CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) Term SOFR (or the replacement rate, if applicable) if CBA Term SOFR is greater than 1.00 plus 0.26161 or (2) 1.00 if CME Term SOFR is less than 1.00 and (y) one percent (1.00 per annum (or 2.0 per annum if the replacement rate in effect is the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate). Interest on the Convertible Notes is assessed at a fixed rate of 5.0 annually and therefore does not subject us to interest rate risk. 
 75 

Foreign Exchange Risk 
 We contract with research organizations outside the United States at times. We may be subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates in connection with certain of these agreements. Transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are recorded based on exchange rates at the time such transactions arise. As of December 31, 2022, we had immaterial liabilities denominated in the Australian Dollar. Net foreign currency gains and losses did not have a material effect on our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 76 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Index to Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 78 
 Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 79 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 80 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 81 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 82 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 84 
 
 77 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors 
 Xeris Biopharma Holdings, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Xeris Biopharma Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for leases as of January 1, 2022 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) . 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 
 
 March 8, 2023 
 78 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and par value) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Trade accounts receivable, net Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Current operating lease liabilities Other accrued liabilities Accrued trade discounts and rebates Accrued returns reserve Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs Non-current operating lease liabilities Contingent value rights Supply agreement liability, less current portion Deferred rent Deferred tax liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 19) 
 
 Stockholders equity: Preferred stock par value , shares and shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Common stock par value , shares and shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 79 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Product revenue, net Royalty, contract and other revenue Total revenue Costs and expenses: Cost of goods sold, excluding amortization of intangible assets Research and development Selling, general and administrative Amortization of intangible assets Total costs and expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expense): Interest and other income Interest expense ) ) Change in fair value of warrants ) Change in fair value of contingent value rights ) Total other expense ) ) Net loss before benefit from income taxes ) ) Benefit from income taxes Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: Unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss per common share - basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

80 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Common Stock Additional Paid In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2020 
 ) Net loss ) ) Issuance of common stock upon equity offering Issuance of common stock in connection with the Transactions Issuance of equity awards to Strongbridge equity award holders in connection with the Transactions Exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted stock units (net of shares withheld for tax) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock through employee stock purchase plan Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Net loss ) ) Issuance of common stock and warrants upon equity offering Issuance of warrants related to loan agreement Exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted stock units (net of shares withheld for tax) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock through employee stock purchase plan Other comprehensive loss Balance, December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 81 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: 
 Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of investments Amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs Amortization of operating right-of-use assets Deferred income tax benefit ) Stock-based compensation Loss on extinguishment of debt Loss on disposal of property and equipment Gain on the remeasurement of lease liabilities ) Change in fair value of warrants ) Change in fair value of contingent value rights Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade accounts receivable 
 ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 ) Inventory 
 ) ) Accounts payable 
 ) Other accrued liabilities 
 ) Accrued trade discounts and rebates 
 Accrued returns reserve 
 Supply agreement liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities ) Other ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: 
 Capital expenditures ) ) Purchases of investments ) Sales and maturities of investments Cash acquired through acquisition of business Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: 
 Proceeds from equity offerings Payments of equity offering costs ) Proceeds from issuance of debt Repayment of debt ) Payments of debt issuance costs ) Payments for loss on extinguishment of debt ) Proceeds from issuance of employee stock purchase plan shares Proceeds from exercise of stock awards Repurchase of common stock withheld for taxes ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 
 82 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Supplemental schedule of cash flow information: 
 Cash paid for interest Supplemental schedule of non-cash activities: Issuance of warrants related to loan agreement Initial operating lease right-of-use assets for adoption of ASU 2016-02 ) Initial current and non-current operating lease liabilities for adoption of ASU 2016-02 Stock issued in connection with the Acquisition Initial fair value of equity awards and PIPE warrants consideration at acquisition date Initial fair value of contingent consideration at acquisition date 
 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets that agrees to the same amounts shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: 
 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in Other assets Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows 
 These restricted cash items are primarily security deposit in the form of letters of credit for the Company to secure lease. 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 83 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1. 
 commercially available products: Gvoke, a ready-to-use, liquid-stable glucagon for the treatment of severe hypoglycemia; Keveyis, the first therapy approved in the United States to treat hyperkalemic, hypokalemic, and related variants of Primary Periodic Paralysis ("PPP"); and Recorlev, approved by the Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") in December 2021, a cortisol synthesis inhibitor for the treatment of endogenous hypercortisolemia in adult patients with Cushing s syndrome. The Company also has a pipeline of development programs to bring new products forward using its proprietary formulation science, XeriSol TM and XeriJect TM . 
 On October 5, 2021, Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Xeris Pharma") acquired Strongbridge Biopharma plc ("Strongbridge"), a biopharmaceutical company commercializing therapies for rare diseases with significant unmet needs. Immediately following the acquisition and related transactions, both Xeris Pharma and Strongbridge became wholly-owned subsidiaries of Xeris Biopharma. The common stock of Xeris Pharma and the ordinary shares of Strongbridge were de-registered after completion of the Transactions (as defined below in Note 4). On October 6, 2021, Xeris Biopharma s common stock, par value per share, commenced trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq under the ticker symbol "XERS". See "Note 4 Business combination" for a more detailed description of the Transactions. 
 As used herein, the "Company" or "Xeris" refers to Xeris Pharma when referring to periods prior to the acquisition of Strongbridge on October 5, 2021 and to Xeris Biopharma when referring to periods on or subsequent to October 5, 2021. Throughout this document, unless otherwise noted, references to Gvoke include Gvoke PFS, Gvoke HypoPen, Gvoke Kit and Ogluo (glucagon). 
 Liquidity and capital resources 
 The Company has incurred operating losses since inception and has an accumulated deficit of million as of December 31, 2022. The Company expects to continue to incur net losses for at least the next 12 months beyond the issuance date of these consolidated financial statements. Based on the Company s current operating plans, existing working capital at December 31, 2022, capital raised in 2022, the Company believes that its cash resources are sufficient to sustain operations and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months from the issuance date of these consolidated financial statements. If needed, the Company may elect to finance its operations through equity or debt financing along with revenues. 
 There can be no assurance that such funding may be available to the Company on acceptable terms, or at all, or that the Company will be able to successfully market and sell Gvoke, Keveyis and Recorlev. Market volatility resulting from COVID-19, geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, rising interest rates, inflationary pressures, the tightening of lending standards or other factors could also adversely impact the Company's ability to access capital as and when needed. The issuance of equity securities may result in dilution to stockholders. If the Company raises additional funds through the issuance of additional debt, which may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of the Company's common stockholders, the terms of the debt could impose significant restrictions on the Company's operations. The failure to raise funds as and when needed could have a negative impact on the Company's financial condition and ability to pursue its business strategies. If additional funding is not secured when required, the Company may need to delay or curtail its operations until such funding is received, which would have a material adverse impact on the business prospects and results of operations. 
 Significant risks 
 The Company is subject to a number of risks similar to other specialty pharmaceutical companies, including, but not limited to, successful commercialization and market acceptance of available products and any future products, if and when approved, successful development of the product candidates, the development of new technological innovations by competitors, and protection of intellectual property. 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant governmental measures being implemented to control the spread of the virus and has caused the Company to modify its business practices (including remote work for most of its employees from time to time). While the Company cannot predict the scope and severity, these developments and measures could materially and adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition. The Company is continuing to closely monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on all aspects of the business and is taking steps to minimize the impact on the business. However, the extent to which COVID-19 impacts the business, results of operations or financial condition will depend on the extent and severity of the continued spread of COVID-19 globally, the effectiveness of actions taken to contain the pandemic or treat its impact, and the resulting economic consequences, among others. Furthermore, if the Company or any of the third parties with whom the Company engages were to experience shutdowns or other business disruptions, the Company's ability to conduct the business in the manner and 
 84 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

85 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 2. 
 86 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 While the Company believes that the returns reserve is sufficient to avoid a significant reversal of revenue in future periods, if it were to increase or decrease the rate by , it would have a million impact on revenue in the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company records estimated product returns in accrued returns reserve on the consolidated balance sheets and as a reduction of product revenue. 
 Prompt Payment Discounts 
 As an incentive for prompt payment, the Company offers a discount to most customers. The Company expects that all eligible customers will comply with the contractual terms to earn the discount, and, therefore, the Company accrues the discount on all eligible sales. The Company records the discount as an allowance against trade accounts receivable on the consolidated balance sheets and as a reduction of product revenue. 
 Service Fees 
 The Company records service fees paid to the wholesaler and specialty pharmacy customers for distribution and inventory management services as a reduction to product revenue. The Company accrues estimated service fees based on contractually determined amounts. Accrued service fees are included in accrued trade discounts and rebates on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Concentration of credit risk 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, four customers accounted for and of the Company s gross product revenue, respectively. At both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the same four customers accounted for of the trade accounts receivable, net. 
 Cost of goods sold 
 Cost of goods sold includes primarily product costs, which include all costs directly related to the purchase of raw materials, charges from contract manufacturing organizations, and manufacturing overhead costs, including shipping and distribution charges. Cost of goods sold also includes losses on excess, slow-moving or obsolete inventory and inventory purchase commitments, if any. Manufacturing costs for Gvoke and Recorlev incurred prior to approval and initial commercialization were expensed as research and development expenses. 
 The Company does not incur material cost of goods sold related to royalty, contract and other revenue. 
 Research and development expenses 
 Research and development expenses are expensed as incurred. Research and development expenses include salaries, stock compensation and other personnel-related costs, consulting fees, fees paid for contract research and development services including those for preclinical and clinical trials, laboratory equipment and facilities costs, and other external costs. In addition, manufacturing costs of products prior to approval and initial commercialization are expensed as research and development costs. 
 Nonrefundable advance payments for goods or services to be received in the future for use in research and development activities are deferred and capitalized. The capitalized amounts are expensed as the related goods are received, the services are performed, or the arrangement is terminated. 
 87 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

88 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 years Computer equipment years Leasehold improvements Lesser of useful life or lease term Software - years 
 Furniture and fixtures years Office equipment years 
 Impairment of long-lived assets 
 The Company periodically evaluates long-lived assets for potential impairment in accordance with ASC 360, Property, Plant and Equipment . Potential impairment is assessed when there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recovered. Recoverability of these assets is assessed based on undiscounted expected future cash flows from the assets, considering a number of factors, including past operating results, budgets and economic projections, market trends and product development cycles. If impairments are identified, assets are written down to their estimated fair value. 
 The Company recognized no impairment charges for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Business combinations 
 The Company accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their acquisition date fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition related costs are expensed as incurred. Upon acquisition, the accounts and results of operations are consolidated as of and subsequent to the acquisition date. 
 When determining the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, management makes significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. The Company utilizes commonly accepted valuation techniques, such as the income approach in establishing the fair value of intangible assets. See Note 4 Business combination for additional detail. 
 Goodwill 
 The Company tests goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or whenever events occur that may indicate possible impairment. Goodwill is recorded as the difference, if any, between the aggregate consideration paid for an acquisition and the fair value of the net tangible and identified intangible assets acquired under a business combination. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment at a reporting unit level annually in the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that the goodwill might be impaired. The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. If, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, the Company determines that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the net assets is less than their carrying amount, then the quantitative goodwill impairment test is unnecessary. 
 If, based on the qualitative assessment, it is determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the net assets is less than their carrying amount, then the Company proceeds to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. In connection with the annual impairment test conducted in the fourth quarter of 2022 and 2021, the Company performed a qualitative assessment in connection with the annual goodwill impairment evaluation and determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the net assets exceeded their carrying value. 
 Intangible assets 
 Acquired definite life intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over their respective estimated useful lives. The Company evaluates the potential impairment of intangible assets if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable or that the useful lives of these assets are no longer appropriate. 
 The identified intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances arise that may indicate that the carrying amount of its intangible assets may not be recoverable. These events and changes can include significant current period operating losses or negative cash flows associated with the use of an intangible asset, or group of assets, combined with a history of such factors, significant changes in the manner of use of the assets, and current expectations that it is more likely than not that an intangible asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. When impairment indicators are present, the Company compares undiscounted future cash flows to the asset group s carrying value to determine if the asset group is recoverable. If the carrying values are in excess of undiscounted expected future cash flows, the Company measures any impairment by comparing the fair value of the asset or asset group to its carrying value. 
 No impairment expense was recorded for identified intangible assets during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 89 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 90 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million lease liability equal to the present value of lease payments and a million operating lease ROU asset, which is the corresponding lease liability adjusted for unamortized lease incentives. The impact of these changes at adoption had no impact on net income or shareholders equity. Prior periods were not restated under the new standard. See "Note 18 - Leases" for further details . 
 Other assets ) Liabilities and stockholders equity Other accrued liabilities ) Current operating lease liabilities Deferred rent ) Other liabilities ) Non-current operating lease liabilities 
 Pending accounting standards 
 In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity . This standard eliminates certain accounting models to simplify the accounting for convertible instruments, expands the disclosure requirements related to the terms and features of convertible instruments, and amends the guidance for the derivatives scope exception for contracts settled in an entity s own equity. This standard enhances the consistency of earnings-per-share ("EPS") calculations by requiring that an entity use the if-converted method and that the effect of potential share settlement be included in diluted EPS calculations and disclosures. This standard is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after 
 91 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 92 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 3. 
 Keveyis 
 Recorlev Product revenue, net Royalty, contract and other revenue Total revenue 
 93 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 4. 
 of a share of the Company s common stock ("Company Shares") and cash in lieu of fractions of Company Shares in exchange for each Strongbridge Share held by such Strongbridge Shareholders and (ii) one (1) non-tradeable Contingent Value Right ("CVR"), worth up to a maximum of per Strongbridge Share settleable in cash, additional Company Shares, or a combination of cash and additional Company Shares, at the Company s sole election and (b) MergerSub merged with and into Xeris Pharma, with Xeris Pharma, as the surviving corporation in the merger (the Merger, and the Merger together with the Acquisition, the "Transactions"). 
 Upon completion of the Merger, (a) each share of Xeris Pharma common stock was assumed by the Company and converted into the right to receive one Company Share and any cash in lieu of fractional entitlements due to a Xeris Pharma shareholder and (b) each Xeris Pharma option, stock appreciation right, restricted share award and other Xeris Pharma share based award that was outstanding was assumed by the Company and converted into an equivalent equity award of the Company, which award was subject to the same number of shares and the same terms and conditions as were applicable to the Xeris Pharma award in respect of which it was issued. On October 6, 2021, the Company s common stock, par value per share, commenced trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market ("Nasdaq") under the ticker symbol "XERS". 
 See "Note 16 Stock compensation plans" for a more detailed description of the equity award plans assumed in the Transactions. See "Note 13 Warrants" for a more detailed description of the warrants assumed in the Transactions. 
 The Acquisition was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting under the provisions of ASC 805, Business Combinations . 
 The Acquisition has and will continue to diversify and increase the Company s revenue base into the specialized commercial platforms and expand the development pipeline. Additionally, the Company has achieved significant synergies by eliminating redundant processes and reducing headcount, most notably within the commercial, executive and general and administrative functions. 
 Acquisition consideration 
 million, which consisted of the following: 
 Fair value of consideration transferred (in thousands, except share number) Xeris Biopharma Holdings, Inc. common shares shares) 
 Unexercised Strongbridge options assumed by Xeris Pharma and converted into options to purchase Company Shares 
 Strongbridge warrants Contingent consideration (Contingent value rights) 
 Total consideration 
 The fair value of the common stock issued was determined based on the closing market price of shares of the Company s common stock on the acquisition date. There were no changes to the purchase price allocation in 2022 and the measurement period closed on June 30, 2022. 
 
 The fair value of the equity accounting warrants, which were assumed by the Company in connection with the Transactions, was determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model, which considers the expected terms of the warrants from the acquisition closing date as well as the risk-free interest rate, new exercise price after the conversion rate multiplied by and a volatility of (a weighting of of Xeris volatility and of Strongbridge volatility is used). 
 
 The fair value of the private placement warrants which were assumed by the Company in connection with the Transactions, was determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model which considers the expected terms of the private placement warrants from the acquisition closing date as well as the risk-free interest rate, current exercise price of multiplied by (the average of Xeris Pharma closing prices for the period ending three trading days prior to acquisition closing date/the average of Strongbridge closing prices for the period ending three trading days prior to acquisition closing date) and a volatility of . 
 The CVRs represent contingent additional consideration of up to for each CVR, payable to CVR holders, to satisfy future performance milestones, settleable in cash, common stock, or a combination of cash and common stock, at the Company's sole election. The CVRs are conditioned upon the achievement of the following: 
 94 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 per CVR, upon the earlier of the first listing of any patent in the FDA's Orange Book for Keveyis by the end of 2023 or the first achievement of at least million in net revenue of Keveyis in 2023; 
 2023 Recorlev Milestone: per CVR, upon the first achievement of at least million in net revenue of Recorlev in 2023; and 
 2024 Recorlev Milestone: per CVR, upon the first achievement of at least million in net revenue of Recorlev in 2024. 
 Refer to "Note 14 - Fair Value Measurements", for information related to the fair value measurements on CVRs and valuation methods utilized. 
 As of the acquisition closing date, there were approximately million CVRs. There will be additional issuances of up to million CVRs to holders of Strongbridge rollover options and assumed warrants upon exercise. 
 Purchase price allocation 
 In accordance with ASC 805, Xeris Pharma was determined to be the accounting acquirer in the Acquisition. The Company has applied the acquisition method of accounting that requires, among other things, that identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed generally be recognized on the balance sheet at fair value as of the acquisition date. In determining the fair value, the Company utilized various forms of the income, cost and market approaches depending on the asset or liability being fair valued. The estimation of fair value required significant judgment related to future net cash flows (including revenue, operating expenses, and working capital), discount rates reflecting the risk inherent in each cash flow stream, competitive trends, market comparables and other factors. Inputs were generally determined by taking into account historical data (supplemented by current and anticipated market conditions), trends and growth rates. 
 Trade accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment IPR D Other intangible asset Other assets Total identifiable assets acquired Accounts payable ) Other accrued liabilities ) Accrued trade discounts and rebates ) Supply agreement liability ) Deferred tax liabilities ) Other liabilities ) Total liabilities assumed ) Net identifiable assets acquired Goodwill Net assets acquired 
 There were changes to the purchase price allocation in 2022 and the measurement period closed on June 30, 2022. 
 The following is a description of the methods used to determine the fair values of significant assets and liabilities. 
 In-process research and development ("IPR D") and other intangible asset 
 The IPR D intangible asset represents the recording of the acquired IPR D indefinite-lived intangible asset related to Recorlev. The other intangible asset represents the commercial product in the form of Keveyis. The fair value for the IPR D and other intangible assets were based on assumptions developed by management and other information compiled by management including, but not 
 95 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 which reflects the time period in which the Company expects to receive the benefits of the related cash flows. 
 Goodwill 
 The excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed was recognized as goodwill. Goodwill is generated from operational synergies and cost savings the Company expects to achieve from the combined operations and Strongbridge s knowledgeable and experienced workforce. The majority of the goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 Transaction costs 
 In connection with the Transactions, the Company incurred significant expenses in 2021, including transaction costs (e.g., bankers' fees, legal fees, consultant fees, etc.). Such transaction costs totaled million and were fully recorded in the selling, general and administrative expenses in 2021 through the first half of 2022. 
 Supplemental pro forma information 
 The following unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information assumes the companies were combined as of January 1, 2020. The pro forma financial information as presented below is for informational purposes only and is based on estimates and assumptions that have been made solely for purposes of developing such pro forma information. This is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the Acquisition had taken place on January 1, 2020, nor is it necessarily indicative of future results. Consequently, actual results could differ materially from the unaudited pro forma financial information presented below. 
 Net loss 
 ) ) 
 These amounts have been calculated after applying the Company s accounting policies and adjusting the results of Xeris to reflect the additional depreciation and amortization that would have been charged assuming the fair value adjustments to intangible assets had been applied on January 1, 2020. 
 The unaudited supplemental pro forma information above does not include any cost saving synergies from operating efficiencies. There is a tax impact on the pro forma adjustments due to deferred tax liabilities being greater than the deferred tax assets in Ireland. For the other non-Irish entities, there is no tax impact of the pro forma adjustments reflected as both companies are, and have been for some time, in net operating loss positions and have full valuation allowances against their net deferred tax assets on both a historical and pro forma basis. 
 96 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 5. 
 short-term investments as of December 31, 2022. 
 Corporate securities ) Foreign government securities ) Total available-for-sale investments ) 
 The Company reviews available-for-sale investments for other-than-temporary impairment loss periodically. The Company considers factors such as the duration, severity of and reason for the decline in value, the potential recovery period and the Company's intent to sell. For debt securities, the Company also considers whether (i) it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the debt securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis and (ii) the amortized cost basis cannot be recovered as a result of credit losses. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not recognize any other-than-temporary impairment losses. All marketable securities with unrealized losses have been in a loss position for less than twelve months. 
 
 Note 6. 
 Work in process Finished goods Inventory 
 Inventory reserves were million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 97 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 7. 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 Computer equipment 
 Office equipment Software 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Total property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Note 8. Goodwill 
 Goodwill is evaluated for potential impairment annually, as of the beginning of the fourth quarter and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of goodwill may not be recoverable. The process of evaluating goodwill for potential impairment is subjective and requires significant estimates, assumptions and judgments. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company assessed qualitative and quantitative factors and determined that it was not more-likely-than-not that the fair value of the one reporting unit was less than the carrying value as of the testing date. As a result of the assessment, no goodwill impairment charge was recorded during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 98 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 9. 
 ) ) Definite-lived intangible asset - Recorlev ) Total intangible assets ) ) 
 Keveyis is the developed product rights obtained from Strongbridge's acquisition of the United States marketing rights to Keveyis (dichlorphenamide) from Taro Pharmaceuticals North America, Inc. ("Taro"). 
 Recorlev was acquired as a result of the Acquisition and was approved by the FDA on December 30, 2021. The IPR D asset was reclassified as a definite-lived intangible asset in 2021 and began being amortized on a straight-line basis over an estimated useful life of years assigned based on the economic life and remaining patent life. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company reviewed the indicators for impairment and concluded that no impairment of its definite-lived intangible assets existed. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 99 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 10. 
 Supply agreement - current portion Accrued supply chain costs Accrued marketing costs Accrued research and development costs 
 Accrued restructuring charges Accrued interest expense 
 Accrued Strongbridge transaction costs Accrued other costs 
 Other accrued liabilities 

Note 11. 
 million related to this plan, which has been fully recorded through 2022. Costs of million were incurred in the year ended December 31, 2022, with the majority incurred in the first quarter of 2022. The majority of the restructuring costs are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company anticipates the restructuring related to the Strongbridge acquisition to be complete by the fourth quarter of 2023. The restructuring reserve is included in other accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Payments ) Balance accrued at December 31, 2021 
 Restructuring costs Payments ) Balance accrued at December 31, 2022 
 
 million were incurred related to the relocation of the Company's research and development laboratory from San Diego to Chicago and the restructuring was substantially complete by the end of the fourth quarter of 2021, with a balance of thousand remained as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Note 12. 
 million aggregate principal amount of Xeris Pharma's Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (the "Convertible Notes"), including million pursuant to the underwriters' option to purchase additional notes, which was exercised in full in July 2020. Xeris Pharma incurred debt issuance costs of million in connection with the issuance of the Convertible Notes. Xeris Pharma used million and million of the net proceeds from the sale to prepay a portion of the principal amount on the Term A Loan (as defined below) and the remaining amount of borrowings outstanding under the PPP Loan (as defined below), respectively. 
 The Convertible Notes are governed by the terms of a base indenture for senior debt securities dated June 30, 2020 (the "Base Indenture"), between Xeris Pharma and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, as supplemented by the first supplemental indenture thereto dated June 30, 2020 (the "First Supplemental Indenture"), between U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, and the second supplemental indenture thereto dated October 5, 2021 (the "Supplemental Indenture" and together with the Base Indenture 
 100 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, beginning on January 15, 2021, to holders of record at the close of business on the preceding January 1 and July 1, respectively. The Convertible Notes will mature on July 15, 2025, unless earlier converted or redeemed or repurchased by the Company. 
 At any time before the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, holders of Convertible Notes may convert their Convertible Notes at their option into shares of the Company s common stock, together, if applicable, with cash in lieu of any fractional share, at the then-applicable conversion rate. The conversion rate for the Convertible Notes will initially be shares of the Company s common stock per principal amount of Convertible Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock, and is subject to adjustment under the terms of the Convertible Notes. In the event of certain circumstances, the Company will increase the conversion rate, provided that the conversion rate will not exceed shares of the Company's common stock per principal amount of Convertible Notes. 
 In the second half of 2020, million in principal amount of Convertible Notes were converted into shares of Xeris Pharma s common stock at the conversion rate of shares per principal amount of Convertible Notes. Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2020, Xeris Pharma entered into separate, privately negotiated exchange agreements with certain holders of Convertible Notes to exchange million in principal amount of Convertible Notes for shares of Xeris Pharma s common stock. Xeris Pharma recognized a million loss related to the convertible note exchange transactions. 
 The Convertible Notes are senior, unsecured obligations and are equal in right of payment with Xeris Pharma's existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness, senior in right of payment to its future indebtedness, if any, that is expressly subordinated to the Convertible Notes, and effectively subordinated to its existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness. The Convertible Notes are structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, and (to the extent Xeris Pharma is not a holder thereof) preferred equity, if any, of the Company s other direct and indirect subsidiaries. 
 As a result of the Transactions, and pursuant to the Second Supplemental Indenture, the Convertible Notes are no longer convertible into shares of common stock of Xeris Pharma common stock. Instead, subject to the terms and conditions of the Indenture, the Convertible Notes will be exchangeable into cash and shares of common stock of the Company in proportion to the transaction consideration payable pursuant to the Transaction Agreement, and the "Reference Property" provisions in the Indenture. 
 Pursuant to the Second Supplemental Indenture, the Company agreed to guarantee (a) the full and punctual payment when due of all monetary obligations of Xeris Pharma under the Indenture and (b) the full and punctual performance within applicable grace periods of all other obligations of Xeris Pharma under the Indenture. 
 The fair value of the convertible senior notes is determined from using current interest rates based on credit ratings and the remaining term of maturity. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the convertible senior notes was approximately 40.5 million. 
 Loan Agreement 
 In September 2019, Xeris Pharma entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the "Amended Loan Agreement") with Oxford Finance LLC ("Oxford"), as the collateral agent (in such capacity, the "Collateral Agent") and a lender, and Silicon Valley Bank, as a lender ("SVB", and together with Oxford, the "Prior Lenders"), which amended and restated that certain Loan and Security Agreement dated February 28, 2018 with the Prior Lenders in its entirety. The Amended Loan Agreement provided for the Prior Lenders to extend up to million in term loans to Xeris Pharma in tranches, of which million was drawn down in September 2019. 
 In March 2022, the Company, Xeris Pharma and certain subsidiary guarantors of the Company entered into a Credit Agreement and Guaranty (the "Hayfin Loan Agreement") with the lenders from time to time parties thereto (the "Lenders") and Hayfin Services LLP, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the "Agent"), pursuant to which the Company and its subsidiaries party thereto granted a first priority security interest on substantially all of their assets, including intellectual property, subject to certain exceptions. The Hayfin Loan Agreement provided for the Lenders to extend million in term loans to the Company on the closing date and up to an additional million in delayed draw term loans during the one year period immediately following the closing date (collectively, the "Loans"). On December 28, 2022, the Company borrowed the full amount of such million delayed draw term loan under the Hayfin Loan Agreement. In conjunction with the execution of the Hayfin Loan Agreement, the Amended Loan Agreement balance of million was repaid in full and fees of million in connection with the loan repayment were paid. In addition to utilizing the proceeds to repay the obligations under the Amended Loan Agreement in full, the proceeds will otherwise be used for general corporate purposes. After repayment, the Loans may not be re-borrowed. 
 All of the Loans incur interest at a floating per annum rate in an amount equal to the sum of (i) (or per annum if the replacement rate in effect is the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate) plus (ii) the greater of (x) (1) CME Group Benchmark Administration 
 101 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 plus or (2) if CME Term SOFR is less than and (y) one percent per annum (or per annum if the replacement rate in effect is the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate). Following the borrowing of the delayed draw term loans in December 2022, the Company has incurred total debt issuance costs of approximately million related to the Hayfin Loan Agreement, which are being amortized to interest expense over the life of the loan using the effective interest method. The remaining balance of unamortized debt issuance costs have been reflected as a direct reduction to the loan balance. The effective interest rate, including the amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs, amounts to , maturing March 2027. The debt outstanding under the Hayfin Loan Agreement approximates fair value due to the variable interest rate on the debt. 
 The Loans will mature on March 8, 2027; provided, however, that the Loans will mature on January 15, 2025 if the Convertible Notes are still outstanding as of such date and either (i) the maturity date thereof has not been extended to a date on or after September 4, 2027 or (ii) the Company has not received net cash proceeds from one or more permitted equity raises or permitted raises of convertible debt which, together with no more than million of cash on hand, is sufficient to redeem and discharge the Convertible Notes in full. 
 The Hayfin Loan Agreement allows the Company to voluntarily prepay the outstanding amounts thereunder. The Company is subject to an early prepayment fee equal to (i) for any prepayment that occurs prior to the second anniversary of the closing date, the applicable make-whole amount, (ii) for any prepayment that occurs after the second anniversary of the closing date but on or prior to the fourth anniversary of the closing date: (x) the amount of any principal so prepaid, multiplied by (y) for any prepayment that occurs (A) after the second anniversary of the closing date and on or prior to the third anniversary of the closing date, five percent ), (B) after the third anniversary of the closing date and on or prior to the fourth anniversary of the closing date, three percent ), and (C) after the fourth anniversary of the closing date, zero percent ). 
 The Hayfin Loan Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, events of default and affirmative and negative covenants, including, among others, covenants that limit or restrict the Company s ability to incur additional indebtedness, grant liens, merge or consolidate, make acquisitions, pay dividends or other distributions or repurchase equity, make investments, dispose of assets and enter into certain transactions with affiliates, in each case subject to certain exceptions. Associated with the Hayfin Loan Agreement, the Lenders also received warrants to purchase shares of the common stock of the Company at a price of per share. Refer to "Note 13 - Warrants" for further information on the warrants. 
 On September 29, 2022, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement and Guaranty ("Amendment No. 1") with Xeris Pharma, the Lenders parties thereto and the Agent, to amend the Hayfin Loan Agreement. Amendment No. 1 provides for the Lenders consent to and allows for the issuance of the letter of credit that was issued to the landlord under the Amended and Restated Lease dated September 29, 2022 between Xeris Pharma and Fulton Ogden Venture, LLC, as the landlord, for the premises located at 1375 West Fulton Street in Chicago. 
 Loan facility Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Long-term debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 million and million, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, related to the amortization of debt discount and issuance costs and a million loss on extinguishment of debt in the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the Amended Loan Agreement with the Prior Lenders, which ceased in March 2022. 
 102 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 13. 
 shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrants became exercisable immediately upon the closing of the transaction and have a term of from the earliest of the date (a) of effectiveness of the resale registration statement, which was February 7, 2022, (b) all of the shares of the Company s common stock issued or issuable to Armistice under the securities purchase agreement and all shares of the Company's common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants (the "Warrant Shares") have been sold pursuant to Rule 144 or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, (c) following the one-year anniversary of the date of closing provided that the holder of Shares or Warrant Shares is not an affiliate of the Company, or (d) all of the shares and Warrant Shares may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(1) of the Securities Act without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions. 
 Associated with the Hayfin Loan Agreement disclosed in "Note 12 - Long-term debt", the Lenders also received warrants to purchase shares of the common stock of the Company at a price of per share. The warrants are (i) exercisable until the seventh (7th) anniversary of the closing date; (ii) freely transferable and detachable from the Loans; and (iii) subject to customary warrant holder rights and protections, including structural-based anti-dilution protection and adjustments for stock dividends, splits, combinations, reclassifications and the like. 
 February 2025 2018 Term B Warrants 
 September 2025 
 Warrants classified as equities: Warrants in connection with CRG loan agreement July 2024 Warrants in connection with CRG loan amendment in January 2018 January 2025 Warrants in connection with Avenue Capital loan agreement May 2025 Warrants in connection with Avenue Capital loan agreement December 2025 Warrants in connection with Horizon and Oxford loan agreement December 2026 Warrants in connection with Armistice securities purchase agreement February 2027 Warrants in connection with Hayfin loan agreement March 2029 
 The Company recognized gains of and upon the change in fair value of the warrants during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the 2018 Term A Warrants and the 2018 Term B Warrants, respectively. The Company recognized gains of million related to the change in fair value and the expiration of the assumed Strongbridge private placement warrants in June 2022. The Company recognized gains (losses) of ), and upon the change in fair value of the warrants during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to the assumed Strongbridge private placement warrants, the 2018 Term A Warrants and the 2018 Term B Warrants, respectively. 
 103 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 14. 
 Liabilities Contingent value rights Warrant liabilities 
 Total as of December 31, 2021 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets Cash and cash equivalents: Cash and money market funds Investments: Corporate securities Commercial paper Foreign government Total investments Liabilities Contingent value rights Warrant liabilities 
 104 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 of a share of the Company Shares and cash in lieu of fractions of Company Shares in exchange for each Strongbridge Share held by such Strongbridge Shareholders and (ii) one CVR. Strongbridge s outstanding equity awards were treated as set forth in the Transaction Agreement, such that (i) each Strongbridge Share Award was vested and settled for Strongbridge Shares immediately prior to the effective time of the Scheme, (ii) each Strongbridge Option became fully vested and exercisable immediately prior to the effective time of the Scheme, (iii) each unexercised Strongbridge Option was assumed by the Company and converted into an option to purchase Company Shares. 
 Contingent consideration obligations are recorded at their estimated fair values and these obligations are revalued each reporting period until the related contingencies are resolved. The CVRs are adjusted to fair value using the methods described above at the end of each reporting period. Significant changes which increase or decrease the probabilities of achieving the related milestones or shorten or lengthen the time required to achieve such events would result in corresponding increases or decreases in the fair values of these obligations. 
 The Company has determined that the CVR liabilities' fair values are Level 3 items within the fair value hierarchy. 
 Change in fair value of CVRs Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Change in fair value of CVRs Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 Refer to "Note 19 Commitments and contingencies" for additional information on the CVRs. 
 Warrant liability 
 The fair value of the Company s warrant liabilities is based on a Black-Scholes valuation, which considers the expected term of the warrants as well as the risk-free interest rate and expected volatility of the Company's common stock. The uncertainty of the fair value measurement due to the use of unobservable inputs and interrelationships between these unobservable inputs could result in higher or lower fair value measurement. 
 The Company has determined that the warrant liabilities' fair values are Level 3 items within the fair value hierarchy. 
 Assumption of Strongbridge private placement warrants Change in fair value of warrants 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Change in fair value of warrants and expiration of Strongbridge private placement warrants ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 There were no transfers between any of the levels of the fair value hierarchy during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 105 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 15. 
 million authorized shares of stock are divided into million shares of common stock, par value per share, and million shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value per share. At December 31, 2022, none of the million shares of preferred stock were outstanding, and the Company has no present plans to issue any shares of preferred stock. The Company s board of directors has the authority, without action by the Company s stockholders, to designate and issue the preferred stock in one or more series and to designate the rights, preferences, limitations and privileges of each series of preferred stock, which may be greater than the rights of the Company s common stock. 
 The Company has not paid any cash dividends on the common stock during the periods presented. 
 In March 2021, the Company completed a registered direct offering of shares of the common stock at a price of per share. Net proceeds from the equity offering were approximately million after deducting offering expenses. 
 On October 5, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of Strongbridge. Upon completion of the Merger, (a) each share of Xeris Pharma common stock was assumed by the Company and converted into the right to receive one Company Share and any cash in lieu of fractional entitlements due to a Xeris Pharma shareholder and (b) each Xeris Pharma option, stock appreciation right, restricted share award and other Xeris Pharma share based award that was outstanding was assumed by the Company and converted into an equivalent equity award of the Company, which award was subject to the same number of shares and the same terms and conditions as were applicable to the Xeris Pharma award in respect of which it was issued. 
 Upon completion of the Merger, the Company acquired all of the outstanding Strongbridge Shares in exchange for (i) 0.7840 of a share of the Company Shares and cash in lieu of fractions of Company Shares in exchange for each Strongbridge Share held by such Strongbridge Shareholders and (ii) one CVR. Strongbridge s outstanding equity awards were treated as set forth in the Transaction Agreement, such that (i) each Strongbridge Share Award was vested and settled for Strongbridge Shares immediately prior to the effective time of the Scheme, (ii) each Strongbridge Option became fully vested and exercisable immediately prior to the effective time of the Scheme, (iii) each unexercised Strongbridge Option was assumed by the Company and converted into an option to purchase Company Shares. 
 On January 3, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement in connection with a private placement with an affiliate of Armistice Capital, LLC Armistice for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately million. In accordance with the purchase agreement, the Company issued to Armistice an aggregate of (i) shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share at a purchase price of per share, and (ii) warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrants became exercisable immediately upon the closing of the transaction and have a term of from the earliest of the date (a) of effectiveness of the resale registration statement, which was February 7, 2022, (b) all of the shares and the Company's common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants (the "Warrant Shares") have been sold pursuant to Rule 144 or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, (c) following the one-year anniversary of the date of closing provided that the holder of Shares or Warrant Shares is not an affiliate of the Company, or (d) all of the shares and Warrant Shares may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(1) of the Securities Act without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions. 
 
 Note 16. 
 incentive stock option and non-qualified stock option awards. 
 The 2018 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the "2018 Plan") was adopted by the Board of Directors in April 2018 and approved by the Company's stockholders in June 2018 to award up to shares of common stock. This plan became effective on the date immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Company's IPO registration statement. The 2018 Plan replaced the 2011 Plan as the Board of Directors decided not to make additional awards under the 2011 Plan following the closing of the IPO, which occurred in June 2018. The 2018 Plan allows the compensation committee to make equity-based and cash-based incentive awards to the Company's officers, employees, directors and other key persons (including consultants). No grants of stock options or other awards may be made under the 2018 Plan after the tenth anniversary of the effective date. 
 The 2018 Plan provides that the number of shares reserved and available for issuance under the plan will automatically increase each January 1, beginning on January 1, 2019, and each January 1 thereafter, by of the outstanding number of shares of the Company's common stock on the immediately preceding December 31, or such lesser number of shares as determined by the compensation committee. This number is subject to adjustment in the event of a stock split, stock dividend or other change affecting the Company's common stock. On January 1, 2022 and 2021, the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2018 Plan was automatically increased by shares and shares, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of common stock available for future issuance under the 2018 Plan. 
 106 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 shares of common stock to participating employees. Through the ESPP, eligible employees may authorize payroll deductions of up to of their compensation to purchase up to the number of shares of common stock determined by dividing by the closing market price of Xeris common stock on the offering date. The purchase price per share at each purchase date is equal to of the lower of (i) the closing market price per share of Xeris common stock on the employee s offering date or (ii) the closing market price per share of Xeris common stock on the purchase date. Each offering period has a six-month duration and purchase interval with a purchase date of the last business day of June and December each year. This plan became effective on the date immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Company's IPO registration statement. The ESPP provides that the number of shares reserved and available for issuance will automatically increase each January 1, beginning on January 1, 2019 and each January 1 thereafter through January 1, 2028, by the least of (i) of the outstanding number of shares of our common stock on the immediately preceding December 31; (ii) shares or (iii) such lesser number of shares as determined by the ESPP administrator. On January 1, 2022 and 2021, the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the ESPP increased by shares and shares, respectively. The number of shares reserved under the ESPP is subject to adjustment in the event of a stock split, stock dividend or other change affecting the Company's common stock. The Company issued shares at a weighted average price of per share during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for issuance under the ESPP. 
 The Equity Inducement Plan (the "Inducement Plan") was adopted by the Board of Directors in February 2019. The Inducement Plan was adopted without stockholder approval pursuant to Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. The Inducement Plan allows the Company to make stock option or restricted stock unit awards to prospective employees of the Company as an inducement to such individuals to commence employment with the Company. The Company uses this Inducement Plan to help it attract and retain prospective employees who are necessary to support the commercialization of products and the expansion of the Company generally. The Company initially reserved shares of common stock for the issuance of awards under the Inducement Plan. This number is subject to adjustment in the event of a stock split, stock dividend or other change affecting the Company's common stock. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of common stock available for future issuance under the Inducement Plan. 
 Assumed Plans 
 At the effective time of the Scheme, Strongbridge s outstanding equity awards were treated as set forth in the Transaction Agreement, such that (i) each award (other than options to buy shares, each a "Strongbridge Share Award") denominated in Strongbridge Shares was vested and settled for Strongbridge Shares immediately prior to the effective time of the Scheme, (ii) each Strongbridge Option became fully vested and exercisable immediately prior to the effective time of the Scheme, (iii) each unexercised Strongbridge Option was assumed by the Company and converted into an option to purchase Company shares (each, a "Strongbridge Rollover Option"), with the exercise price per Company share and the number of Company shares underlying the Strongbridge Rollover Option adjusted to reflect the conversion from Strongbridge Shares into Company shares, provided that each Strongbridge Rollover Option will continue to have, and be subject to, the same terms and conditions that applied to the corresponding Strongbridge Rollover Option (except for terms rendered inoperative by reason of the Acquisition or for immaterial administrative or ministerial changes that are not adverse to any holder other than in any de minimis respect), provided that the terms of each Strongbridge Rollover Option with an exercise price of or less (prior to the adjustment described above) were amended to provide that it shall remain exercisable for a period of time following the effective time of the Scheme equal to the lesser of (A) the maximum remaining term of such corresponding Strongbridge Option and (B) the fourth anniversary of the effective date of the Merger, in each case regardless of whether the holder of such Strongbridge Rollover Option experiences a termination of employment or service on or following the effective time of the Scheme. 
 On the acquisition closing date, the Company assumed all then-outstanding stock options and shares available and reserved for issuance under some legacy equity incentive plans of Strongbridge, including the Strongbridge 2015 equity compensation plan and Strongbridge 2017 inducement plan (collectively, the "Assumed Plans"). Shares reserved under the Assumed Plans will be available for future grants. The Company also assumed all then-outstanding stock options from the rest of the legacy equity incentive plans of Strongbridge without assuming the shares available and reserved for issuance under these plans. The number of shares subject to stock options outstanding under all Strongbridge legacy equity incentive plans are included in the tables below. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares reserved for future grants under the Assumed Plans. 
 CVRs were also issued to the holders of Strongbridge vested and unexercised options that were outstanding and assumed by the Company at the acquisition date, provided that in no event shall such holder be entitled to any payments with respect to such CVR unless the corresponding option has been exercised on or prior to any such payment. 
 Stock options 
 Stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of the Company s stock at the date of grant. Stock option awards typically vest over either two , three or after the grant date and expire seven to from the grant date. 
 107 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Risk-free interest rate 
 Expected volatility 
 Expected dividends 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding - December 31, 2022 Exercisable - December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 
 The weighted average fair value of awards granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was per share. 
 At December 31, 2022, there was a total of million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to stock options that is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 108 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 in equal annual installments beginning on the one-year anniversary of the date of grant, provided that the employee is employed by the Company on such vesting date. If and when the RSUs vest, the Company will issue one share of common stock for each whole RSU that has vested, subject to satisfaction of the employee s tax withholding obligations. Upon vesting and settlement of RSUs or exercise of stock options, at the election of the grantee, the Company does not collect withholding taxes in cash from employees. Instead, the Company withholds upon settlement as RSUs vest, or as stock options are exercised, the portion of those shares with a fair market value equal to the amount of the minimum statutory withholding taxes due. The withheld shares are accounted for as repurchases of common stock. Stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs is recognized on a straight-line basis over the employee s requisite service period. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested balance - December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average remaining vesting period of years. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The fair value of the ESPP Plan shares was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Expected term (years) Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility Expected dividends 
 Research and development Selling, general and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 109 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 17. 
 million and million of matching contributions to the plan, respectively. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 vested immediately and accrue interest at a rate of percent per annum. The Deferred Compensation Plan is unfunded and unsecured. As of December 31, 2021, the total deferred compensation liability under the Deferred Compensation Plan was approximately million recorded in other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets and was fully paid off in January 2022. 
 
 Note 18. 
 square feet of office and laboratory space at 1375 West Fulton Street, Chicago, Illinois (the Premises ), which Premises includes Xeris Pharma s existing laboratory space. The term of the original lease commenced on January 1, 2021 as to Xeris Pharma s existing space at 1375 West Fulton Street, and the Lease will commence on the later of the substantial completion of the Landlord s improvement work and April 1, 2023 Expansion Commencement Date as to the expansion portion of the Premises, and for the entire Premises, the term will expire on the earlier of the last day of the One Hundred Fifty-Sixth (156 th full calendar month following the Expansion Commencement Date and March 31, 2037, unless extended or earlier terminated pursuant to the terms of the Lease. Xeris Pharma has the option to extend the term of the Lease for successive periods, subject to the terms and conditions of the Lease. In addition, the Lease contains customary default provisions, including, without limitation, those relating to payment default and bankruptcy events. The lease on the expansion portion of the Premises has not yet commenced but created significant rights and obligations for us. The estimated initial operating lease liability related to the expansion portion of the Premises is approximately million and operating lease ROU asset is approximately million upon commencement in 2023. 
 Real estate leases often require that the Company pays maintenance, real estate taxes and insurance in addition to rent. These payments are generally variable and based on actual costs incurred by the lessor. Therefore, these amounts are not included in the consideration of the contract when determining the ROU asset and lease liability, but are reflected as variable lease expenses. 
 All of the Company's leases are classified as operating leases, which are included as operating lease ROU assets and current and non-current operating lease liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company s operating lease costs are included in operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company's lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 A majority of the Company's lease agreements include fixed rental payments. Certain of the lease agreements include fixed rental payments that are adjusted periodically by a fixed rate. The fixed payments, including the effects of changes in the fixed rate or amount, and renewal options reasonably certain to be exercised, are included in the measurement of the related lease liability. Most of the real estate leases include one or more options to renew, with renewal terms that can extend the lease term from one to or more. The exercise of lease renewal options is at the Company's sole discretion. The depreciable life of assets and leasehold improvements are limited by the expected lease term, which includes renewal options reasonably certain to be exercised. 
 As the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable, the Company uses the incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate. The Company considers observable inputs as of the effective date of the ASC 842 adoption including the credit rating, existing borrowings and other relevant borrowing rates, such as risk-free rates like the United States Treasury rate, and then adjusting as necessary for the appropriate leas term. The incremental borrowing rate is reassessed if there is a change to the lease term or if a modification occurs and it is not accounted for as a separate contract. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s operating leases had a weighted-average remaining lease term of years and a weighted-average discount rate of . 
 110 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations: Operating leases 
 The Company reports the amortization of operating lease ROU assets and the change in operating lease liabilities on a net basis in other in the operating activities of the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 
 Variable lease cost Sublease income ) Total lease cost 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Effect of discounting to net present value ) Present value of lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities, current Operating lease liabilities, non-current Total operating lease liabilities 
 Fiscal 2021 Activity Before Adoption of Topic 842 
 The Company leases office facilities under various noncancelable operating leases. Rental expense for operating leases was approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 111 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments 
 
 Note 19. 
 million over a period from Taro. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining obligation under the Supply Agreement was million. The term of the agreement with Taro was renewed for an additional beyond the termination of the orphan exclusivity period. If Taro declines to renew the agreement during the next renewal period, the Company has the right to manufacture the product on its own or have the product manufactured by a third party on its behalf. The Company is also required to reimburse Taro for a royalty obligation resulting from its sale of Keveyis to the Company. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had unused letters of credit of million, which were issued primarily to secure leases. These letters of credit are collateralized by million of restricted cash, which is recorded in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Leases 
 We have obligations under operating leases for office and laboratory spaces. For a description of the Company's leases, please see "Note 18 - Leases". 
 Contingencies 
 CVR liability 
 Upon closing the Transactions, the Company entered into a CVR Agreement. Each CVR entitles its holder to receive additional consideration of up to , to satisfy future performance milestones, settleable in cash, common stock, or a combination of cash and common stock, at the Company's sole election. As of the acquisition closing date, there were approximately million CVRs. There will be additional issuances of up to million CVRs to holders of Strongbridge rollover options and assumed warrants upon exercise. 
 Litigation 
 From time to time, the Company may become involved in various legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. As of December 31, 2022, management was not aware of any existing, pending or threatened legal actions that would have a material impact on the financial position or results of operations of the Company. 
 Long Term Debt 
 In the event the Convertible Notes are still outstanding as of January 15, 2025 and the maturity date thereof has not been extended to a date on or after September 4, 2027, then unless the Company has received net cash proceeds from one or more permitted equity raises or permitted raises of convertible debt which, together with no more than million of cash on hand, is sufficient to redeem and discharge the Convertible Notes in full, the loans outstanding under the Hayfin Loan Agreement will mature on January 15, 2025. 
 
 112 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Note 20. 
 Vested and unvested stock options 
 Restricted stock units 
 Warrants 
 Total anti-dilutive securities excluded from EPS computation 2 
 
 2 Total anti-dilutive securities exclude CVRs which are settleable in cash, additional Xeris Biopharma shares, or a combination, at the election of the Company. 
 
 Note 21. 
 to the Company s effective income tax rate is as follows (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Federal tax benefit at statutory rate ) ) State tax benefit, net of federal benefit ) ) Research and development and orphan drug credits ) ) Uncertain tax positions ) Permanent adjustments to expenses Stock-based compensation Return to provision adjustment ) ) Statutory tax rate differential Changes in valuation allowance Other Total income tax benefit ) 
 The benefit for income taxes for 2022 was attributable to the amortization of the deferred tax liability set up with the Acquisition and it represented the foreign deferred income tax benefit. 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is required to be established or maintained when, based on currently available information, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. The guidance on accounting for income taxes provides important factors in determining whether a deferred tax asset will be realized, including whether there has been sufficient taxable income in recent years and whether sufficient income can reasonably be expected in future years in order to utilize the deferred tax asset. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company evaluated the need to maintain a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets based on the assessment of whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax benefits will be realized through the generation of future taxable income. Appropriate consideration is given to all available evidence, both positive and negative, in assessing the need for a valuation allowance. 
 113 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Federal research and orphan drug credits Stock-based compensation Other temporary differences Valuation allowance ) ) Total assets Deferred tax liabilities: Fixed and intangible assets ) ) Other deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of million and various state net operating loss carryforwards of million. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of million and various state net operating loss carryforwards of million. Net operating loss carryforwards for the United States federal income tax purposes that were generated prior to January 1, 2018 have a twenty-year carryforward life, and the earliest layers will begin to expire in 2025. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, federal net operating losses incurred in 2018 and later years may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such net operating losses is limited to of the current year s taxable income. The United States state net operating loss carryforwards will start to expire in 2029 for the earliest net operating loss layers to the extent there is not sufficient state taxable income to utilize those net operating loss carryforwards. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had million and million of federal and state income tax credits, respectively, to reduce future tax liabilities. At December 31, 2021, the Company had million and million of federal and state income tax credits, respectively, to reduce future tax liabilities. The federal income tax credits consist primarily of orphan drug credits and research and development credits. The United States state income tax credits consist primarily of California and Illinois research and development credits. Both the United States federal orphan drug credits and research and development credits have a twenty-year carryforward life. The United States federal orphan drug credits and research and development credits will both begin to expire in 2025 and the state research and development credits will begin to expire in 2022. 
 114 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Increase for 2021 activity 
 ) Valuation allowance at December 31, 2021 
 ) Increase for 2022 activity 
 ) Valuation allowance at December 31, 2022 
 ) 
 Increases related to tax positions taken during the current year Increases/(decreases) related to tax positions taken during the prior year ) Ending balance - uncertain tax positions 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the increase in current year uncertain tax positions was attributable primarily to the United States federal orphan drug credits and research and development credits and the decrease related to tax positions taken during the prior year was a result of return to provision adjustments. In the Company s balance sheet, uncertain tax positions of million were offset against deferred tax assets. Tax years prior to 2019 generally are not subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service or state or local taxing authorities. 
 The Company policy is to include interest and penalties related to uncertain tax penalties, if any, within the provision for taxes in the statements of operations. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred interest and penalties related to income taxes. 
 115 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer (principal executive officer) and chief financial officer (principal financial officer), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act"). Based on such evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period specified in the United States Securities and Exchange Commission's ("SEC") rules and forms, and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its chief executive and chief financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the 2013 framework established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Based on our evaluation under this framework, our management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 In addition, we are an "emerging growth company," as defined under the JOBS Act, and are subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. The JOBS Act provides that an "emerging growth company" is not required to have the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting audited by its external auditor for as long as the Company is deemed to be an "emerging growth company." 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not Applicable. 
 116 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this item will be contained in our Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the conclusion of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item will be contained in our Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the conclusion of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this item will be contained in our Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the conclusion of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item will be contained in our Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the conclusion of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Our independent public accounting firm is KPMG LLP, Chicago, Illinois, PCAOB Auditor ID: . 
 The information required by this item will be contained in our Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after the conclusion of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference. 

117 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 
 1. Financial Statements See Index to Financial Statements at Item 8 herein. 2. Financial Statement Schedules All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 3. Exhibits 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable. 

118 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Transaction Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2021, by and among the Registrant, Strongbridge Biopharma plc, Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Wells Merger Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Annex A of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-257642) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021) 
 2.2 Expenses Reimbursement Agreement, dated May 24, 2021, by and between the Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Strongbridge Biopharma plc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38536) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 24, 2021) 
 2.3 Contingent Value Rights Agreement, dated as of October 5, 2021, by and between the Registrant, Computershare, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K12B (File No. 001-40880) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2021) 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K12B (File No. 001-40880) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2021) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-laws of the Registrant i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K12B (File No. 001-40880) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2021) 
 4.1 Specimen Stock Certificate Evidencing Shares of Common Stock i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-262404) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 28, 2022) 
 4.2 Second Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement by and among Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and certain of its stockholders, dated December 31, 2015 i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225191) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 24, 2018) 
 4.3 Description of Registrant's Securities i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-40880) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11, 2022) 
 4.4 Base Indenture, dated as of June 30, 2020, by and between Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K12B (File No. 001-40880) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2021) 
 4.5 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 30, 2020, by and between Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K12B (File No. 001-40880) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2021) 
 4.6 Form of 5.00 Convertible Senior Note due 2025 (included in Exhibit 4.5) 
 4.7 Second Supplemental Indenture, by and among the Registrant, Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, dated October 5, 2021 i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K12B (File No. 001-40880) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2021) 
 4.8 Form of Warrant by and between the Registrant and Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40880) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 3 , 2022) 
 4.9 Form of Registration Rights Agreement between the Registrant and Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. dated as of January 2, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40880) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 3, 2022) 
 4.10 Form of Warrant to purchase common stock by and between the Registrant and Hayfin Services LLP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File 001-40880) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 11, 2022) 
 4.11 Form of Lender Warrant issued December 28, 2016 in connection with Horizon and Oxford Loan Agreement 
 
 119 

4.12 Form of Warrant to CR Group Lenders, dated July 14, 2017 
 4.13 Form of Warrant to CR Group Lenders, dated January 16, 2018 
 4.14 Form of Warrant to Avenue Venture Opportunities Fund 
 10.1# 2011 Stock Option and Incentive Plan and forms of award agreements thereunder i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225191) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 24, 2018) 
 10.2# 2018 Stock Option and Incentive Plan and forms of award agreements thereunder i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-225191) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 11, 2018) 
 10.3# Senior Executive Cash Incentive Bonus Plan i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Xeris Pharmaceutical s , Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225191) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 24, 2018) 
 10.4# Form of Director Indemnification Agreement i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K12B (File No. 001-40880) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2021) 
 10.5# Form of Officer Indemnification Agreement i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K12B (File No. 001-40880) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2021) 
 10.6# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and among the Registrant, Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Paul Edick, dated as of October 5, 2021 i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40880) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2021) 
 10.7# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and among the Registrant, Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and John Shannon, dated as of October 5, 2021 i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40880) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2021) 
 10.8# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and among the Registrant, Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Steven Pieper, dated as of October 5, 2021 i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40880) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2021) 
 10.9# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and among the Registrant, Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Beth Hecht dated as of October 5, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Xeris BioPharma Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File 001-40880) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 11, 2022) 
 10.10 API Supply Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2018, by and between Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Bachem Americas, Inc. i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225191) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 24, 2018) 
 10.11 First Amendment to API Supply Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2021, by and between Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Bachem Americas, Inc. i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38536) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13, 2021) 
 10.12 Second Amendment to API Supply Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2022, by and between Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Bachem Americas, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Xeris BioPharma Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File 001-40880) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 10, 2022) 
 10.13 Quality Assurance Agreement, dated as of November 20, 2015, by and between Bachem AG and Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc., as amended by (i) Amendment 1 to the Quality Assurance Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2016, by and between Bachem AG and Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and (ii) Amendment 2 to the Quality Assurance Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2017, by and between Bachem AG and Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225191) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 24, 2018) 
 10.14 Commercial Supply Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2018, by and between Pyramid Laboratories Inc. and Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-225191) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 14, 2018) 
 
 120 

10.15 Amendment No. 2 to the Commercial Supply Agreement, dated as of May 13, 2021, by and between Pyramid Laboratories Inc. and Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38536) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 5, 2021) 
 10.16 Amendment No. 3 to Commercial Supply Agreement dated August 31, 2022 between Pyramid Laboratories Inc. and Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 3 of the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File 001-40880) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 9, 2022) 
 10.17 Joint Development Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2016, by and between Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Scandinavian Health Limited i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225191) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 24, 2018) 
 10.18 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2018, by and between Oxford Finance LLC, Silicon Valley Bank and Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225191) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 24, 2018) 
 10.19 Quality Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2016, by and between Pyramid Laboratories Inc. and Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-225191) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 24, 2018) 
 10.20 Amendment No. 1 to the Quality Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2021, by and between Pyramid Laboratories Inc. and Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38536) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 5, 2021) 
 10.21# 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-225191) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 11, 2018) 
 10.22 Product Supply Agreement by and between SHL Pharma, LLC and Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc., dated August 1, 2018 i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38536) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8, 2018) 
 10.23# Inducement Equity Plan i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-229587) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 8, 2019) 
 10.24 First Amendment to Office Lease Agreement, dated as of November 20, 2018, by and between 180 N . LaSalle Property Owner LLC and Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-229600) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2019) 
 10.25 Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of September 10, 2019, by and between Oxford Finance LLC, Silicon Valley Bank and Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38536) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 10, 2019) 
 10.26 Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2019, by and among Oxford Finance LLC, Silicon Valley Bank and Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38536) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 6, 2019) 
 10.27# Deferred Compensation Plan i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38536) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 10, 2020) 
 10.28 Amendment No. 3 to the Quality Assurance Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2020, by and between Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Bachem AG i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38536) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 7, 2020) 
 10.29 Amendment No. 4 to the Quality Assurance Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2021, by and between Bachem AG and Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38536) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 5, 2021) 
 
 121 

10.30 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2020, by and among Oxford Finance LLC, Silicon Valley Bank and Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38536) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 7, 2020) 
 10.31 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2020, by and among Oxford Finance LLC, Silicon Valley Bank and Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38536) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 10, 2020) 
 10.32 First Amendment to the Product Supply Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2020, by and between Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and SHL Pharma LLC i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38536) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 10, 2020) 
 10.33 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of August 5, 2020, by and among Oxford Finance LLC, Silicon Valley Bank and Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38536) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 9, 2020) 
 10.34 Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2020, by and among Oxford Finance LLC, Silicon Valley Bank and the Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38536) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 9, 2021) 
 10.35 Consent Under Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2021, by and among Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Oxford Finance LLC, and Silicon Valley Bank i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38536) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 24, 2021) 
 10.36 Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated May 3,2021, by and among Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Oxford Finance LLC, and Silicon Valley Bank i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-38536) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 5, 2021) 
 10.37 Joinder and Sixth Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated October 5, 2021, by and among the Registrant, Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Oxford Finance LLC and Silicon Valley Bank i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K12B (File No. 001-40880) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2021) 
 10.38 Form of Exchange Agreement i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38536) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 16, 2020) 
 10.39 Amended and Restated Quality Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2020, by and between Pyramid Laboratories Inc. and Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38536) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 9, 2021) 
 10.40# Separation Agreement, dated as of July 28, 2021, by and between Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Barry Deutsch i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38536) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2021) 
 10.41 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated December 12, 2016, between Taro Pharmaceutical North America, Inc. and Strongbridge plc i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Strongbridge Biopharma plc s Form F-3 (File No. 333-215531) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 12, 2017) 
 10.42 Supply Agreement, dated December 12, 2016, between Taro Pharmaceutical North America, Inc. and Strongbridge plc i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Strongbridge Biopharma plc s Form F-3 (File No. 333-215531) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 12, 2017) 
 10.43 Investors Rights Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2015, by and among Cortendo AB and the Investors listed therein i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Strongbridge Biopharma plc s Form F-1 (File No. 333-206654) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 28, 2015) 
 10.44# Strongbridge Biopharma plc 2015 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of Strongbridge Biopharma plc s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-37569) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2019) 
 10.45# Strongbridge Biopharma plc Non-Employee Director Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of Strongbridge Biopharma plc s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-37569) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2019) 
 
 122 

10.46# Strongbridge Biopharma plc 2017 Inducement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of Strongbridge Biopharma plc s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-37569) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2019) 
 10.47 Credit Agreement and Guaranty dated as of March 8, 2022, by and among the Registrant, Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Strongbridge Biopharma Limited, Strongbridge Dublin Limited, Cortendo AB, the lenders from time to time parties thereto and Hayfin Services LLP, as administrative agent incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Re gistrant 's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File 001-40880) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 11, 2022 
 10.48 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. dated as of January 2, 2022 i ncorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-04880) filed with Securities and Exchange Commission on January 3, 2022) 
 10.49 Amended and Restated Lease dated September 29, 2022 between Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Fulton Ogden Venture, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Xeris BioPharma Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File 001-40880) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 9, 2022) 
 10.50 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement and Guaranty dated September 29, 2022 among Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc., the Registrant, the lenders party thereto and Hayfin Services LLP, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File 001-40880) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 9, 2022) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 Filed herewith 
 # Indicates a management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement 
 + The certifications furnished in Exhibit 32.1 hereto are deemed to accompany this report and will not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 Portions of this exhibit have been omitted because they are both (i) not material and (ii) would likely cause competitive harm to the registrant if publicly disclosed. 
 Pertains to certain Strongbridge warrants assumed by the Company in connection with the Acquisition. 
 123 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Xeris Biopharma Holdings, Inc. By /s/ Paul R. Edick Paul R. Edick Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Date March 8, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below as of March 8, 2023, by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 

SIGNATURE TITLE /s/ Paul R. Edick Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Paul R. Edick 
 /s/ Steven M. Pieper Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting officer) 
 Steven M. Pieper 
 /s/ B.J. Bormann Director B.J. Bormann /s/ Dawn Halkuff Director Dawn Halkuff /s/ Garheng Kong 
 Director 
 Garheng Kong /s/ Jeffrey Sherman Director Jeffrey Sherman /s/ John H. Johnson Director John H. Johnson /s/ John Schmid Director John Schmid /s/ Marla Persky Director Marla Persky 
 124 

<EX-4.11>
 2
 a411formoflenderwarranti.htm
 EX-4.11

a411formoflenderwarranti 

Company: STRONGBRIDGE BIOPHARMA PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY, a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland Number of Shares: Class of Share: Ordinary Shares of nominal value US 0.01 Warrant Price: 2.45 per Share Issue Date: December 28, 2016 Expiration Date: December 28, 2026 See also Section 5.1(b). Credit Facility: This Warrant to Subscribe for Shares Warrant is issued in connection with that certain Loan and Security Agreement, dated December 28, 2016, by and among Oxford Finance LLC, as Lender and Collateral Agent, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, including __________ and the Company (as modified, amended and/or restated from time to time, the Loan Agreement ). THIS WARRANT CERTIFIES THAT, for good and valuable consideration, ___________ _______ and, together with any successor or permitted assignee or transferee of this Warrant or of any shares issued upon exercise hereof, Holder is entitled to subscribe for the number of fully paid and non-assessable (which term, when used herein, means that no further sums are required to be paid in connection with such Shares by the holder(s) thereof) shares (the Shares of the above-stated Class of Shares (the Class of the above-named company (the Company at the above-stated Warrant Price, all as set forth above and as adjusted pursuant to Section 2 of this Warrant, subject to the provisions and upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Warrant. The Company has, by resolution of its board of directors, agreed to issue this Warrant to ________ to subscribe for the Shares on the terms set out in this Warrant. SECTION 1. EXERCISE. 1.1 Method of Exercise. Holder may at any time and from time to time exercise this Warrant, in whole or in part, by delivering to the Company the original of this Warrant together with a duly executed Notice of Exercise in substantially the form attached hereto as Appendix 1 and a check, wire transfer of same-day funds (to an account designated by the Company), or other form of payment acceptable to the Company for the aggregate price to be paid for the Shares being subscribed for pursuant to such exercise as determined pursuant to Section 1.2 below (the Subscription Price ). Thereupon, the Company shall issue to the Holder such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares determined in accordance with Section 1.2 below. Exhibit 4.11 THIS WARRANT AND THE SHARES ISSUABLE HEREUNDER HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT ), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND, EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN SECTIONS 5.3 AND 5.4 BELOW, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED UNLESS AND UNTIL REGISTERED UNDER SAID ACT AND LAWS OR, IN THE OPINION OF LEGAL COUNSEL IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, SUCH OFFER, SALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER IS EXEMPT FROM SUCH REGISTRATION. WARRANT TO SUBSCRIBE FOR SHARES 

1.2 Exercise. On any exercise of this Warrant: (a) if Holder does not elect in the applicable Notice of Exercise to effect that exercise pursuant to Section 1.2(b) below, the number of Shares to be issued by the Company pursuant to that exercise shall be the number of Shares specified in paragraph 1 of the applicable Notice of Exercise and the Subscription Price payable in respect of that exercise shall be the product of the Warrant Price multiplied by the number specified in paragraph 1 of the applicable Notice of Exercise and (b) if Holder does elect in the applicable Notice of Exercise to effect that exercise pursuant to this Section 1.2(b), the number of Shares to be issued by the Company pursuant to that exercise shall be calculated in accordance with the following formula: X = S Y where: X is the number of Shares to be issued by the Company pursuant to that exercise S is the number of Shares specified in paragraph 1 of the applicable Notice of Exercise and Y is calculated in accordance with the following formula: Y = S(WP N)/FMV where: S is the number of Shares specified in paragraph 1 of the applicable Notice of Exercise WP is the Warrant Price N is the then nominal value of a Share and FMV is the Fair Market Value (as determined pursuant to Section 1.3 below) of one Share, and the Subscription Price payable in respect of that exercise shall be the product of the then nominal value of a Share multiplied by the number specified in paragraph 1 of the applicable Notice of Exercise. 1.3 Fair Market Value. If the Company s ordinary shares are then traded or quoted on a nationally recognized securities exchange, inter-dealer quotation system or over-the-counter market (a Trading Market and the Class is ordinary shares, the fair market value of a Share shall be the closing price or last sale price of an ordinary share of the Company reported for the Business Day immediately before the date on which Holder delivers this Warrant together with its Notice of Exercise to the Company. If the Company s ordinary shares are then traded in a Trading Market, the fair market value of a Share shall be the closing price or last sale price of an ordinary share of the Company reported for the Business Day immediately before the date on which Holder delivers this Warrant together with its Notice of Exercise to the Company. If the Company s ordinary shares are not traded in a Trading Market, 

the Board of Directors of the Company shall determine the fair market value of a Share in its reasonable good faith judgment. 1.4 Delivery of Certificate and New Warrant. Within a reasonable time after Holder exercises this Warrant in the manner set forth in Sections 1.1 and 1.2 above, the Company shall deliver to Holder a certificate representing the Shares issued to Holder upon such exercise and, if this Warrant has not been fully exercised and has not expired, a new warrant of like tenor representing the Shares not so acquired. 1.5 Replacement of Warrant. On receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, on delivery of an indemnity agreement reasonably satisfactory in form, substance and amount to the Company or, in the case of mutilation, on surrender of this Warrant to the Company for cancellation, the Company shall, within a reasonable time, execute and deliver to Holder, in lieu of this Warrant, a new warrant of like tenor and amount. 1.6 Treatment of Warrant Upon Acquisition of Company. (a) Acquisition. For the purpose of this Warrant, Acquisition means any transaction or series of related transactions involving: (i) the sale, lease, exclusive license, or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (ii) any merger or consolidation of the Company into or with another person or entity (other than a merger or consolidation effected exclusively to change the Company s domicile), or any other corporate reorganization, in which the stockholders of the Company in their capacity as such immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or reorganization, own less than a majority of the Company s (or the surviving or successor entity s) outstanding voting power immediately after such merger, consolidation or reorganization (or, if such Company stockholders beneficially own a majority of the outstanding voting power of the surviving or successor entity as of immediately after such merger, consolidation or reorganization, such surviving or successor entity is not the Company) or (iii) any one or more offers by any person or group of persons acting in concert (in either case, the Offeror which is publicly disclosed and which, if completed, would result in the Offeror holding or controlling more than 50 of the voting and other equity securities of the Company. (b) Treatment of Warrant at Acquisition. In the event of an Acquisition in which the consideration to be received by the Company s shareholders consists solely of cash, solely of Marketable Securities or a combination of cash and Marketable Securities (a Cash/Public Acquisition ), either (i) Holder shall exercise this Warrant pursuant to Section 1.1 and 1.2 and such exercise will be deemed effective immediately prior to and contingent upon the consummation of such Acquisition or (ii) if Holder elects not to exercise the Warrant, this Warrant will expire immediately prior to the consummation of such Acquisition. (c) The Company shall provide Holder with written notice of its request relating to the Cash/Public Acquisition (together with such reasonable information as Holder may reasonably require regarding the treatment of this Warrant in connection with such contemplated Cash/Public Acquisition giving rise to such notice), which is to be delivered to Holder not less than twenty-one (21) days prior to the closing of the proposed Cash/Public Acquisition. In the 

event the Company does not provide such notice, then if, immediately prior to the Cash/Public Acquisition, the fair market value of one Share (or other security issuable upon the exercise hereof) as determined in accordance with Section 1.3 above would be greater than the Warrant Price in effect on such date, then this Warrant shall automatically be deemed on and as of such date to be exercised pursuant to Section 1.2(b) above as to all Shares (or such other securities) for which it shall not previously have been exercised, and the Company shall promptly notify the Holder of the number of Shares (or such other securities) issued upon such exercise to the Holder and Holder shall pay to the Company in the manner prescribed in Section 1.1 above an amount equal to the Subscription Price in respect of such exercise and be deemed to have restated each of the representations and warranties in Section 4 of the Warrant as the date thereof. (d) Upon the closing of any Acquisition other than a Cash/Public Acquisition defined above, the acquiring, surviving or successor entity shall assume the obligations of this Warrant, and this Warrant shall thereafter be exercisable for the same securities and/or other property as would have been paid for the Shares issuable upon exercise of the unexercised portion of this Warrant as if such Shares were outstanding on and as of the closing of such Acquisition, subject to further adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. (e) As used in this Warrant, Marketable Securities means securities meeting all of the following requirements: (i) the issuer thereof is then subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and is then current in its filing of all required reports and other information under the Act and the Exchange Act (ii) the class and series of shares or other security of the issuer that would be received by Holder in connection with the Acquisition were Holder to exercise this Warrant on or prior to the closing thereof is then traded in Trading Market, (iii) the issuer thereof has a market cap of at least Five Hundred Million Dollars 500,000,000) and (iv) following the closing of such Acquisition, Holder would not be restricted from publicly re-selling all of the issuer s shares and/or other securities that would be received by Holder in such Acquisition were Holder to exercise or convert this Warrant in full on or prior to the closing of such Acquisition, except to the extent that any such restriction (x) arises solely under federal or state securities laws, rules or regulations, and (y) does not extend beyond six (6) months from the closing of such Acquisition. SECTION 2. ADJUSTMENTS TO THE SHARES AND WARRANT PRICE. 2.1 Stock Dividends, Splits, Etc. If the Company declares, pays or makes a dividend, distribution or bonus issue on the issued shares of the Class payable in shares or other securities or property (other than cash), then upon exercise of this Warrant, for each Share acquired, Holder shall receive, without additional cost to Holder, the total number and kind of securities and property which Holder would have received had Holder owned the Shares of record as of the date the dividend or distribution occurred. If the Company subdivides the issued shares of the Class by reclassification or otherwise into a greater number of shares, the number of Shares subscribable hereunder shall be proportionately increased and the Warrant Price shall be proportionately decreased. If the issued shares of the Class are combined or consolidated, by reclassification or otherwise, into a lesser number of shares, the Warrant Price shall be proportionately increased and the number of Shares shall be proportionately decreased. 

2.2 Reclassification, Exchange, Combinations or Substitution. Upon any event whereby all of the issued shares of the Class are reclassified, exchanged, combined, substituted, or replaced for, into, with or by Company securities of a different class and/or series, then from and after the consummation of such event, this Warrant will be exercisable for the number, class and series of Company securities that Holder would have received had the Shares been in issue on and as of the consummation of such event, and subject to further adjustment thereafter from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. The provisions of this Section 2.2 shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications, exchanges, combinations substitutions, replacements or other similar events. 2.3 Intentionally Left Blank. 2.4 Intentionally Left Blank. 2.5 No Fractional Share. No fractional Share shall be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant and the number of Shares to be issued shall be rounded down to the nearest whole Share. If a fractional Share interest arises upon any exercise of the Warrant, the Company shall eliminate such fractional Share interest by paying Holder in cash the amount computed by multiplying the fractional interest by (i) the fair market value (as determined in accordance with Section 1.3 above) of a full Share, less (ii) the then-effective Warrant Price. 2.6 Notice/Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon each adjustment of the Warrant Price, Class and/or number of Shares, the Company, at the Company s expense, shall notify Holder in writing within a reasonable time setting forth the adjustments to the Warrant Price, Class and/or number of Shares and facts upon which such adjustment is based. The Company shall, upon written request from Holder, furnish Holder with a certificate of its Chief Financial Officer, including computations of such adjustment and the Warrant Price, Class and number of Shares in effect upon the date of such adjustment and each reference in this Warrant to the Warrant Price, Class and/or number of Shares shall, unless expressly provided otherwise herein, be construed as a reference to the Warrant Price, Class and/or number of Shares respectively as adjusted in accordance with the terms of this Warrant. SECTION 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY. 3.1 Representations and Warranties. The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the Holder as follows: (a) The Company has full power and authority to execute and deliver this Warrant and to comply with the provisions of, and perform its obligations under, this Warrant. (b) The Company has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Warrant and this Warrant constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations enforceable against it. (c) The execution of this Warrant and the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder do not and will not conflict with its constitution or law or regulation applicable to it. 

(d) The initial Warrant Price referenced on the first page of this Warrant is not greater than the price per share at which shares of the Class were last sold and issued prior to the Issue Date hereof in an arms-length transaction in which at least 500,000 of such shares were sold. (e) All Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant, and all securities, if any, issuable upon conversion of the Shares, shall, upon issuance, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non- assessable, and free of any liens and encumbrances except for restrictions on transfer provided for herein or under applicable federal and state securities laws and shall rank pari passu in all respects with all other Shares in issue on the date of such issuance and conform to the rights attached to such shares set out in the constitution of the Company. The Company covenants that it shall at all times cause to be reserved and kept available out of its authorized and unissued share capital such number of shares of the Class, ordinary shares and other securities as will be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of this Warrant and the conversion of the Shares into ordinary shares or such other securities. (f) The Company s capitalization table attached hereto as Schedule 1 is true and complete, in all material respects, as of the Issue Date. 3.2 Notice of Certain Events. If the Company proposes at any time to: (a) declare, pay or make any dividend, distribution or bonus issue upon the issued shares of the Class or its ordinary shares, whether in cash, property, stock, or other securities and whether or not a regular cash dividend (b) offer for subscription or sale pro rata to the holders of the issued shares of the Class any additional shares of any class or series of the Company s share capital (other than pursuant to contractual pre- emptive rights) (c) effect any reclassification, exchange, combination, substitution, reorganization or recapitalization of the issued shares of the Class or (d) effect an Acquisition or to liquidate, dissolve or wind up then, in connection with each such event, the Company shall give Holder: (1) at least seven (7) Business Days prior written notice of the date on which a record will be taken for such dividend, distribution, or subscription rights (and specifying the date on which the holders of outstanding shares of the Class will be entitled thereto) or for determining rights to vote, if any, in respect of the matters referred to in (a) and (b) above and (2) in the case of the matters referred to in (c) and (d) above at least seven (7) Business Days prior written notice of the date when the same will take place (and specifying the date on which the holders of outstanding shares of the Class will be entitled to exchange their shares for the securities or other property deliverable upon the occurrence of such event). 

Reference is made to Section 1.6(c) whereby this Warrant will be deemed to be exercised pursuant to Section 1.2(b) hereof if the Company does not give written notice to Holder of a Cash/Public Acquisition as required by the terms hereof. Company will also provide information requested by Holder that is reasonably necessary to enable Holder to comply with Holder s accounting or reporting requirements. SECTION 4. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OF THE HOLDER. The Holder represents and warrants to the Company as follows: 4.1 Acting for Own Account. This Warrant and the securities to be acquired upon exercise of this Warrant by Holder are being acquired for investment for Holder s account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the public resale or distribution within the meaning of the Act. Holder also represents that it has not been formed for the specific purpose of acquiring this Warrant or the Shares. 4.2 Disclosure of Information. Holder is aware of the Company s business affairs and financial condition and has received or has had full access to all the information it considers necessary or appropriate to make an informed investment decision with respect to the acquisition of this Warrant and its underlying securities. Holder further has had an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the Company regarding the terms and conditions of the offering of this Warrant and its underlying securities and to obtain additional information (to the extent the Company possessed such information or could acquire it without unreasonable effort or expense) necessary to verify any information furnished to Holder or to which Holder has access. 4.3 Investment Experience. Holder understands that the purchase of this Warrant and its underlying securities involves substantial risk. Holder has experience as an investor in securities of companies in the development stage and acknowledges that Holder can bear the economic risk of such Holder s investment in this Warrant and its underlying securities and has such knowledge and experience in financial or business matters that Holder is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in this Warrant and its underlying securities and/or has a preexisting personal or business relationship with the Company and certain of its officers, directors or controlling persons of a nature and duration that enables Holder to be aware of the character, business acumen and financial circumstances of such persons. 4.4 Accredited Investor Status. Holder is an accredited investor within the meaning of Regulation D promulgated under the Act. 4.5 The Act. Holder understands that this Warrant and the Shares issuable upon exercise hereof have not been registered under the Act in reliance upon a specific exemption therefrom, which exemption depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the Holder s investment intent as expressed herein. Holder understands that this Warrant and the Shares issued upon any exercise hereof must be held indefinitely unless subsequently registered under the Act and qualified under applicable state securities laws, or unless exemption from such registration and qualification are otherwise available. Holder is aware of the provisions of Rule 144 promulgated under the Act. 

4.6 No Voting Rights. Holder, as a Holder of this Warrant, will not have any voting rights until the exercise of this Warrant. SECTION 5. MISCELLANEOUS. 5.1 Term Automatic Exercise Upon Expiration. (a) Term. Subject to the provisions of Section 1.6 above, this Warrant is exercisable in whole or in part at any time and from time to time on or before 6:00 PM, Eastern time, on the Expiration Date and shall be void thereafter. (b) Automatic Exercise upon Expiration. In the event that, upon the Expiration Date, the fair market value of one Share (or other security issuable upon the exercise hereof) as determined in accordance with Section 1.3 above is greater than the Warrant Price in effect on such date, then this Warrant shall automatically be deemed on and as of such date to be exercised pursuant to Section 1.2(b) above as to all Shares (or such other securities) for which it shall not previously have been exercised, and, subject to receipt by the Company of the Subscription Price in respect of the Shares issuable pursuant to such exercise in accordance with Section 1.1, the Company shall, within a reasonable time deliver a certificate representing the Shares (or such other securities) issued upon such exercise to Holder. 5.2 Legends. Each certificate evidencing Shares (and each certificate evidencing the securities issued upon conversion of any Shares, if any) shall be imprinted with a legend in substantially the following form: THE SHARES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT ), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND, EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THAT CERTAIN WARRANT TO PURCHASE STOCK ISSUED BY THE ISSUER TO _______ DATED DECEMBER 28, 2016, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED UNLESS AND UNTIL REGISTERED UNDER SAID ACT AND LAWS OR, IN THE OPINION OF LEGAL COUNSEL IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER, SUCH OFFER, SALE, PLEDGE OR OTHER TRANSFER IS EXEMPT FROM SUCH REGISTRATION. 5.3 Compliance with Securities Laws on Transfer. This Warrant and the Shares issued upon exercise of this Warrant (and the securities issuable, directly or indirectly, upon conversion of the Shares, if any) may not be transferred or assigned in whole or in part except in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws by the transferor and the transferee (including, without limitation, the delivery of investment representation letters and legal opinions reasonably satisfactory to the Company, as reasonably requested by the Company). The Company shall not require Holder to provide an opinion of counsel if the transfer is to an affiliate of Holder, provided that any such transferee is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Act. Additionally, the Company shall also not require an opinion of counsel if there is no material question as to the availability of Rule 144 promulgated under the Act. 

5.4 Transfer Procedure. After receipt by Holder of the executed Warrant, Holder may transfer all or part of this Warrant to one or more of Holder s affiliates (each, a Holder Affiliate ), by execution of an Assignment substantially in the form of Appendix 2. Subject to the provisions of Section 5.3 and upon providing the Company with written notice, Holder, any such Holder Affiliate and any subsequent Holder, may transfer all or part of this Warrant or the Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (or the Shares issuable directly or indirectly, upon conversion of the Shares, if any) to any other transferee, provided, however, in connection with any such transfer, the Holder Affiliate(s) or any subsequent Holder will give the Company notice of the portion of the Warrant being transferred with the name, address and taxpayer identification number of the transferee and Holder will surrender this Warrant to the Company for reissuance to the transferee(s) (and Holder if applicable). 5.5 Warrant Register. The Company will maintain a register in respect of this Warrant on which shall be entered the name(a) and addresse(s) of the Holders and the particulars of this Warrant held by them and of all cancellations and transfers (in accordance with Section 5.4 above) and exercise of this Warrant. 5.6 Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder from the Company to the Holder, or vice versa, shall be deemed delivered and effective (i) when given personally, (ii) on the third (3rd) Business Day after being mailed by first-class registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, (iii) upon actual receipt if given by facsimile or electronic mail and such receipt is confirmed in writing by the recipient, or (iv) on the first Business Day following delivery to a reliable overnight courier service, courier fee prepaid, in any case at such address as may have been furnished to the Company or Holder, as the case may be, in writing by the Company or such Holder from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5.6. All notices to Holder shall be addressed as follows until the Company receives notice of a change of address in connection with a transfer or otherwise: _________________ _________________ _________________ _________________ Attn: Telephone: Facsimile: Email: Notice to the Company shall be addressed as follows until Holder receives notice of a change in address STRONGBRIDGE BIOPHARMA PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY 900 Northbrook Drive Suite 200 Trevose, Pennsylvania 19053 Attn: Chief Legal Officer Fax: 215-355-7389 Email: s.long@strongbridgebio.com 

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: Reed Smith LLP 599 Lexington Avenue New York, New York 10022 Attn: Lee Ann Dillon Fax: 212-521-5450 Email: ldillon@reedsmith.com 5.7 Waiver. This Warrant and any term hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) only by an instrument in writing signed by the party against which enforcement of such change, waiver, discharge or termination is sought. 5.8 Attorneys Fees. In the event of any dispute between the parties concerning the terms and provisions of this Warrant, the party prevailing in such dispute shall be entitled to collect from the other party all costs incurred in such dispute, including reasonable attorneys fees. 5.9 Counterparts Facsimile/Electronic Signatures. This Warrant may be executed in counterparts, all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Any signature page delivered electronically or by facsimile shall be binding to the same extent as an original signature page with regards to any agreement subject to the terms hereof or any amendment thereto. 5.10 Governing Law. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to its principles regarding conflicts of law. 5.11 Headings. The headings in this Warrant are for purposes of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning of any provision of this Warrant. 5.12 Business Days. Business Day is any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which ___________ is closed. 5.13 Rights as Shareholders Information. No holder of this Warrant, as such, shall be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of Ordinary shares which may at any time be issuable upon the exercise hereof for any purpose, nor shall anything contained herein be construed to confer upon the holder of this Warrant, as such, any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to shareholders at any meeting thereof, or to receive notice of meetings, or to receive dividends or subscription rights or otherwise until this Warrant shall have been exercised and the Shares purchasable upon the exercise hereof shall have become deliverable, as provided herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company will transmit to the holder of this Warrant such information, documents and reports as are generally distributed to the holders of any class or series of the securities of the Company concurrently with the distribution thereof to the shareholders. 

5.14 Binding Effect on Successors. This Warrant shall be binding upon any corporation succeeding the Company by merger, consolidation or acquisition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, and all of the obligations of the Company relating to the Shares issuable upon the exercise or conversion of this Warrant shall survive the exercise, conversion and termination of this Warrant and all of the covenants and agreements of the Company shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the holder hereof. 5.15 Registration Rights. The Shares issuable hereunder initially shall be exempt from registration under the Act. Following the Date of Grant, and in any case within ninety (90) days thereof, Company shall promptly prepare, file and use its reasonable efforts to cause to become effective as soon as practicable thereafter, a registration statement on Form F-3 or such other form as may be appropriate to be filed with the SEC by Company under the Act (together with any amendments or supplements thereto, whether prior to or after the effective date thereof, the Registration Statement covering the public resale in the United States of the Shares to be issued pursuant to this Warrant, and Company shall use its reasonable efforts to keep the Registration Statement continuously effective during the Term. Any such registration shall be subject to the customary terms and conditions used in connection with resale prospectuses. Company s obligations under this Section are contingent upon Holder providing promptly all information concerning such Holder and its proposed plan of distribution as Company may reasonably request in connection with any of the foregoing. [Remainder of page left blank intentionally] [Signature page follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Warrant to Subscribe for Shares to be executed by their duly authorized representatives effective as of the Issue Date written above. Company STRONGBRIDGE BIOPHARMA PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY By: ________________________________ Name: Stephen Long Title: Chief Legal Officer 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Warrant to Subscribe for Shares to be executed by their duly authorized representatives effective as of the Issue Date written above. COMPANY STRONGBRIDGE BIOPHARMA PLC By: _________________________ Name: _________________________ (Print) Title: _________________________ HOLDER ________________________________ By: _________________________ Name: _________________________ (Print) Title: _________________________ 

APPENDIX 1 NOTICE OF EXERCISE 1. The undersigned Holder hereby exercises its right to subscribe for _______ ordinary shares in the capital of Strongbridge Biopharma plc (the Company in accordance with the attached Warrant To Subscribe for Shares, and tenders payment of the aggregate Warrant Price for such shares as follows: [ ] check in the amount of _______ payable to order of the Company enclosed herewith [ ] Wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company s account [ ] Net issuance exercise pursuant to Section 1.2(b) of the Warrant [ ] Other [Describe] ____________________________________________ 2. [Please issue a certificate or certificates representing the Shares in the name specified below:] ____________________________________ Holder s Name ____________________________________ ____________________________________ (Address) 3. By its execution below and for the benefit of the Company, Holder hereby restates each of the representations and warranties in Section 4 of the Warrant to Subscribe for Shares as of the date hereof. HOLDER: ______________________________________ By:___________________________________ Name:_________________________________ Title:__________________________________ Date:__________________________________ 

APPENDIX 2 ASSIGNMENT For value received, ___________ hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto Name: [_______ TRANSFEREE] Address: __________________________________ Tax ID: ___________________________________] that certain Warrant to Subscribe for Shares issued by Strongbridge Biopharma plc (the Company ), on [DATE] (the Warrant together with all rights, title and interest therein. [_______________] By:___________________________________ Name:_________________________________ Title:__________________________________ Date:__________________________________ By its execution below, and for the benefit of the Company, [TRANSFEREE] makes each of the representations and warranties set forth in Article 4 of the Warrant and agrees to all other provisions of the Warrant as of the date hereof. [TRANSFEREE] By:___________________________________ Name:_________________________________ Title:_________________________________] 

SCHEDULE 1 Company Capitalization Table 21,205,382 Ordinary shares were issued and outstanding as of March 10, 2016. 

</EX-4.11>

<EX-4.12>
 3
 a412formofwarranttocrgro.htm
 EX-4.12

a412formofwarranttocrgro 

Exhibit 4.12 

! # ! !' + - . / 0 1 2 ! 3 4! # ! !5 + 7 1 8 / . / 9 8 - 8 + + + : - 8 / / : ; . 0 1 8 / ? @ B / ? > B / : > B 1 8 D / > B . E 8 D / F 8 1 8 / 

! # ! ' + ! , - . )) ! # ! ! / ! # 0 1 ! ! + , # 2 3 ! . # 4 ! 5 # 6 7 ! ! ! + ! ! ! ! ! / # ! # ! ! / 5 # , # )# 0 ! ) #( 0 # ! ! 6 89 : ! ! ! ! # ! 1 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 6 4 # # ! 5 # ! ! ! ! ! 6 

! # '( +,-( . / 0 1 3 4 '( +,-( 5# 3 7 8 9 66 0 1 2 7 9 : 1 1 3 2 6 6 2 ; 7 1 # 2 6 9 :2 6 0 1 6 # 3 > : 1 6 ?6 1 6 3 6 6 3 6 6# A '-B C,D,(E FB (G '(. :H 6 1 @ 1 6 1 > ;6 IJKK 4L MN ,(, - =M(5# > 6 O 2 :2 :2 6 3 6 P? 4=--,+'R '( SF R5## @ 2 : : :2 2 # TUMG '+ FB (G '( NVF' A '-B . 1 1 ; 3 # ?6 :H 6 1 @ 1 6 1 > ;6 3 0 1 7 7 1 2 :2 7 2 11 6 : ? # 2 6 : : 1 ? 6 1 3 2 6 9 / 6 : 1 ? 6 # : 0 1 3 11 6 : 1 6 1 3 21 6 2 6 1 :2 A U -. 0 1 : 4L MN ,(, -5# 6 1 11 6 : 6 / 7 3 2 3 1 3 1 21 > 2 6 3 3 : 1 6 6 :H 6 :2 ? d 6 3 > ;6 @ 3 6 1 1 1 6 1 66 6 # 6 @ 3 1 6 0 1 6 e 6 1 @ 0 1 : 6 1 6 6 1 1 1 Q# @ 1 > 6 If 1 6 0# ;6 3 

! ## '() +,)'+ -)./) )'+0+12' 3+0+),)'+4 6 6 7 8 7 ! ## 7 6 9 3):;/1+1) )'?4 @ A 6 B C D D 5!ECED !DF!D D CDG D!D H ID JC DD !DKE CD!DG 5 GD! C D D 5!ECED C JL MNN OD GDG C D P CQ J! 5 GD! C D D 5!ECED R 6 JL D!C E C CD C D D D 5!ECED O H JC D JLLD!DG JRG J!JC D!6E D C! LD!!DG FRDGKDG J! HFJC D CDG DS DFC FD!OECCDG 5 GD! C D C G FFRE RD C CD D 5!ECED R 6 E J!G D 6EC FFRE RD !DKE C! CEJ !DT5E!DOD C J! DSDOFCEJ C D!DL!JO C D E 5D! JL C D D D 5!ECED O H !DT5E!D JFE EJ JL J5 DR !D J RH CE L CJ!H CJ C D E 5D!C C 5 JLLD! RD J! C! LD! FRDGKD J! HFJC D CEJ JC D!6E D JOFRED 6EC C D C G H FFRE RD C CD D 5!ECED R 6 C E D!CELE CD O5 C D 5!!D GD!DG CJ C D JOF H J! EC C! LD! KD C J GECEJ F!D DGD C CJ C D RD C! LD! FRDGKD J! HFJC D CEJ JL H E CD!D C E H JLC D D 5!ECED !DF!D D CDG D!D H ' +/;:+12' -)>0/?1'> U/0' V)/ -) +/1:+12' 4 @ A W A -),2(0X 2V )'?4 A ! ## Y2,.X10':) =1+Z /1+1) )/ 2/ -)2/>0'1i0+12'4 E j j P-)2/>0'1i0+12'Q 6 g J A 

! !#! ! #'(!#) +, - . . 0 1 3 / 4 / 5 . 6 , / , ! 7899: : 8):' ' ?@:A:9:' 9 8 @ B'C?: 8):' 9= . , . . E . , . . E / , G'): ! ' H@I>9)C! )9= J 1 . 6 K 1 E 1 / 5 - , 1 , E , / L/ MNOPQPRSOPNT NQ UVWOSPT XYVTOZ[ . \ K ] , , . 6 , . , . . , , - , . \ , 6 

! # '() + , )-. /(''(+)0 1 2 32 4 5 6 7 768 9 1 9 1 : 1 1 1 1 1 9 11 1 ? > 1 @ 4 A B C D-)E (E F-('.- GH.'0 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 : 1 1 1 1 1 1 C. '.E.+)() +E (+H /(''(+) .E , )-. J GH.'0 K 2 LM NOPQRSTUSQMVW > 1 > X 1 X 1 1 YZ[\ ] _ aVbORScOVS aVSOVSW 9 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 aVbORScOVS defOTQOVgOW 1 1 1 1 1 hfOgijUSQbO LUSiTO Mk aVbORScOVSW 1 1 1 > l 

! ' () ' +, - #' ./ ' 12 3 ## '.# 3 #- / ' ' ' ' ' # / . / 4' ./ 3 #- /5 ' # . / # 4' ./ 3 #- / / / / -- . 4' # ! ' 5 6 / ' # ' # / #- 5 7 8 / - - - ' /9 - - - .' / ' - 5 7 # / ' # . / ' -'. # . ' 3 #- /? ' - - - / -' - ' / . ? '#. . ' / @# - 2 - # ? ' . 

# ! ! ' ! +,-./.0 1234 5 6 7 6 7 ! 89-/:;/ ,.9,4 5 ? @ A B 5 B B 5 CD CE B 6 5 B ? B ! B B B ! F/=G,: H9I=/=G,:4 5 ? ! H,+,-2I/G/=J4 ' B 5 ! K2/+,- L 89-J F-/2G4 MNOP QR SPM PQTUMV NWU SPM OQXYNWZ [N\]M _ SQ SPM R TTM S MaSMWS YMVX\SSMUbZ TN[_ NWZ NWU NTT V\cPS SQ SV\NT bZ d VZ \W NWZ TMcNT YVQOMMU\Wc e[PMSPMV bN MU QW OQWSVNOS_ SQVS QVQSPMV[\ Mf NV\ \Wc Q S QR QV VMTNSMU SQ SP\ [NVVNWSg h2G/L -./2 h -i -2=, H, 

! # ! # ' !( +, -./ 01 .22034 ,5 5.6 )01 +, .7348 0) .46 .9 304 01 +, ,:231. 304 0) .46 138+ 1,; .6 =, .7,4 01 / .6 =, ,:,193/,5 04 +,4,: / 2.46 .45 +, 0-5,1 ,4 .45 2.46 .45 +, 0-5,1 K3 + 1,/2,9 0 +, / . ,1 +,1,0) .45 / ,4 /.45 . ,1 +,1,0) PQRSTUVWX YTRX Z[\[]P _ 

! # #' !() + (,- . / 011 2 4 5 67 811 5 :01; :1? @A0811 B C D =E / / 7 / F 6 GG ;00 C 5 7 E 39 3 :1188 HI =8:8? @0A1 

! # ## '()# + ,-,. .,,/,,,/,,, , , 0# 12)#3 '()# + ,-,. 4,,/,,,/,,, 56/556/,74 56/556/,74 8 # 0# 12)#3 '()# 9 ,-,. :,/,,, :,/,,, :,/,,, ! 6/ = 1?(> )@ #)? A #B1 C#1B D +E-65- ! F G H E/,,,/,,, I)#)2> =1>( A #B1 C#1B D +7-6, H :7J/6E. I)#)2> =1>( A #B1 C#1B D +7-:6 ! K L LM 777/,,, .7 

! ' ()! + ,-. /01.23450.1 .6.783 89 :/27-;3. 8-. 3 9 A.2 9 .08I 01 8.01.23 -.2.=48- B>.08 9 . 9 .? H112.33? 

! # ' ! # # # !) ,# - . # /0 ) 1 0 '' 2 4 6 4 ,# - ' # # ! # 2 - 7 ! 8 ! # 8 9 ! #9 # 2 # !9 # # - # ' ! -9 - - : ' ' 9 

! # # ' () ' + !! # (,-'! . /# 0!' 1 ' #- ,' () 2 /# (!34 55, 6 7,' 8 ' 9 : #0 7'! , --!'22 ?@ @> 

! # ' () + ,-.//.0123 + 3 44567897:; ?@=ABCD?=@ A=DCBE=A=@ ?@=A E PQ=A FH B PQ=A FH E= I?@ ITTFC?E IB IEFA?=W EF PIX= B>U ATFB=' RCE G TFR=A FH B>QBECE>ECF? C? E =@ >TF? = =AUCB= FH E ?@=A +E Qe=UE EF' I?@ EF Q= QF>?@ QW' E ACEC=B IA= Q=C?D IUi>CA=@ HFA C?V=BEP=?E HFA CEB FR? IUUF>?E' ?FE IB ?FPC?==FA ID=?E' I?@ ?FE RCE ECF? E EC?D E ?@=AEIXC?D' IDA==P=?E FAIAAI?D=P=?E HFA E = I?@ UFAA=UE IB EF BBCD?==IB FH E @= EF E CA=@ T>AB>I?E EF =UECF? k+I3Z Yl 

! # '(( ! # '(( + !, '(( + !, '(( ! # ) ! -. //0 1 20 ! # ) ! -. //0 1 20 ! ! !0 ) ! -. //0 1 20 ! ! !0 ) ! -. //0 1 20 3 3 456 

</EX-4.12>

<EX-4.13>
 4
 a413formofwarranttocrgro.htm
 EX-4.13

a413formofwarranttocrgro 

Exhibit 4.13 

! ! # '() +,( -. /0( 12))23/4 5 6 7 8 9 8 7 ! : 7 7 ; 8 ? @A B C D 75 8 9 7 7 5 7 8 ! ! : 7 6 5 7 ! E 7 89 = 9 8 ! 9 5 F5 > G 95 7 8 8 59 ! 6 5 7 8 ! ! 7 H I = 9 8 7 8 7 ! = 9 8 B J K L 5 ! 6 5 5 ! ! 9 I M 5 ! 6 > G 7 ! 5 ! : 7 9 8 M 59 ! 7N5 9 M 5 F5 M 5 ! ! 8 ! 6 7 8 5 7 ! !! ! = 9 8 5 !! 6 8 = 9 8 9 8 7 6 6 8 9 7 7 5 7 O ! > ! 6 5 7 89 = 9 8 ! 9 5 F5 9 M 5 ! 95 7 8 8 59 ! 6 5 7 @O 9 P 5 G 89 ?9 5 D 8 ! ! 7 H I = 9 8 7 8 7 ! = 9 8 M = 9 8 5 : 7 59 ! 9 5 7 5 6 ! 6 ! 95 ? R ! 9 I M 5 ! V 7 8 7 ! 5 5 U R > G 7W5 7 7 ! 5 5 9 M 5 ! V 7 8 X 5 ! 5 M ! 9 I M 5 ! 7 9 7 ! 

! # ' + , - . / + , - . / 0 ' 0 / ' 1 + 2 3 2 456! 766 ' 8 9 3 / : / ' 9 ?7 @!67 A !B CB >?D! C!B E F 9 G / 9 H F I ?7 @!67E + F 

! # '( ++ , - . / / / 3 4+ 5( + '( ++ , 6 7 89::9; ?@A :B D89::9; ?@A :E7 1 F / / G / G / H 1 / 6 / / G 6 7 89::9; :9L@M@ 89::9; TU:@ A IT ; OK 89::9; :B / 6 H _ 7 0 . / - H 1 2 1 6 1 0 7 0 / G C / 6 0 / 6 J9\>AB 0 1 0 0 V a' !b # cb d #e+b b 5 f c5,X / g 6 7 =>A :AB H / DS>TU:@ AE7 C 2 - 2 . / 0 1 g 6 - H 

! # # # !(( # # # # # +,-./, . 0,12,-, .3.45 6.3.,/, .7 8 9 9 : ' !(( 9 ! =,?, @7 A B 9 # D E E 8'FDFE 'EG'E E DEH E'E I JE KD EE 'ELF DE'EH 8 HE' D E E 8'FDFE D KM !NOO PE HEH D E DR K' 8 HE' D E E 8'FDFE 9 KM E'D F D DE D E E E 8'FDFE I KD E KMME'EH KSH K' KD E'9F E D' ME''EH GSEHLEH K' IGKD E DEH ET EGD GE'PFDDEH 8 HE' D E D H GGSF SE D DE E 8'FDFE 9 F K'H E 9FD GGSF SE 'ELF D' DFK 'EU8F'EPE D K' ETEPGDFK D E'EM'KP D E F 8E' KM D E E E 8'FDFE I 'EU8F'E KGF FK KM K8 ES 'E K SI DF M DK'I DK D E F 8E' D D 8 KMME' SE K' D' ME' GSEHLE K' IGKD E DFK KD E'9F E KPGSFE 9FD D E D H I GGSF SE D DE E 8'FDFE 9 D F E'DFMF DE P8 D E 8''E HE'EH DK D E KPG IK' FD D' ME' LE D K HFDFK G'E EHE D DK D E SE D' ME' GSEHLE K' IGKD E DFK KM I F DE'E D F I KM D E E 8'FDFE 'EG'E E DEH E'E I -.2 4.Z - D 8 [ \ ] _ abcdebaf A 9 g 

! # #' + + ,! # #- . . / . 2 3 1 / . 4 + . 5 . 6 4 + . ,! 7 #8 9 : - . . 1 . . 4 + 1 4 + = > ? . 5 4 + . . . = 0 + . . @ = . B . 4 + = ! 8C DD 7 8 # 7 EF D' + . ,! 8C DD 7 8 #- . 1 5 . . 5 . 1 . . 4 . EGHI J D #D #I K LH # #D' 1 . . 3 1 1 . . . 1 3 1 1 . = M 8 7 NIOGD L # D' 1 B / . 5 . . A / 

! # ! '() +,- ./ .0 -12 3,++,/-4 5 65## 7 899: 899: > ? @ 7 A B. C D1-E ,E F1,+21.GH2+4 I ! ! # C2)+2E2/-,- ./E ,/H 3,++,/- 2E .0 -12 J.GH2+4 K ! 5 LM NOPQRSTUSQMVW ! X X YZ[\ ] _ ! 

! # ' ) + - . - /01 2 34 5 5 2 2 2 6 2 5 2 2 6 2 5 2 2 2 6 + 7 2 2 8 ! 9( 2 2: 2 8 ! !' ' 8 2 5 2? 2 2 ? 2 @ 4 + : , 2 + + , 7 34 7 1AB= ? C 1== 5 2 2 6 - 1== 2 - 1== 6 - 1== 6 - 1== 7 4 6 2 - 1== 4 34 5 4 - 1== 4 D E' !' 2 4 G G 4 2 2 2 : 2 6 2 11 HIJKLMNOLPQJR S S 34 4 2 G 2 2 2 G 2 5 2 G T;! 2 2 V' ! 7 6 2 2 2 W : 5 2? 5 2 5 34 X 5 

# ! ! ' ! +,-./.0 1234 5 6 7 6 7 ! 89-/:;/ ,.9,4 5 ? @ A B 5 B B 5 CD CE B 6 5 B ? B ! B B B ! F/=G,: H9I=/=G,:4 5 ? ! H,+,-2I/G/=J4 ' B 5 ! K2/+,- L 89-J F-/2G4 MNOP QR SPM PQTUMV NWU SPM OQXYNWZ [N\]M _ SQ SPM R TTM SMaSMWS YMVX\SSMU bZ TN[_ NWZ NWU NTT V\cPS SQ SV\NT bZ d VZ \W NWZ TMcNT YVQOMMU\Wc e[PMSPMVbN MU QW OQWSVNOS_ SQVS QV QSPMV[\ Mf NV\ \Wc Q S QR QV VMTNSMU SQ SP\ [NVVNWSg ! h2G/L -./2 h -i -2=, H, 

! ! # '( ! ! ! + ! ,- - ! ! + . # . ! ! ! ! + ! ,- - ! ! - # / 01 23 0 4 45 675 8 5 9 15 . ! ? ! ! @ = = @ - 6 5 A0 55B5 ; + @ (! ! . ! ! ! > . ! ? ! 

! # #' !() + (,- . / 011 2 4 5 67 811 5 :01; :1? @A0811 B C D =E / / 7 / F 6 GG ;00 C 5 7 E 39 3 :1188 HI =8:8? @0J1 

</EX-4.13>

<EX-4.14>
 5
 a414formofwarranttoavenu.htm
 EX-4.14

a414formofwarranttoavenu 

Exhibit 4.14 

! # ! '( +,-./ /0 12 34-560 7 -8-4.67- 09 /:-; 4 1/ ?-4 7: > : 5- /:- 46@:/ /0 3 4.: 7- 3 /0 ABC +- -P > /0/:- >0H-4 09 6 QR IC 04 6 /:- -9-./65- 346.- 09 12 +01 96?- -P 6/2 961 1.61@ 34604/0 S-.-G+-4 DR 1-5-4 +- >-77 /: 1 /:- 10G61 > 5 > - 09 14 ?61 42 ): 4- . JK !LM' N !M _( O:67 ; 4 1/ 7: > +- -8-4.67 +>- - 0461 3 4/ -./601 09 /:- =0>?-4 - 04 61 3 4/ 096.- 047 .: 0/:-4 096.- 04 @-1.2 7 /:- d0G3 12 G 2 ?-76@1 /- 09 10/6.- 09 -8-4.67- 61/:- 904G 09 e8:6+6/ f /:- TghiZYW hj UVWXYZ[W] ? >2 .0G3>-/-? 1? -8-. /-? +2 0401 +-: >9 09 /:- =0>?-4 /0 8 /:- e8-4.67- l46.- G >/63>6-? +2 5 /:- 1 G+-4 09 ): 4-7 +-61@ 3 4.: 7-? - /0 /:- d0G3 12 1? 3 2 +>-/0 /:- 04?-4 09 /:- d0G3 12 + o p'' JK !LM' q1 >6- 09 -8-4.6761@ /:67 ; 4 1/ 3 47 1//0 )-./601 A 6 - 09 01- ): 4- 67 @4- /-4 /: 1 /:- e8-4.67-l46.- / /:- ? /- 09 . >. > /601 7 7-/ 904/: +->0H ?-4 G 2 ->-./ /0 4-.-65- 1 G+-4 09 ): 4-7 5 > - /0 /:- 5 > - 09 /:67 ; 4 1/ 04 09 12 304/601 09 /:67 ; 4 1/ +-61@ . 1.->-? +2 7 4-1?-4 09 /:67 ; 4 1/ / /:-3461.63 > 096.- 09 /:- d0G3 12 04 7 .: 0/:-4 096.- 04 @-1.2 7 /:- d0G3 12 G 2?-76@1 /- /0@-/:-4 H6/: 3403-4>2 .0G3>-/-? 1? -8-. /-? s0/6.- 09 e8-4.67-4-9>-./61@ 7 .: ->-./601 1? /:- 3 2G-1/ /0 /:- d0G3 12 09 1 G0 1/ -P > /0 8 /:- 10G61 > 5 > - 09 ): 4- G >/63>6-? +2 5 /:- 1 G+-4 09 ): 4-7 +-61@ 3 4.: 7-? /:- Ts0G61 > t > - l 2G-1/ fG0 1/] - /0 /:- d0G3 12 1? 3 2 +>- /0 /:- 04?-4 09 /:- d0G3 12 677 - /0 /:- =0>?-4 /: / 1 G+-4 09 ): 4-7 .0G3 /-? 761@ /:- 90>0H61@ 904G > c u v w frx f 

! # ! ) ! + + ' , - . - / ! + + ' ! ! 0 ! 0 ' 1 ! ' # - ' 0 2 1 ' ! 0 3 ! 1 4 ' 5 0 4 6789:; 9?@ ! A B ! A B ' C4 4 ! ' ! C4 4 ' ! 4 D ! 4 - @ - 4 9?@ ' 2 # 1 4 IJKLMNOK PLNQL RQ IJSNLTRNQUV W ' ' W X 5 ' ' Y 0 4 ' X 4 W X ' 0 

! # # #! ! # ! # ! !! ! ' ! # # #! ! # ! #! ! # #! ! ! #! + # ! ! ! ! ! # # # #! ! , ! + !# ' ! - # # . ! /0 1 02 3 0 4 5 ! ! - ! # # ! , # #! ! ' ! 6 ' # ' + 7 ! 8# 9 ! : ! # #! ! 02 3 ! - ! ! ? @ 02 0 + - # - ! 7 # A # # B #! # B # ! ! ! # # A # # # B # ! # ! !! ! ' ' # #! 6 + ' # 7 #! ! ! ! ! # A # # B + # B # ! #! # + ' # # ! ' ' # !! ! ' # # C D E E + ' 6 # # - B !# + # # A # # C # - B !# ' # # ! ! ' !# ' , ! - F ! + G ! A ! ! # # ! ! , # H 9 ! ' ! ! # ' ! - - 

! # # # # ' # ! # # # # !) # ! ! # ! #+ # # # # # ! # ' # # # ! # ! # # # # ' # # , - ! # , # ! ! # # # . .# # / # ! #( 0 1 2 3#4 5677689 ? ' # # (# # # + 3 @ABCCBDE FGHIJEGCK4 # + #( # ! #!! - ! - ! L # # # ! # # M + # !# . ' # (# # - ! # . # # M + # # . # # # . # ! + # # N - ! # # 3 # # # 4 (# # + #!! # . # # M + . ' # O + # # + 3 4 5677689 89> ? ' # (# # # #+ (# # + # # M + ! R3#4) + # # , # # , # + + # # # + # # ! + # ! # 3 4 S768 # # . # . N Z[\\) # #( ! ! 3 @]G _CIEIGJ E K4) # a b cd # # (# # ! ! 3 # # ! # , + # + (# # ! # ef bgb h 3 @ JJIHDiGDE jkCiK4 # ! ! #( (# # # + # # # ! # ! ! 3!4 lmnY68Q; XT 5677689 opX8 6 S768 q ! # # 3# ! # ! ! N + r (4 , # + # # . # . N # ! # # + # ! # ' # # ! - ! # . .# # .# # / #( - ! # - ! 3 # - ! # # # # #, 4 (# ! # # , # ! ' # # + # # # # M + ? # # 3# ! # , # # 4 ! ! ' # .# # # #+ # # # # # ! ! # !+ # # # # ! 3 4 S6m; s # ' # O ! # # #, . (# # # # # ! # ! ! # # # #( # # - ! # ! ' # # O ! ! # # # ! O + # # # ! ' # #( 

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a 1b18c IJN . / ! > I ##! .I ## ! , # + J ! P # # ! # / J # + + , ! #IJ# # + ! , . )) TI J # # I # ,#/-K'd >dM]VeKed> VdfVd>dUKdg 'dVd h '=id UjK ddUVdke>KdVdg ]UgdV K'd >dM]VeKed> =MK jl Rmnn => 

! # '()! +!) ,'! ' ! # - ./0123 3456789:; 3?1 4@ 1A 24BC1B3C 34 3?1 4DEFBG DFHIBJ F B43F3I4B 4B I3C A124A CFB JIKIBJ IBC3A.23I4BC 34 FBG 3AFBCL1A FJ1B3 IB 4A 1A 34 IDE@1D1B3 3?1 A1C3AI23I4BC 4B3AFBCL1A 1C3F/@IC?1 IB 3?IC 56789:; 

! # ' + , - . / , - + , . - 0 -- - 1 , 

! # '() ++,-,( .,/0 /- 12 3'+4 5 6 7 # # 8 8 19:;, :,0 .,/0+4 5 ? ? # @ ? ? # @ B/.,(' /- D9+.>'0.+4 E 8 # F 8 @ 8 F G 8 @ HI JKLMNMOPLMKQ KN RSTLPMQ UVSQLW # X Y 

! # () +,-./0-12 13 045 6/../20 7 87 9 : ? @ @ A 9 B) C1 D-E40F /F G4/.541HI5. = 

! # '( ) + ' ,- . /0 123456786409: '( ? )!' ? @! ! ! = !' ?!'! ! + ! + ! ! ' ! ! )! (! !? ' ! @ ! !> ' + ! ' + ! + ! @ ! ! -(. PN2OQR864H2 /86Q72 0D G9H256I296: '( + ! + ! !@ ' ! > '> + ! ?' )! + - . SOO72E462E G9H25607: '( ! T (! ! > U)! ! + ! @ V @ !' ?' ' ! + ! J ! ! ! J U !' ?' '( ! >! ! V ' + !' ?!'! ! 

! # ' ' # # ! # ! # ! +,-./0123-1/45 # ' ' ! # ' ' 7 ' '!889 :; ?@A>BC 

! # ! '() )+ ,-./ 0 # # 1 2 1 2 34( 56 78 -)6 9')4'/ 0 ! : ; ?@ABCD EEF?G H H = 1 H 0 ! = # : = = ! = = I 8J'5 -)6 K4L8 8J'5/ 0 # : # K' '(-L J 8M/ = # 0 

! # ! ' () + ! # , ! ! - , . ! ! - # !-/ , ! 

! # ! ! ' () + ,- ./0 1230 45 ./010678 01 ./2. 280 ./0 179:06. 45 ./ 1 2882 ./ ./0 64?? 11 4 ./0 1172 082. 4 0G ./0 8 H/.1 45233 @28. 01 .4 ./ 1 2882 4 7@4 G 7 

! # # ' # ) # (+ , ! ! - !.// 0 1 + 2// 1 3 ./45 ! !6 7!' ! - 89 - - + - !# (( 4.. 7 1 + 03 0 //22 ! , 9 ! 82 4 /5.56 7! 82 2: 42 4 4/' ! , 9 ; - #'' !) ! ! - != > != > ! = >6 7! = >' != > 

! # # ## ### ### ' ' # # )## ### ### + , - . + , - . / ## +# ### +# ### +# ###01232456758 0927:53; # ! ? @ @ A- 01232456758 B4CC4523 'D #,# ### E = ? @ @ A #D )# . + E = ? @ @ A + D ,-+ A 

! # # '() +,-). /#0 12 3# 0 4 5 2 6/15 72 8 4 9 #3 6/12/7# 1:2 8 7 75 0 9717# 1 8 2 71 2 )?@AB AC '() +,-). /#0 12 3# 0 4 5 2 D 15 2 7 75 0 9717# 6/12/7# E F 572 67 

! # ' ! ' ! ' 

! # #'( + , - ! ' # . + # /0 11' 2 3' 4 5 6 ,!3 7! ' (( ..) 8 9 

! # # '( ) +,-./-01 23 4563789:536 73:98;3736 2 23 ?7?5; !#@@ABCDE'(?889:58 ?56 7?58>378 2379:2;8 889:5 82?738 > 889:533 667388 889:533 4FG37 2?738 889:536 ?56 6 37 7 4= J 9;4;9 23 8 237345637 23!XIYZEA[AI@'( 84G\3K; 889:533 H373 23 P ]( -_/ 0./-0 -0/-01 889:533 73J73835;8 ?56 H?7?5;8 23 3K479;938 ?73G395: ?K 49736 > ?56 889:533 2?8 5 83=95: :7?5;95: ?5MJ?7;9K9J?;9 23 ?7?5; ?73 743?56 K 23 3 2373 Pa 

! # ' 

!! # !! # !! # !! # '()) '()) 

</EX-4.14>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 xeris-ex211xlistofsubsidia.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21.1 

XERIS BIOPHARMA HOLDINGS, INC. 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Delaware Xeris Pharmaceuticals Australia Pty Ltd Australia Strongbridge Biopharma Limited Ireland Strongbridge Dublin Limited Ireland Cortendo AB Sweden 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 a202210-kexhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-262403 and 333-262404) on Form S-3 and (No. 333-263466) on Form S-8 of our report dated March 8, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Xeris Biopharma Holdings, Inc. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 March 8, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 a202210-kexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Paul R. Edick, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Xeris Biopharma Holdings, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 8, 2023 
 By s Paul R. Edick Paul R. Edick Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 a202210-kexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Steven M. Pieper, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Xeris Biopharma Holdings, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 8, 2023 
 By s Steven M. Pieper Steven M. Pieper Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 a202210-kexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Xeris Biopharma Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Paul R. Edick, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material aspects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 8, 2023 
 
 By s Paul R. Edick Paul R. Edick Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 a202210-kexhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Xeris Biopharma Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Steven M. Pieper, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material aspects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 8, 2023 
 By s Steven M. Pieper Steven M. Pieper Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 xers-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 xers-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 xers-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 xers-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 xers-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

