<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230320_10-K_edgar_data_1763950_0001493152-23-008241.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10847698</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>624837</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5297581</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2260325</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1115323</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1367171</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-008241.hdr.sgml : 20230320
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230320160539
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-008241
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230320
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230320

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lantern Pharma Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001763950
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				463973463
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39318
		FILM NUMBER:		23746428

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1920 MCKINNEY AVENUE
		STREET 2:		7TH FLOOR
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-277-1136

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1920 MCKINNEY AVENUE
		STREET 2:		7TH FLOOR
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Lantern Pharma
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190108

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-008241.txt : 20230320

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction 
 of
 Incorporation) 
 
 (Commission 
 File
 Number) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 ,

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Common Stock 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter: . 

As
of March 6, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

Table
of Contents 

Page 

Forward Looking Statements 
 ii 
 
 PART I. 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 60 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 109 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 109 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 109 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 109 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 110 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Reserved. 
 111 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 111 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 120 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 F-1 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 121 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 121 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 122 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 122 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 123 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 123 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 123 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 123 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 123 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 124 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10 K Summary. 
 125 

i 

SPECIAL
NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. We make such forward-looking
statements pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and other federal securities laws. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, contained
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements regarding our strategy, future preclinical studies and clinical trials, future
financial position, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, 
 believe, contemplate, could, estimate, expect, intend, 
 seek, may, might, plan, potential, predict, project, 
 target, model, objective, aim, upcoming, should, 
 will would, or the negative of these words or other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements reflect our current views with
respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. 

The
forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, among other things, statements relating to: 

the
 potential advantages of our RADR platform in identifying drug candidates and patient populations that are likely
 to respond to a drug candidate; 

our
 strategic plans to advance the development of any of our drug candidates; 

our
 strategic plans to expand the number of data points that our RADR platform can access and analyze; 

our
 research and development efforts of our internal drug discovery and development programs and antibody drug conjugate (ADC) development
 program and the utilization of our RADR platform to streamline the drug development process; 

the
 initiation, timing, progress, and results of our preclinical studies or clinical trials on any of our drug candidates; 

our
 intention to leverage artificial intelligence, machine learning and genomic data to streamline the drug development process and to
 identify patient populations that would likely respond to a drug candidate; 

our
 plans to discover and develop drug candidates and to maximize their commercial potential by advancing such drug candidates ourselves
 or in collaboration with others; 

our
 expectations regarding our ability to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements with our existing cash and
 cash equivalents; 

our
 ability to secure sufficient funding and alternative source of funding to support our existing and proposed preclinical studies and
 clinical trials; 

our
 estimates regarding the potential market opportunity for our drug candidates we or any of our collaborators may in the future develop; 

our
 anticipated growth strategies and our ability to manage the expansion of our business operations effectively; 

our
 expectations related to future expenses and expenditures; 

our
 ability to keep up with rapidly changing technologies and evolving industry standards, including our ability to achieve technological
 advances; 

the
 potential impact that the continuance or resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic (or another epidemic or infectious disease outbreak)
 or its impact on the overall economy may have on our business plans; 

our
 ability to source our needs for skilled labor in the fields of artificial intelligence, genomics, biology, oncology and drug development;
 and 

the
 impact of government laws and regulations on the development and commercialization of our drug candidates and ADC development program. 

ii 

We
may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place
undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions, and expectations
disclosed in the forward-looking statements we make. Factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from current
plans, intentions, and expectations include, among other things: 

We
 have a limited operating history and have never generated any revenues other than from a prior research grant, which may make it
 difficult to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability; 

We
 have incurred significant operating losses since inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur substantial operating losses
 for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability; 

We
 will need substantial additional funding, and if we are unable to raise capital when needed, we could be forced to delay, reduce
 or eliminate our drug development programs or commercialization efforts; 

Our
 RADR platform may fail to help us discover and develop additional potential drug candidates; 

We
 have limited experience in drug discovery and drug development and may not receive regulatory approval to market our drug candidates; 

Even
 if we are successful in completing all preclinical studies and clinical trials, we may not be successful in commercializing one or
 more of our drug candidates; and 

Those
 other risk factors listed under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

These
factors could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the forward-statements that we make. Furthermore, we operate in
a competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to
predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

You
should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, with
the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. These forward-looking statements are
based on management s current expectations. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees, but involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different
from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual
results or events to differ materially from current plans, intentions, and expectations include, among other things, those listed under
Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Given these uncertainties, you should not rely on
these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form
10-K are made as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and we do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. 

In
addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These
statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe such information
forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate
that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are
inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 

Unless
the context requires otherwise, references to the Company, Lantern, we, us, and
 our in this Annual Report on Form 10-K refer to Lantern Pharma Inc., a Delaware corporation, and, where appropriate, its
wholly-owned subsidiaries. 

iii 

RISK
FACTOR SUMMARY 

Our
business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risks include, but are not limited to the following: 

We
 have a limited operating history and have never generated any revenues other than from research grants, which may make it difficult
 to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability. 

We
 have incurred significant operating losses since inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur substantial operating losses
 for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability. 

We
 will need substantial additional funding, and if we are unable to raise capital when needed, we could be forced to delay, reduce
 or eliminate our drug development programs or commercialization efforts. 

We
 have limited experience in drug discovery and drug development and may not receive regulatory approval to market our drug candidates. 

Our
 business strategy to rescue previously failed drug candidates may not be successful, and important issues relating to safety and
 efficacy remain to be resolved for all of our drug candidates. Our strategy also involves risks and uncertainties that differ from
 other biotechnology companies that focus solely on new drug candidates that do not have a history of failed clinical trials. 

We
 may depend on enrollment of patients with specific genomic or biomarker signatures in our clinical trials in order for us to continue
 development of our drug candidates. If we are unable to enroll patients with specific genomic or biomarker signatures in our clinical
 trials, our research, development and commercialization efforts could be adversely affected. 

Delays
 in clinical testing could result in increased costs to us and delay our ability to generate revenue. 

Our
 drug candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval,
 limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval, if
 any. 

Our
 RADR platform may fail to help us discover and develop additional potential drug candidates. 

Any
 failure by us to comply with existing regulations could harm our reputation and operating results. 

Our
 inability to obtain and retain sufficient clinical trial liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential liability
 claims could prevent or inhibit our ability to conduct clinical trials for drug candidates we develop. 

Even
 if we are successful in completing all preclinical studies and clinical trials, we may not be successful in commercializing one or
 more of our drug candidates. 

If
 our drugs do not gain market acceptance, our business will suffer because we might not be able to fund future operations. 

Failure
 to obtain marketing approval in foreign jurisdictions would prevent our drug candidates from being marketed abroad. 

Any
 drug candidate that we obtain marketing approval for could be subject to post-marketing restrictions or withdrawal from the market
 and we may be subject to substantial penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated
 problems with our drugs, when and if any of them are approved. 

iv 

Even
 if we obtain regulatory approvals to commercialize LP-300, LP-184, LP-284, LP-100 or our other drug candidates, our drug candidates
 may not be accepted by physicians or the medical community in general. 

Healthcare
 reform measures could hinder or prevent our drug candidates commercial success. 

Governments
 outside of the United States tend to impose strict price controls, which may adversely affect our revenues, if any. 

We
 rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully perform
 their contractual legal and regulatory duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or
 commercialize our drug candidates and our business could be substantially harmed. 

We
 are substantially dependent on third parties for the manufacture of our clinical supplies of our drug candidates, and we intend to
 rely on third parties to produce commercial supplies of any approved drug candidate. Therefore, our development of our drugs could
 be stopped or delayed, and our commercialization of any future drug could be stopped or delayed or made less profitable if third
 party manufacturers fail to obtain approval of the FDA or comparable regulatory authorities or fail to provide us with drug products
 in sufficient quantities or at acceptable prices. 

We,
 or third-party manufacturers on whom we rely, may be unable to successfully scale-up manufacturing of our drug candidates in sufficient
 quality and quantity, which would delay or prevent us from developing our drug candidates and commercializing approved drugs, if
 any. 

We
 have obtained statistical data, market data and other industry data and forecasts used throughout this report from market research,
 publicly available information and industry publications which we believe are reliable but have not been verified by any third party. 

We
 or our licensors may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patent rights or other intellectual property rights, which
 could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. 

We
 may be subject to claims by third parties asserting that our employees, consultants, contractors or advisors have wrongfully used
 or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their current or former employers or claims asserting we have misappropriated their intellectual
 property or claiming ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. 

Our
 stock price has been volatile and thinly traded, which may impair your ability to sell your shares. 

If
 securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports, or publish unfavorable research or reports about our business,
 our stock price and trading volume may decline. 

We
 may be at risk of securities class action litigation. 

Our
 certificate of incorporation and our by-laws, and Delaware law may have anti-takeover effects that could discourage, delay or prevent
 a change in control, which may cause our stock price to decline. 

v 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

We
are a clinical stage biotechnology company, focused on leveraging artificial intelligence A.I. ), machine learning and
genomic data to streamline the drug development process and to identify the patients that will benefit from our targeted oncology therapies.
Our portfolio of therapies consists of small molecules that others have tried, but failed, to develop into an approved commercialized
drug, as well as new compounds that we are developing with the assistance of our proprietary A.I. platform and our biomarker driven approach.
Our A.I. platform, known as RADR , currently includes more than 25 billion data points, and uses big data analytics (combining
molecular data, drug efficacy data, data from historical studies, data from scientific literature, phenotypic data from trials and publications,
and mechanistic pathway data) and machine learning to rapidly uncover biologically relevant genomic signatures correlated to drug response,
and then identify the cancer patients that we believe may benefit most from our compounds. This data-driven, genomically-targeted and
biomarker-driven approach allows us to pursue a transformational drug development strategy that identifies, rescues or develops, and
advances potential small molecule drug candidates at what we believe is a fraction of the time and cost associated with traditional cancer
drug development. 

Our
strategy is to both develop new drug candidates using our RADR platform and other machine learning driven methodologies,
and to pursue the development of drug candidates that have undergone previous clinical trial testing or that may have been halted in
development or deprioritized because of insufficient clinical trial efficacy (i.e., a meaningful treatment benefit relevant for the disease
or condition under study as measured against the comparator treatment used in the relevant clinical testing) or for strategic reasons
by the owner or development team responsible for the compound. Importantly, these historical drug candidates appear to have been well-tolerated
in many instances, and often have considerable data from previous toxicity, tolerability and ADME (absorption, distribution, metabolism,
and excretion) studies that have been completed. Additionally, these drug candidates may also have a body of existing data supporting
the potential mechanism(s) by which they achieve their intended biologic effect, but often require more targeted trials in a stratified
group of patients to demonstrate statistically meaningful results. Our dual approach to both develop de-novo, biomarker-guided drug candidates
and rescue historical drug candidates by leveraging A.I., recent advances in genomics, computational biology and cloud
computing is emblematic of a new era in drug development that is being driven by data-intensive approaches meant to de-risk development
and accelerate the clinical trial process. In this context, we intend to create a diverse portfolio of oncology drug candidates for further
development towards regulatory and marketing approval with the objective of establishing a leading A.I.-driven, methodology for treating
the right patient with the right oncology therapy. 

A
key component of our strategy is to target specific cancer patient populations and treatment indications identified by leveraging our
RADR platform, a proprietary A.I. enabled engine created and owned by us. We believe the combination of our therapeutic
area expertise, our A.I. expertise, and our ability to identify and develop promising drug candidates through our collaborative relationships
with research institutions in selected areas of oncology gives us a significant competitive advantage. Our RADR platform
was developed and refined over the last five years and integrates billions of data points immediately relevant for oncology drug development
and patient response prediction using artificial intelligence and proprietary machine learning algorithms. By identifying clinical candidates,
together with relevant genomic and phenotypic data, we believe our approach will help us design more efficient preclinical studies, and
more targeted clinical trials, thereby accelerating our drug candidates time to approval and eventually to market. Although we
have not yet applied for or received regulatory or marketing approval for any of our drug candidates, we believe our RADR 
platform has the ability to reduce the cost and time to bring drug candidates to specifically targeted patient groups. We believe we
have developed a sustainable and scalable biopharma business model by combining a unique, oncology-focused big-data platform that leverages
artificial intelligence along with active clinical and preclinical programs that are being advanced in targeted cancer therapeutic areas
to address today s treatment needs. 

1 

Scientific
literature offers a definition for drug rescue as research involving abandoned small molecules and biologics that have
not been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ). These rescued molecular compounds are often abandoned
by pharmaceutical companies in the drug discovery or preclinical testing phase, typically because they do not prove effective for the
specific use for which they were developed. Some of these compounds may be useful in treating other diseases for which they have not
been tested. See, Hemphill, Thomas A., The NIH Promotes Drug Repurposing and Rescue, Research Technology Management,
v. 5, no. 5, pp. 6-8 (2012). Our use of the term rescue , drug rescue , or drug rescuing refers
to, a system of developing new uses for chemical and biological entities that previously were investigated in clinical
studies but not further developed or submitted for regulatory approval, or had to be removed from the market for safety reasons. ,
which is a definition we believe is recognized in the drug discovery, drug development and pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries.
 See , Naylor, S. and Schonfeld J., Therapeutic Drug Repurposing, Repositioning and Rescue, DDW (Drug Discovery World)
Winter 2014, and Mucke, HAM, A New Journal for the Drug Repurposing Community. Drug Repurposing, Rescue Repositioning 1, 3-4 (2014).
The use of the term drug rescue, rescuing, or words of similar meaning in this report should not be construed
to mean that our RADR platform has resolved all issues of safety and/or efficacy for any of our drug candidates. Issues
of safety and efficacy for any drug candidate may only be determined by the U.S. FDA or other applicable regulatory authorities in jurisdictions
outside the United States. 

Our
current portfolio consists of four compounds and an Antibody Drug Conjugate (ADC) program: two drug candidates in clinical phases, two
in the pre-IND preclinical stage and our ADC program in research optimization. All of these drug candidates and our ADC program are leveraging
precision oncology, A.I. and genomic driven approaches to accelerate and direct development efforts. 

We
currently have two drug candidates in clinical development, LP-100 and LP-300, where we are leveraging data from prior preclinical studies
and clinical trials, along with insights generated from our A.I. platform, to target the types of tumors and patient groups we believe
will be most responsive to the drug. Both LP-100 and LP-300 showed promise in important patient subgroups, but failed pivotal Phase III
trials when the overall results did not meet the predefined clinical endpoints. We believe that this was due to a lack of biomarker-driven
patient stratification. LP-300 has been studied in multiple randomized, controlled, multi-center non-small cell lung cancer, or NSCLC,
trials that included administration of either paclitaxel and cisplatin and/or docetaxel and cisplatin, and we are currently conducting
a targeted phase II trial (the Harmonic trial) for LP-300 in never smoking patients with NSCLC in combination with chemotherapy,
under an existing investigational new drug application. LP-100 was previously out-licensed by us to Allarity Therapeutics A/S. In July
2021, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement to reacquire global development and commercialization rights for LP-100 from Allarity. 

Additionally,
we have two new drug candidates, LP-184 and LP-284, in pre-IND preclinical development for multiple potentially distinct indications
where we are leveraging machine learning and genomic data to streamline the drug development process and to identify the patients
and cancer subtypes that will best benefit from these drugs, if approved. Subject to regulatory clearance to move forward under
future IND applications, we are planning a Phase I clinical trial for LP-184 to begin in mid 2023 and a Phase I clinical trial for
LP-284 to begin in mid 2023. Our ADC program commenced in early 2021 is aimed at identifying targeted or therapeutic antibodies to
conjugate with selected compounds. In January 2023, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary, Starlight Therapeutics Inc. Starlight ), to develop drug candidate LP-184 s central nervous system (CNS) and brain cancer indications
 including glioblastoma (GBM), brain metastases (brain mets.), and several rare pediatric CNS cancers. Following the
formation of Starlight, we will refer to the molecule LP-184, as it is developed in CNS indications, as
 STAR-001 . 

Our
development strategy is to pursue an increasing number of oncology focused, molecularly targeted therapies where artificial intelligence
and genomic data can help us provide biological insights, reduce the risk associated with development efforts and help clarify potential
patient response. We plan on strategically evaluating these on a program-by-program basis as they advance into clinical development,
either to be done entirely by us or with out-licensing partners to maximize the commercial opportunity and reduce the time it takes to
bring the right drug to the right patient. 

2 

As
part of our overall growth strategy, we plan to grow our pipeline by identifying new drug candidates and pursuing potential indications
for LP-300, LP-184, LP-284, and LP-100 while leveraging our RADR platform. We are also pursuing the identification and
design of potential combination therapies in cancer for our compounds by leveraging our RADR platform to analyze synergistic
genomic networks and biological pathways with other currently approved drugs. 

We
have an extensive multi-national portfolio of intellectual property directed to our drug candidates, and to protect the targeted use
and development of our portfolio of compounds in specific patient populations and in specific therapeutic indications. In addition, as
our RADR platform and other machine learning driven methodologies progress and mature, we will continue to evaluate additional
ways to further protect these assets. 

As
of March 1, 2023, we own or control over 80 active patents and patent applications across over 16 patent families whose claims are directed
to our drug candidates and what we plan to do with our drug candidates. We have in-licensed or acquired patents and patent applications
from AF Chemicals, and BioNumerik that are directed to the compounds, LP-100, LP-184, LP-284 and LP-300, and methods of using the compounds.
Additionally, we have also filed patent applications to further enhance, and extend the use of these in-licensed compounds. Our 14 patent
families are directed to our drug candidates, their usage, manufacturing and other matters. These matters are essential to precision
oncology and relate to: (a) data-driven, biologically relevant biomarker signatures, (b) patient selection and stratification approaches
that rely on prediction of response derived from these signatures and, (c) the ability to develop novel, combination therapy approaches
with existing therapeutics. 

Our
Drug Candidate Pipeline 

One
of the ways we are building our drug candidate pipeline is by in-licensing clinical stage drug candidates that may have been discontinued
for development. We use our RADR platform to assist in analyzing prior clinical research conducted by others to identify
small-molecule oncology drug candidates that have (i) a well-tolerated profile evidenced by completion of phase I clinical trials, and
(ii) demonstrated at least limited antitumor or anticancer activity in clinical trials. We intend to advance the drug candidates in our
pipeline as potential precision medicine treatments for cancer. Our targeted development workflow includes preclinical studies where
drug activity and associated gene signatures are identified, in part through strategic collaborations with some of the top academic institutions
and clinical translational centers in the world. Using this collaborative approach, together with innovative observations from our RADR 
 platform, we intend to develop and add drug candidates to our pipeline with the objective of treating the right patient populations
with the right oncology therapies. 

3 

Our
current pipeline of development programs involves four small molecule drug candidates: LP-300, LP-100, LP-184, and LP-284, and an Antibody
Drug Conjugate (ADC) program. 

LP-300
 (Sodium 2,2 -disulfanediyldiethanesulfonate) (Tavocept ): We are
 currently advancing LP-300 in a phase II clinical trial, the Harmonic trial, in combination
 with chemotherapy in never-smokers with NSCLC adenocarcinoma who relapsed while on tyrosine
 kinase inhibitor (TKI) therapy. 
 
 LP-100
 (6-Hydroxymethylacylfulvene: LP-100 is in clinical development with a focus on treatment in combination with the class of anticancer
 agents known as PARP inhibitors (PARPi) 

LP-184 .
 (-) hydroxyureamethylacylfulvene): LP-184 is a synthetic small molecule drug with nanomolar potency that preferentially damages
 DNA in cancer cells overexpressing specific biomarkers. We are advancing LP-184 towards the launch of a phase I clinical trial targeted for
 mid 2023. 

LP-284 . (+) hydroxyureamethylacylfulvene): LP-284, the stereoisomer (enantiomer) of LP-184, has shown promising in-vitro and in
 vivo anticancer activity in multiple hematological cancers, which are distinct from the indications targeted by LP-184. We are
 advancing LP-284 towards the launch of a phase I clinical trial targeted for mid 2023. 

ADC
Program: Based on the recognition of antibody drug conjugates as a promising therapeutic approach for cancer treatment, and one that
has growing interest due to the potential to increase targeted cancer cell death, we initiated an ADC program in early 2021. 

We
currently have an existing IND in the U.S. for LP-300 that was transferred to us as part of our in-licensing and agreement with BioNumerik
to acquire the rights to the compound. There is currently no active IND in the U.S. for LP-100, LP-184 and LP-284. 

4 

Our
Precision Cancer Therapy Development Using Our Innovative RADR Platform 

RADR 
 is one of the world s largest A.I. and machine learning (M.L.) oncology drug discovery and development platforms, consisting
of over 25+ billion oncology-focused data points. These data points consist of large-scale multi-omic data, derived from 130,000+ patient
records, 150+ drug-tumor interactions, thousands of drug classes, and covering over 135 cancer subtypes. RADR leverages
this data and over 200+ advanced ML algorithms to power its drug discovery and development modules. RADR s data,
capabilities, and insights have powered the development of new Lantern drug candidates, advancement of new indications for existing drugs,
and identification of potential new drug combinations. 

Historically,
cancer treatment protocols include surgery, chemotherapy and radiation therapy. Treatments have been selected based on histologic type
and disease spread, irrespective of genetic differences among patients. With the advent of precision therapies, cancer treatments increasingly
target specific genes or mechanisms of action for a more personalized approach to patient care. This trend represents a substantial advance
in cancer treatment because tumor growth is highly dependent on genetic changes and the genetic profile of the individual and the progression
of the disease is highly variable amongst patients. 

Our
RADR platform is core to our drug development approach for identifying the desired candidates to in-license and develop.
According to a recent article in JAMA Estimated Research and Development Investment Needed to Bring a New Medicine to Market ,
2009-18 , JAMA, March 3, 2020 oncology drug development is costly, risky, and highly competitive with an average success rate
of 4 to 8 and average developmental costs of over 1 billion per successful drug. There is a critical need to rescue clinical research
on drugs that have failed clinical trials in order to provide additional possible therapies for patients while reducing the overall cost
of therapeutic development. Many drug failures within oncology may be attributed to the heterogeneity of the tested patient population,
even though there may be a strongly positive therapeutic impact on certain patient subgroups within that population. 

As
data-centric and machine learning approaches begin to change the pace and scale of drug discovery and development, research and development R D we believe efforts in large biopharma companies will begin to shift away from traditional approaches towards
new data and A.I.-centric approaches. According to Deloitte Consulting, in Ten Years On | Measuring the return from pharmaceutical
innovation 2019, decades of advances in science and technology have driven improvements in health care outcomes and influenced
stakeholder expectations of the role of the biopharmaceutical industry (biopharma). However, the past decade has seen increasing pressures
undermine the productivity of biopharma R D, leading to multiple years of decline in the return on investment. At the same time,
innovative new treatments are changing the face of disease management. New treatment modalities and an increasing understanding of precision
medicine have led to the need for new R D models... The Deloitte Consulting report further describes that R D costs will,
 shift from traditional discovery and trial execution to a process driven by large datasets, advanced computing power and cloud
storage . 

Analysts
estimate that this shift from traditional screening, and trial-based studies to leveraging in silico, data and A.I. methodologies has
driven a significant increase in the spending on A.I. by the biopharma and drug discovery community to approximately 4 billion in 2021,
increasing by about 40 annually from 730 million in 2019 according to PMLive and Global Market Insights. As a result of these trends
and changes in the R D model in biopharma, we believe that we, and companies that are using data-centric and A.I. centric approaches
to drug discovery and development, are in an ideal position to benefit from this industry shift that has the potential to help deliver
drugs to the right patients faster, with a higher degree of personalization and a potentially lower amount of average costs in the development
cycle. 

Our
drug rescue approach leverages substantial prior research and development investments in candidates that were withdrawn from development
prior to submission for FDA approval. The large volume of failed compounds, recent developments that permit increased access to validated
genomic and biomarker data, and the rapid evolution of A.I. technology creates an opportunity to efficiently capitalize on these investments. 

5 

Our
RADR platform is rapidly emerging as a robust and scalable platform for targeted cancer therapy development. Through
the use of A.I. and machine learning, RADR is designed to quickly identify and guide the development of compounds that
we can develop as potential oncology agents through either a process of drug rescue, drug repositioning or de-novo development. RADR 
 is being developed through an accumulation and curation of genomic and biomarker data that is directly relevant to the measurement
and classification drug-tumor interaction, and clinical datapoints related to patient response and patient stratification. 

Predicting
optimal drug responses in cancer patients requires the identification and validation of predictive biomarkers. Our RADR platform
seeks to identify biomarkers to assist in selecting patients who have the highest likelihood to respond to our drug candidates. For example,
the targeted indications for our drug candidate LP-184 were chosen in part because they are known to highly express the protein coding
gene PTGR1. Our planned clinical trial for LP-184 is intended to provide additional information regarding biomarkers related to LP-184 s
molecular and cellular targets. This method of using and validating targeted biomarkers during development and then using these biomarkers
during clinical trials can lead to shortening of the development timeline and compression of costs associated with oncology drug development. 

Similarly,
we believe LP-300 targets molecular pathways that are more common in never smokers than in other groups and also targets kinases involved
in key signaling pathways involving enzymes critical for DNA synthesis and repair, such as Excision Repair Cross-Complementation Group
1 (ERCC1), Ribonucleotide Reductase 1 (RNR1), Ribonucleotide Reductase 2 (RNR2), as well as enzymes and proteins important in regulating
cell redox status, such as Thioredoxin (TRX), Peroxiredoxin (PRX), Glutaredoxin (GRX), and Protein Disulfide Isomerase (PDI). 

Our
RADR Platform 

The
human genome consists of 19,000 to 20,000 protein coding genes. One input record derived from available data bases and analyzed by our
RADR platform consists of datapoints (expression values) from approximately 20,000 genes, another input record type is
drug sensitivity data (IC20, IC50), and other sets include key clinical parameters from HIPAA compliant patient data and clinical histories.
Our RADR platform uses a data-driven gene feature selection methodology that is a combination of biology, informatics,
and statistics computational biology. The architecture, tools and software of our platform are depicted in the figures below. 

6 

We
developed our platform using primarily open-source third party supervised algorithms such as Neural Networks, Support Vector Machine,
Random Forest, K-Nearest Neighbors, Logistic Regression and Penalized Multivariate Regression. Each algorithm is trained with input data
to predict drug sensitivity (regressor models) and stratify patient response as responder or non-responder (classifier models). Model
tuning and optimization is then performed using a hyperparameter search algorithm in order to produce the predicted lowest cross validation
error. The models are then evaluated using traditional performance metrics such as accuracy, area under the curve, sensitivity, specificity,
precision, root mean square error and mean absolute error calculations. 

A
feature reduction algorithm is then used to reduce the number of genes under analysis to a biomarker gene panel of less than approximately
50 genes. This set of genes is intended to carry the highest coefficient to predict drug sensitivity and the highest variable importance
in classifying a responder from a non-responder. Genes that do not help in predicting the output variable are eliminated sequentially. 

Our
RADR Platform Workflow 

Our
RADR platform s proprietary workflow involves preliminary statistical analysis on approximately 18,000 features
typically from whole transcriptomic datasets reducing the set to approximately 2,000 features. This is followed by gene filtering via
biological and statistical methodologies yielding approximately 200 significant genes. The platform currently contains 6 feature selection
methods and 13 machine learning methods to analyze the drug and omics data, in order to fine tune the model and get better and improved
prediction accuracy. Feature selection ensures that genes that do not contribute to response prediction are excluded from the output
dataset. The prediction component subsequently applies an A.I.-driven reduction algorithm to the previously filtered genes generating
a targeted set of typically less than 50 candidate biomarkers predictive of response to a particular molecule. The figure below illustrates RADR s workflow. 

A
distinct and unique benefit of the RADR platform is its ability to integrate biological knowledge and data-driven feature
selection to generate hypothesis-free biomarker signatures. This can then aid in identifying novel targets for predictive screening and
drug development. 

7 

Our
RADR platform is enabled through access to, and analysis of, a number of key datasets: (i) publicly available databases
(ii) data from commercial clinical studies and trials and (iii) our proprietary data generated from ex vivo 3D tumor models specific
to drug-tumor interactions. We incorporate automated supervised machine learning strategies along with big data analytics, statistics
and systems biology to facilitate identification of new correlations of genetic biomarkers with drug activity. 

The
value of the platform architecture is derived from its validation through the analysis of over 25 billion oncology-specific clinical
and preclinical data points, more than 154 drug-cancer interactions, thousands of drug classes, data covering more than 135 cancer subtypes,
and over 130,000 patient records from 16 databases, one of which is our internal database. RADR leverages this data and
over 200+ advanced ML algorithms to power its drug discovery and development modules. Our long-term objective is to collect and analyze
over 100 billion oncology-specific clinical and preclinical data points to further enhance the prediction power of our RADR 
 platform. We use cancer cell line gene expression profiles and drug sensitivity data (IC50) as one of its input types. In a population
of 10 case studies our platform was able to distinguish responders from non-responders with an average historical accuracy of over 80 .
We have also used our platform to generate genetic signatures that we believe to have applicability for the majority of FDA approved
drug-tumor indications. External validation, through retrospective data analysis, of patient datasets from 10 independent clinical studies
achieved an average response prediction accuracy greater than 80 , and internal analysis of 120 drug-tumor interactions in cell lines
achieved an accuracy of greater than 85 . The figure below illustrates examples of RADR s algorithms and how they can be used. 

We
have developed our platform in a cloud environment that efficiently uses parallel processing to analyze patient stratification and biomarker
selection. Best software engineering practices are followed while designing and developing our platform s architecture. In order
to track modifications in the software, a version control system is in place. We use a software release process, including a rigorous
regression testing process, to ensure functions and programs are working as designed. 

8 

Our
platform uses a simple user input and GUI based AI architecture that can be used in many pharmaceutical research areas such as biomarker
identification, patient stratification, drug rescue and reposition by bioinformaticians, clinicians and trained wet-lab scientists. 

In
late 2021, the Code Ocean Platform, a secure cloud-based computing environment manager, was integrated into RADR . The
Code Ocean environment has upgraded RADR s data organization, synchronization, scalability and accessibility. These
architecture changes have enhanced the reproducibility of RADR aided insights and analysis and created an environment
that improves the ability to collaborate and share insights within Lantern and with Lantern s collaborators. The figure below illustrates ways that RADR s modules can be used to facilitate drug discovery and
development within Lantern and with our collaborators. 

Actuate
Therapeutics Collaboration Utilizing RADR Platform 

In
May 2021, we entered into a Collaboration Agreement with Actuate Therapeutics, Inc. Actuate ), a clinical stage private
biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of compounds for use in the treatment of cancer, and inflammatory diseases leading
to fibrosis. Pursuant to the agreement, as amended, we are collaborating with Actuate on utilization of our RADR platform to develop
novel biomarker derived signatures for use with one of Actuate s product candidates. As part of the collaboration, we received
25,000 restricted shares of Actuate stock subject to meeting certain conditions of the collaboration, as well as the potential to receive
additional Actuate stock if results from the collaboration are utilized in future development efforts. 

TTC
Oncology Collaboration to Expand the Clinical Development of Drug Candidate TTC-352 

In
February 2023, we entered into a Collaboration Agreement with TTC Oncology TTC ). The collaboration is focused on using
RADR to accelerate and sharpen the drug development of TTC s Phase 2 ready drug candidate TTC-352. TTC-352, is
a novel, first- and best-in-class selective human estrogen receptor (ER) partial agonist (ShERPA) for the treatment of patients with
metastatic ER+ breast cancer. TTC-352 was recently evaluated in a Phase 1 accelerated dose escalation study for hormone receptor positive
metastatic breast cancer, and it showed early efficacy signals in heavily pretreated hormone refractory patients. The initial aims of
the collaboration are to 1) identify biomarker or gene signatures to power potential patient selection for an upcoming TTC-352 Phase
2 clinical trial, 2) further characterize TTC-352 s mechanism of action, and 3) discover additional treatment indications for TTC-352.
Under the terms of the collaboration, Lantern is receiving an exclusive right to license TTC-352, including any collaboration intellectual
property IP ), during an exclusive option period. Additionally, Lantern and TTC will each participate in upfront, milestone,
and royalty payments in the event a third-party licenses IP resulting from the collaboration. 

9 

Our
Strategy 

Our
mission is to bring the right cancer drugs to the right patients by transforming the drug development process through the use of artificial
intelligence and data-driven development approaches. Our proprietary A.I.-enabled, and precision oncology approach, which focuses on
developing our own pipeline of compounds by rescuing drug candidates that have previously failed and developing new compounds that are
targeted to specific biological activity and genomic pathways, has the potential, we believe, to bring drugs to market faster, with lower
costs, and with reduced risk, thereby enabling a change in the cost and availability of precision cancer therapy. We work with leading
research laboratories, translational medicine and cancer centers to develop our studies and clinical trials for our portfolio, and actively
update and improve our RADR platform to incorporate additional biomarker data, patient outcome data, cancer drug efficacy
studies and computational models that relate to oncology drug development and prediction of patient response. 

As
part of our growth strategy, we plan to: 

Pursue
 existing indications for LP-300, LP-184, LP-284 and LP-100, leveraging our RADR platform to refine and optimize our
 trial design and biomarker signatures that correlate to potential patient response. 

Expand
 our pipeline by identifying new drug candidates that have either been abandoned or have failed in late stage clinical trials, and
 have the potential to benefit from a precision medicine approach that leverages our expertise and A.I. platform. 

Identify
 and design potential combination therapy approaches to use our compounds in conjunction with currently approved drugs by leveraging
 our RADR platform to analyze and uncover synergistic mechanisms and biological pathways using genomics and machine
 learning. 

Increase
 the number of data points powering our RADR A.I. platform from more than the current 25 billion to a target of
 approximately 50 billion by the end of 2023. 

Advance
 the algorithms, methodologies and models that underlie our computational and machine learning platform to improve the predictive
 power, and to develop additional capabilities that are focused on accelerating or de-risking oncology drug development. 

Pursue
 collaborations and partnerships with other biotech and pharma companies where our A.I. and precision oncology expertise can be used
 to de-risk or accelerate development programs and where our stockholders can receive a significant economic benefit. 

Continue
 to develop and patent intellectual property and advance our intellectual property portfolio associated with both fundamental patents
 and patents associated with precision, patient stratified, targeted therapies and genomic or biomarker signatures. 

Continue
 to select and launch additional clinical development program. 

10 

LP-300 

General
Overview 

We
are currently advancing LP-300 in a Phase II clinical trial (the HARMONIC Study of LP-300 in combination with carboplatin
and pemetrexed in never smoker patients with relapsed advanced primary adenocarcinoma of the lung after treatment with tyrosine kinase
inhibitors (TKIs). 

LP-300
is a cysteine-modifying molecular entity that works to modulate multiple cellular pathways simultaneously and is a potential combination
agent for targeted indications in NSCLC. LP-300 is a small molecule (molecular weight 326.4 Da) that was in-licensed from BioNumerik
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in May 2016, and subsequently acquired by us in 2018. We are focused on repositioning LP-300 as a potential combination
therapy for never smokers NSCLC patients with histologically defined adenocarcinoma. Prior clinical trials conducted by BioNumerik for
LP-300 did not meet their primary clinical endpoints, and at least one or more future clinical trials that meet their pre-specified primary
endpoints with statistical significance will be required before we can obtain a regulatory marketing approval, if any, to commercialize
LP-300. Safety and efficacy determinations are solely within the authority of the FDA in the U.S. or other regulatory agencies in other
jurisdictions. Currently there is no approved therapy specifically for the growing indication of never-smokers with NSCLC, and female
never smokers appear to be uniquely responsive to LP-300. With both chemosensitizing and chemoprotective activity, LP-300 has potential
as a combination agent or adjuvant in front line, second line or salvage therapy in newly diagnosed, relapsed, metastatic or advanced
NSCLC for overall survival enhancement and toxicity alleviation from primary chemotherapy or standard of care. We are currently in the
early stages of defining a specific biomarker signature that correlates with heightened sensitivity to LP-300. We believe that this signature
may help accelerate the clinical development of LP-300 and has the potential to guide patient selection for targeted clinical trials. 

Prior
clinical trials conducted by BioNumerik for LP-300 did not meet their primary clinical endpoints and at least one or more future clinical
trials that meet their pre-specified primary endpoints with statistical significance will be required before we can obtain a regulatory
marketing approval, if any, to commercialize LP-300. Prior clinical trial observations are not necessarily predictive of the outcome
of any future clinical trials we may conduct. 

LP-300
has been administered in multiple clinical trials to more than 1,000 subjects and has been generally well-tolerated. Retrospective analyses
of the results of a multi-country phase III lung cancer trial (study ID DMS32212R) in subgroups of adenocarcinoma patients receiving
LP-300, paclitaxel and cisplatin demonstrated substantial improvement in overall survival, particularly among female never smokers, where
a 13.6 month improvement in overall survival (p-value 0.0167, hazard ratio 0.367) in favor of LP-300 was observed, as compared to placebo
in the subgroup of paclitaxel/cisplatin-treated patients. Similar retrospective findings of increased overall survival in the subgroup
of LP-300/paclitaxel/cisplatin treated female Asian patients with adenocarcinoma of the lung were observed in a randomized, double-blind,
placebo-controlled trial in Japan. Prior historical clinical trial observations are not necessarily predictive of the outcome of future
trials. No assurances can be given that we will be successful in obtaining marketing approval for LP-300. The chemical structure of LP-300
is depicted below. 

LP-300
Chemical Structure 

11 

LP-300
Phase II Clinical Trial 

We
are conducting a Phase II clinical trial (the HARMONIC Study of LP-300 in combination with carboplatin and pemetrexed
in never smoker patients with relapsed advanced primary adenocarcinoma of the lung after treatment with tyrosine kinase inhibitors. Our
purpose in conducting the study is to determine the potential clinical advantages for this drug combination in the study-defined patient
population. As of the date of this report, we have activated 5 clinical trial sites
in the US, across 12 locations, and we anticipate multiple additional sites in the US during the first half of 2023, with first enrolled
patients anticipated in the second quarter of 2023. 

The
trial is designed as a multicenter, open label, Phase II trial with planned enrollment of approximately 90 patients. Patients who are
never smokers with lung adenocarcinoma and have relapsed after prior treatment with tyrosine kinase inhibitors will be eligible for enrollment.
Following a six-patient safety lead-in stage, the trial consists of randomization in a 2:1 allocation ratio to one of two arms: Arm A
(consisting of carboplatin, pemetrexed, and LP-300) or Arm B (consisting of carboplatin and pemetrexed). 

The
primary objective of this study is to determine progression-free survival and overall survival in the study-defined patient population
when co-administered LP-300 with combination chemotherapy (carboplatin and pemetrexed) versus carboplatin and pemetrexed alone. The secondary
objectives of the study are to evaluate tumor response measured by objective response rate, duration of objective response, and clinical
benefit rate. We will also determine any associations between the efficacy endpoints and patient biomarkers (e.g., circulating tumor
DNA and tumor genome characteristics) as an exploratory objective. Other exploratory objectives for the study may include evaluating
quality of life in all patients and performance of patients based on the type, duration, and number of tyrosine kinase inhibitors received. 

Key
Findings from Prior LP-300 Clinical Trials 

Summarized
below are some key findings from LP-300 s prior clinical trials: 

LP-300
 targets molecular pathways that are more common in female non-smokers than in any other group. Key mechanisms have been elucidated
 to support LP-300 s role in the observed treatment benefits for females and never smokers noted in the Phase III NSCLC adenocarcinoma
 trial. The rationale for these observations includes the following: (1) Met/ALK EGFR alterations are more common in non-smokers,
 who are most commonly female and present with advanced stage adenocarcinoma; (2) laboratory data indicate that LP-300 targets both
 EGFR WT/mut+ and Met/ALK; and (3) a high percentage of adenocarcinoma patients are either EGFR mutants or Met/ALK positive. 

There
 are several key pathways in NSCLC adenocarcinoma whose targets are often overexpressed in females, and LP-300 modulates these pathways .
 LP-300 targets the following key pathways: (1) kinases involved in key signaling pathways (ALK, ROS, MET); (2) enzymes critical for
 DNA synthesis and repair (ERCC1, RNR1, RNR2); and (3) enzymes and proteins important in regulating cell redox status (TRX, PRX, GRX,
 PDI). The alterations that are targeted and modulated by LP-300 are more likely in women with lung adenocarcinoma, especially non-smokers. 

LP-300
 showed that females had a survival increase from 13 months to 25 months, based on a retrospective subgroup analysis of a Phase III
 NSCLC adenocarcinoma trial. Results from a Phase III NSCLC adenocarcinoma trial exhibited an overall survival of 25.0 months,
 with a 2-year survival of 51.4 , in the subgroup of females with advanced adenocarcinoma of the lung receiving paclitaxel/cisplatin
 and LP-300. The observed results were statistically significant (p-value = 0.0477; HR=0.579) and were observed in a subgroup of 114
 patients in retrospective analyses. Consistent statistically significant retrospective subgroup analysis results were observed in
 female NSCLC adenocarcinoma patients receiving paclitaxel/cisplatin and LP-300 in a prior LP-300 double-blind, placebo-controlled
 phase III trial conducted in Japan. 

LP-300
 exhibits potential to reduce anemia and protect against chemotherapy-induced kidney toxicity, both of which are conditions that disproportionately
 affect females. The LP-300 arm of the Phase III NSCLC adenocarcinoma trial also demonstrated the potential for LP-300 to protect
 against chemotherapy-induced kidney toxicity and anemia. These findings complement earlier clinical observations regarding LP-300 s
 potential to protect against neuropathy and other chemotherapy-induced toxicities. 

12 

Background-Scope
of Prior Phase III NSCLC Adenocarcinoma Trial (LP-300) 

LP-300
was studied in a randomized, multi-center (trial locations in four US states and five European countries), double-blind and placebo-controlled
Phase III trial from 2010 to 2013 in patients with adenocarcinoma of the lung (the Phase III NSCLC adenocarcinoma trial ).
The aim of the trial was to determine whether LP-300, combined with a standard combination of chemotherapy drugs, would increase survival
in patients with advanced NSCLC adenocarcinoma. The secondary aim of the trial was to determine if the chemoprotective properties of
LP-300 were effective in preventing or reducing common side-effects of cancer treatment, including kidney damage, anemia, nausea and
vomiting that can occur with these drug combinations. The trial enrolled NSCLC patients with newly diagnosed or recurrent advanced (stage
IIIB/IV) primary adenocarcinoma of the lung. Patients with confirmed histopathological diagnosis of inoperable and measurable advanced
primary adenocarcinoma (including bronchioalveolar cell carcinoma) of the lung, and no prior systemic treatment for NSCLC including chemotherapy,
immunotherapy, hormonal therapy, targeted therapies or investigational drugs, were included in the trial. Overall survival was the primary
outcome measure. Patients in the control arm received standard of care (cisplatin and either paclitaxel or docetaxel) plus placebo, whereas
patients in the treatment arm received standard of care (cisplatin and either paclitaxel or docetaxel) plus LP-300. The primary results
of the trial for patients receiving cisplatin and paclitaxel are outlined in the table below. While the overall results of the Phase
III NSCLC adenocarcinoma trial did not meet the specified endpoint of the trial in increasing overall survival in all patients, when
the data were retrospectively separated by gender and smoking status, the trial data demonstrated that all never smokers, especially
female never smokers, saw increased survival with LP-300 combination treatment with paclitaxel and cisplatin. Furthermore, the LP-300
group in the phase III NSCLC adenocarcinoma trial exhibited well-tolerated advantages relating to the potential to protect against chemotherapy-induced
nephrotoxicity, neuropathy and nausea along with reduced anemia. 

The
figure below depicts the survival curves for cisplatin/paclitaxel subgroups for the Phase III NSCLC adenocarcinoma trial that ended in
2013, as summarized. The Kaplan Meier curves maintain consistent separation between treatment arms for the never smokers, females, and
female never smokers. 

Rationale
Behind LP-300 Rescue and Repositioning Efforts 

Based
on the results from the prior Phase III NSCL adenocarcinoma trial, we have launched the HARMONIC LP-300 Phase II clinical trial
to target the subpopulation of never smokers with adenocarcinoma that saw strong benefit in the previous Phase III trial. Although the
incidence of never-smokers with NSCLC is rising currently there is no approved therapy specifically for the growing indication of never-smokers
with NSCLC. Preclinical observations support that LP-300 preferentially modulates ALK and EGFR, two commonly mutated genes in non-smokers
with adenocarcinoma. Based on the findings from the previous Phase III NSCL adenocarcinoma trial, it is possible that the benefits of
combining LP-300 with standard of care chemotherapy could be further improved by identifying additional molecular biomarkers in patients
who respond well to LP-300 combination treatment. We continue to seek additional opportunities for LP-300. Some of our considerations
include a never smoker population with a specific genetic signature that correlates to increased LP-300 sensitivity. 

13 

Disease
Background and Opportunity 

Lung
cancer remains one of the most common and deadly cancers worldwide. Lung cancer accounts for 12 of all new cancer diagnoses, but 21 
of all cancer deaths in the US. Lung cancer kills more people annually than cancers of the breast, prostate, colon, liver, kidney, pancreatic,
and melanoma combined. The American Cancer Society s estimates for lung cancer in the US for 2023 are: 

Approximately
 238,340 new cases of lung cancer (117,550 in men and 120,790 in women) 

Approximately
 127,070 deaths from lung cancer (67,160 in men and 59,910 in women) 

The
most common type of lung cancer is called non-small cell lung cancer NSCLC ), which represents about 80 to 85 of all
lung cancer. 

Lung
adenocarcinoma, a histological subtype of NSCLC that originates within the glands that line the lung, is the most common subtype of lung
cancer in the world inflicting approximately 50 to 65 of non-Asians and approximately 70 to 85 of Asians diagnosed with lung cancer.
According to LUNGevity Foundation, the National Institutes of Health and other published literature, 60 to 65 of all new lung cancer
diagnoses are among people who are former smokers or have never smoked, while 10-15 of new lung cancer cases are among never-smokers. 

Over
one-half of the patients diagnosed with NSCLC in any given year will present with inoperable advanced (stage IV) disease, for which there
is no cure. Patients with stage IV NSCLC exhibit a median overall survival time of 7 to 12 months; approximately one-third of patients
will survive for a year, and only 10 to 21 of those patients will survive for two years. 

Lung
cancer is the most common cause of global cancer-related mortality, leading to over a million deaths each year and adenocarcinoma is
its most common histological subtype. Worldwide, lung cancer occurred in approximately 2.2 million patients in 2020 and caused an estimated
1.8 million deaths. NSCLC is described as any type of epithelial lung cancer other than small cell lung cancer SCLC ).
The 5-year survival rate for NSCLC is 25 . 

Rapid
advances in understanding the molecular pathogenesis of NSCLC have demonstrated that NSCLC is a heterogeneous group of diseases. Although
the initial treatment of localized disease is the same, the molecular characterization of tumor tissue in patients with NSCLC serves
as a guide to treatment both in those who present with metastatic disease and in those who relapse after primary therapy. Molecularly
targeted therapies have dramatically improved treatment for patients whose tumors harbor somatically activated oncogenes such as mutant
EGFR1 or translocated ALK, RET, or ROS1. Smoking is the major cause of lung adenocarcinoma but, as smoking rates decrease, proportionally
more cases occur in never-smokers (defined as less than 100 cigarettes in a lifetime). KRAS mutations in lung cancer cases are nearly
exclusive to smokers. KRAS, Kristen rat sarcoma viral oncogene homolog, is a protein involved in regulating cell division.
KRAS mutation is a gain-of-function mutation (i.e. somatic mutation turns RAS, a benign gene proto-oncogene into KRAS,
an oncogenic driver of many tumors). KRAS-mutated non-small cell lung cancer represents 20 to 25 of all NSCLC. FDA granted accelerated
approval to KRAS inhibitor sotorasib and Antibody Drug Conjugate trastuzumab deruxtecan (Enhertu) for KRAS G12C - mutated and HER2
mutated advanced stages non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), respectively. In 2022, the combination of CTLA-4 inhibitor tremelimumab and
the anti-PDL1 antibody durvalumab was approved by FDA for treating metastatic NSCLC patients lacking EGFR mutation or ALK translocation.
Tumor suppressor gene abnormalities, such as those in TP53, CDKN2A8, KEAP1, and SMARCA4 are also common but are not currently clinically
actionable. 

14 

In
reviewing lung cancer incidence and mortality rates among never-smokers in the Journal of Clinical Oncology, Wakelee, H.A. et al. have
reported that the age-adjusted incidence rates of lung cancer among never-smokers aged 40 to 79 years from large population-based cohorts
ranged from 14.4 to 20.8 per 100,000 person-years in women and 4.8 to 13.7 per 100,000 person-years in men, supporting earlier observations
that women are more likely than men to have never smoking-associated lung cancer. The biology of lung cancer in never-smokers is apparent
in differential responses to epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitors and an increased prevalence of adenocarcinoma histology in never-smokers.
Lung cancer in never-smokers is an important public health issue needing further exploration of its incidence patterns, etiology, and
biology. Due to the fact that there are no known therapy options for this group, we believe that aggressive development of therapy options
is needed and is a high unmet clinical need. 

In
the US in 2023, there will be an estimated 12,000 diagnosed cases of NSCLC in female non-smokers, accounting for approximately 5 of
all lung cancer cases. Globally in 2020, there were an estimated 111,583 adenocarcinoma cases of NSCLC in female non-smokers. Due to
the specificity of this indication, it may be possible to classify it as a rare disease. When attempting to explain some gender susceptibility
differences, research has demonstrated that women with NSCLC tend to be: 

Younger; 

Asian; 

2-3
 times more likely to be non-smokers; 

more
 likely to develop adenocarcinoma and; 

more
 likely to have metastatic disease. 

The
high rate of adenocarcinomas in non-smoking women suggests the possible existence of other etiological factors in addition to smoking.
Some factors that have been considered include gender-specific genetic alterations and predispositions, passive smoke effects, different
nicotine metabolism in women, occupational exposure, diet, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Based upon estimates published
by Global Cancer Statistics 2020 and 2023 estimates published by the American Cancer Society, below is an overview of relevant potential
patient population and market sizes that we believe LP-300 could address, if approved: 

Lung cancer 
 Global 
 (2020) 
 US (2023) 
 
 Total lung cancer estimated incidence (new cases) 
 2,210,000 
 238,340 
 
 NSCLC incidence (~85 of all lung cancer cases) 
 1,878,500 
 202,589 
 
 NSCLC adenocarcinoma incidence (~60 of all NSCLC) 
 1,127,100 
 121,553 
 
 Never-smokers estimate (~15 of adenocarcinoma) 
 169,065 
 18,233 
 
 Female never-smoker estimate (~66 of never-smokers with lung cancer are female) 
 111,583 
 12,034 
 
 Total Potential Patient Segment in New Lung Cancer 
 5 
 5 

Limitations
on Current Treatment 

Treatment
of patients with advanced NSCLC in the first-line setting usually includes chemotherapy (including taxanes, vinorelbine, or gemcitabine)
in combination with a platinum doublet (cisplatin or carboplatin). According to the clinical practice guidelines published by the National
Comprehensive Cancer Network, many of these combinations have reached a plateau in terms of overall response 25 to 35 ), time
to progression (four to six months), median survival time (eight to ten months), one-year survival rate (30 to 40 ), and two-year survival
rate (10 to 15 in patients with good performance status. Treatment remains palliative and is limited due to inherent toxicities that
may affect the quality of life resulting from treatment. Toxicities can be life-threatening or cause treatment delays, thereby limiting
the intensity of treatment delivered and affecting its efficacy. Common and serious chemotherapy-induced toxicities, such as anemia,
emesis, and peripheral neurotoxicity resulting from treatment with platinum and taxanes, and nephrotoxicity due to cisplatin can result
in treatment delays, dose modifications, and in severe cases, discontinuation of treatment. 

15 

The
identification of gene mutations in lung cancer has led to the development of molecularly targeted therapy to improve the survival of
subsets of patients with metastatic disease. In particular, genetic abnormalities in EGFR , MAPK , and PI3K signaling
pathways in subsets of NSCLC may define mechanisms of drug sensitivity and primary or acquired resistance to tyrosine kinase inhibitors
(TKIs). To date, approximately 21 TKIs have been approved for use in treating NSCLC with identified tyrosine kinase (TK) mutations; the
TKs targeted by these inhibitors include EGFR, ALK, ROS1, BRAF/MEK, RET, and MET. If patients are found to have specific TK mutations
to which inhibitors are known to respond, treatment with such TKIs is currently standard-of-care for this population of advanced NSCLC.
Most tumors will respond to initial treatment with TKIs, exhibiting tumor shrinking or delayed progression. Unfortunately, most patients
will eventually develop resistance to the inhibitory effects of initial used inhibitors. Therefore, second- or third-line therapy often
involves treatment with alternate inhibitors targeting the same kinase but with differing mutations. Such treatment again is often initially
successful, but further kinase mutations, or mutations arising in different kinases, often leads to relapse and the need to switch to
alternative treatment schemes. This next therapy usually involves chemotherapy (often carboplatin plus pemetrexed), sometimes used in
combination with immunotherapy, or enrollment in clinical trials testing new treatment approaches. 

We
believe it is important to pursue the development of novel therapies and combinations thereof that can substantially improve patient
survival and quality of life by potentiating the antitumor activity of chemotherapy treatment while protecting against chemotherapy-induced
toxicity. 

Market
Opportunity 

Most
never-smoker patients with lung cancer are women, and adenocarcinoma is the most common type. Non-smoker patients with non-small-cell
lung cancer NSCLC generally have a better response to inhibitors of epidermal-growth-factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine
kinase, including without limitation gefitinib and erlotinib, than do those with a history of tobacco smoking. Studies have identified
differences in chromosomal aberrations, genetic polymorphisms, gene mutations, and methylation status between lung cancer in non-smokers
and tobacco-associated lung cancer. These clinical and biological differences suggest that the two cancers have overlapping but unique
pathways of carcinogenesis. The EGFR mutation is one of the most important genetic change in lung cancer in people who have never smoked
because it is more common in lung cancer in never-smokers than in tobacco associated lung cancer and is associated with greater therapeutic
benefit from inhibitors of EGFR. Other alterations associated with never-smokers include mutations, fusions or amplifications in ALK,
ROS1, RET and MET genes. Based upon published articles in CA: Cancer Journal for Clinicians and Nature Review Cancer, incidence in never-smokers
is 10 to 15 of all lung cancers and globally, NSCLC in never-smokers comprises 15 to 20 of cases in men and greater than 50 in women.
In Asia, never-smokers with NSCLC are 60 to 80 women and 20 to 40 men. 

We
are focused on advancing LP-300 as a potential combination therapy for never smoking NSCLC patients with adenocarcinoma by leveraging
our A.I. platform to help uncover the genomic and biomarker networks that are associated with response in the never-smoker and non-smoker
groups. Additionally, through our early, preclinical work to define a gene signature that correlates with heightened sensitivity to LP-300,
we believe there is potential to further expand the indication to include all NSCLC patients that have this identified genetic profile
in their cancer. Currently there is no approved therapy specifically for the growing indication of never-smokers with NSCLC, and female
never smokers appear to be uniquely responsive to LP-300. If successful, LP-300 could provide improved patient benefit in terms of improved
survival, and secondarily through the concurrent prevention and mitigation of common and serious chemotherapy-induced toxicities. 

16 

Prior
Completed Trials of LP-300 

Phase
I . LP-300 has been evaluated in five Phase I studies (DMS10001, BioNumerik, 09/1997 through 04/2004; DMS10002, BioNumerik, 12/1997
through 08/2001; DMS12209, ASKA Pharmaceutical, 04/2000 through 12/2001; DMS10011, BioNumerik, 02/2006 through 07/2006; and DMS12307,
Baxter, 07/2002 through 07/2005) to determine the maximum tolerated dose MTD ), and to evaluate the safety, tolerability,
pharmacokinetics, and potential efficacy of LP-300 (alone or in combination with cisplatin, cisplatin/paclitaxel, or carboplatin/paclitaxel).
An MTD for LP-300 was not reached in any of the Phase I studies at dose levels of up to 41 g/m 2 . 

Phase
II. In a U.S. multi-center, randomized, open-label trial (n=160 patients) with advanced (Stage IIIB and IV) NSCLC treated with LP-300
or no LP-300 (DMS22210/CALGB 30303, Cancer and Leukemia Group B, 08/2004 through 03/2007), although the overall population did not meet
the pre-specified primary endpoint, an analysis of a subgroup of patients with adenocarcinoma revealed that the difference in the median
overall survival period between the 2 treatment groups was statistically significant (LP-300 = 15.6 months, no LP-300 = 8.9 months; Log-rank
p=0.0326), and the median overall survival for patients who received LP-300 was 6.7 months longer than that of those who did not receive
LP-300. 

Phase
III. LP-300 has been evaluated in five Phase III studies: two in patients with metastatic breast cancer, with a primary endpoint
examining the ability to reduce platinum/taxane induced peripheral neuropathy, and three in patients with NSCLC or advanced primary lung
adenocarcinoma. (DMS32205R, ASKA Pharmaceutical, 08/2005 through 02/2008; DMS30203R, BioNumerik, 09/2001 through 10/2006; DMS30204R,
ASKA Pharmaceutical, 04/2003 through 03/2006; DMS32206R, Baxter, 10/2002 through 04/2006; and DMS32212R, BioNumerik, 04/2010 through
06/2013) Although the overall population did not meet the pre-specified primary endpoints in any of the trials, analysis of subgroups
of patients in one multi-country lung adenocarcinoma trial and one Japanese NSCLC trial revealed differences in the median overall survival
between the two treatment arms (with or without LP-300 treatment). The results from the two key lung cancer trials obtained from retrospective
analyses are described below: 

Multi-country,
 double-blind, randomized, multi-center placebo-controlled trial (n=540 patients) with advanced primary lung adenocarcinoma
 treated with LP-300 or Placebo paclitaxel or docetaxel with cisplatin (DMS32212R). (the Phase III NSCLC adenocarcinoma trial) 

Treatment
 with LP-300 nearly doubled the Overall Survival in women receiving paclitaxel/cisplatin (25.0-month median OS in LP-300 arm vs. 13.2-month
 OS in control arm) and the results in this subgroup were statistically significant (P-value = 0.0477; HR = 0.579) 

For
 never smoking women with adenocarcinoma of the lung receiving paclitaxel/cisplatin, the Overall Survival in the LP-300 arm was more
 than double the control arm (27.0 months vs. 13.4 months, respectively) also being statistically significant in favor of LP-300 (P-value
 = 0.0167; HR = 0.367) and the 2-year survival was 72.4 in the LP-300 arm vs. 32.3 in the control arm. 

Statistically
 significant subgroup analyses and trends from this LP-300 Phase III NSCLC adenocarcinoma trial support repositioning LP-300 for non-
 or never smokers with adenocarcinoma of the lung. 

Randomized,
 double-blind, placebo-controlled and multi-center trial in patients with advanced NSCLC receiving paclitaxel cisplatin (Japan
 Trial) (DMS32205R). The Japan Trial observations support and complement observations in the multi-country Phase III NSCLC adenocarcinoma
 trial. The observations for the female adenocarcinoma patient population in the LP-300 multi-country Phase III NSCLC adenocarcinoma
 trial are consistent with observations made for the subgroup of females with adenocarcinoma of the lung receiving paclitaxel/cisplatin
 and LP-300 or placebo in the Japan Trial. Although the overall population in the Japanese trial did not meet the pre-specified primary
 endpoint, a retrospective analysis of the subgroup consisting of female patients with adenocarcinoma revealed that the difference
 in the median overall survival period between the two treatment arms in this subgroup was significant (P-value = 0.0456, HR = 0.376). 

17 

The
LP-300 arm of the multi-country Phase III NSCLC adenocarcinoma trial also demonstrated safety profile advantages in terms of the potential
to protect against chemotherapy-induced kidney toxicity and chemotherapy-induced anemia. These observations complemented earlier clinical
observations regarding LP-300 s potential to protect against neuropathy and other chemotherapy-induced toxicities. Results from
these trials indicate that treatment with LP-300 may, in further clinical testing, lead to improved survival in female and non- or never
smoking patients with primary adenocarcinoma of the lung receiving cisplatin/paclitaxel combination chemotherapy. 

Phase
II and III LP-300 Adverse Events Summary 

The
following summarizes adverse events reported from a total of 1,712 patients enrolled in five randomized multi-center phase II and phase
III studies with chemotherapy, with or without LP-300. A total of 1,712 patients were enrolled in these studies, of which 856 patients
received LP-300 with chemotherapy. 

All
 Adverse Events (AEs) . The most frequently-occurring adverse events in patients receiving LP-300 with chemotherapy were generally
 similar to patients receiving placebo or chemotherapy alone. These events included blood and lymphatic system disorders (myelosuppression
 manifested as anemia, leukopenia, lymphopenia, neutropenia, and thrombocytopenia; also including decreased hematocrit, hemoglobin,
 lymphocyte count, neutrophil count, red blood cell count, platelet count, and white blood cell count), with an incidence ranging
 from 12 to 83 ; gastrointestinal disorders including constipation, abdominal pain, diarrhea, nausea, stomatitis, and vomiting, with
 an incidence ranging from 22 to 83 ; general disorders and administrative site conditions including fatigue (ranging from 17 to
 85 ); infusion/injection site pain/reactions (ranging from 12 to 18 ); malaise (ranging from 16 to 28 ); peripheral edema (ranging
 from 13 to 22 ); pyrexia (ranging from 10 to 17 ); infections and infestations disorders including nasopharyngitis (ranging from
 11 to 16 ); investigations including increased liver function tests including ALT, AST, and alkaline phosphatase (ranging from approximately
 10 to 55 ); increased blood lactate dehydrogenase (ranging from approximately 17 to 26 ); increased blood urea or blood uric acid
 (ranging from approximately 11 to 32 ); increased gamma-glutamyltransferase (ranging from approximately 23 to 33 ); decreased total
 protein (ranging from approximately 12 to 21 ); metabolic and nutritional disorders including weight decreased (ranging from 15 
 to 22 ), anorexia (ranging from 14 to 82 ), and hypomagnesemia (ranging from 22 to 30 ); musculoskeletal and connective tissue
 disorders including arthralgia, back pain, and myalgia (ranging from 7 to 80 ); nervous system disorders including dysgeusia (ranging
 from 12 to 22 ), headache (ranging from 14 to 17 ), and peripheral neuropathy (motor and sensory ranging from 22 to 86 );
 psychiatric disorders including insomnia (ranging from 12 to 17 ); respiratory, thoracic, and mediastinal disorders including dyspnea
 (ranging from 12 to 40 ); skin and subcutaneous disorders including alopecia (ranging from 33 to 92 ); rash (ranging from 22 to
 29 ); nail disorder/discoloration (10 ); and vascular disorders including angiopathy (ranging from 64 to 69 and flushing (ranging
 from 15 to 39 ). 

Treatment-Related
 Adverse Events. Frequently occurring treatment-related AEs experienced by patients receiving LP-300 with chemotherapy included
 gastrointestinal disorders manifesting as nausea and vomiting (ranging from 12 to 67 , and 12 to 32 , respectively); fatigue (ranging
 from 22 to 82 ); infusion/injection site pain/reactions (ranging from 11 to 18 ); increased ALT (alanine aminotransferase) and
 gamma-glutamyltransferase (ranging from approximately 13 to 18 , and approximately 11 to 12 , respectively); peripheral neuropathy
 (motor and sensory ranging from 14 to 54 ); and vascular disorders including angiopathy (ranging from 60 to 69 ), and flushing
 (ranging from 8 to 11 ). 

18 

Serious
 Adverse Events (SAEs) . 11 to 49 of patients receiving LP-300 with chemotherapy, and 7 to 42 of patients in control groups
 receiving chemotherapy alone experienced SAEs during randomized multicenter studies. Frequently-occurring SAEs in patients receiving
 LP-300 with chemotherapy included pneumonia, hypersensitivity or drug hypersensitivity, dyspnea, pyrexia and dehydration, diarrhea,
 anaphylactic shock or anaphylactic reactions, vomiting, disease progression, infection, bronchospasm, pleural effusion, pulmonary
 embolism, thrombosis, hemolysis, nausea, chills, fatigue, sudden death, neutropenic infection, sepsis, anorexia, neutropenia, febrile
 neutropenia, pneumonitis, rash, and hypotension. Multiple allergic reactions have been reported in clinical trials of LP-300, and
 some of these reactions have been severe. It is possible that patients could experience an allergic reaction that is life-threatening.
 Five reports of grade 3 or 4 hemolysis events with three fatal outcomes were reported in patients receiving LP-300 with chemotherapy
 in a study involving the weekly drug administration schedule. Two events of hemolysis were reported in a study involving drug administration
 every two weeks. No events of hemolysis were reported in studies using the three weeks schedule of administration, which is the administration
 schedule used for the multi-country Phase III NSCLC adenocarcinoma trial. 

Treatment-Related
 Serious Adverse Events. Approximately 7 of patients receiving LP-300 with chemotherapy experienced treatment-related SAEs during
 randomized multicenter studies. The most frequently-occurring treatment-related SAEs experienced by patients receiving LP-300 with
 chemotherapy were hypersensitivity or drug hypersensitivity (five and two patients, respectively) and neutropenia (six patients).
 Other treatment-related SAEs experienced by patients receiving LP-300 with chemotherapy included hemolysis, bronchospasm, febrile
 neutropenia, anemia, nausea, and pulmonary edema (three patients, each); chills, diarrhea, pyrexia, neutropenic infection, hyperglycemia,
 acute respiratory distress syndrome, pulmonary embolism, sudden death, infection, and rash (two patients, each); and angina pectoris,
 cardiac arrest, tachycardia, sudden hearing loss, abdominal pain, vomiting, adverse drug reaction, anaphylactic shock, C. difficile
 colitis, pneumonia, sepsis, chemical cystitis, thrombosis in device, dehydration, leukopenia, anorexia, atrial fibrillation,
 fatigue, weight decrease, muscle disorder, pain in extremity, dizziness, peripheral sensory neuropathy, dyspnea, hypotension, and
 thrombosis (one patient, each). 

Clinical
Evidence of Toxicity Protection by LP-300 

The
data from randomized multicenter studies of LP-300 and chemotherapy demonstrates objective evidence of several instances where treatment
with LP-300 appears to provide potential benefit in terms of preventing and mitigating chemotherapy-induced toxicities, particularly
in studies of LP-300 and chemotherapy in patients with advanced NSCLC. These data support that LP-300 has the potential to protect against
chemotherapy-induced toxicities, including gastrointestinal, renal, electrolyte disturbances, and anemia; and there is data supporting
the potential for LP-300 to protect against severe forms of these toxicities. In addition, treatment with LP-300 may protect against
severe platinum-induced hearing loss and dehydration. 

LP-300
Mechanism of Action 

LP-300
is a water-soluble disulfide compound that lacks a free thiol or sulfate moiety. We postulate this unique structure of LP-300 may allow
it to potentiate antitumor activity of certain types of cytotoxic chemotherapy, and exert chemoprotective effects, through distinct and
interrelated mechanisms. In plasma, the lack of a free thiol prevents untoward reactivity and drug-drug interactions, and thereby may
allow chemotherapeutic agents to retain their efficacy. Once inside the tumor cell, LP-300 is metabolized and may then potentiate antitumor
activity of cytotoxic certain types of chemotherapy. A significant fraction of LP-300 is taken up by the kidneys, where LP-300 s
metabolites can interact with chemotherapy drugs, such as cisplatin, and potentially diminish the chemotherapy drug s ability to
cause organ damage. We believe the postulated mechanisms that can enhance tumor directed chemosensitivity include restoration of apoptotic
sensitivity thereby countering drug resistance; oxidative stress enhancement; anti-angiogenesis; decreased DNA synthesis and gene expression;
and decreased glutathione and precursors (limiting glutathione tumor-mediated drug resistance). When LP-300 accumulates in the kidneys
it appears to reduce the toxicity of certain drugs, such as cisplatin, that are excreted through the renal system. 

19 

As
depicted in the model below, we believe LP-300 and its metabolites can modulate key components of the thioredoxin and glutaredoxin systems,
which are believed to be involved as major mechanisms of the potentially enhanced antitumor effects of LP-300 with chemotherapy. The
thioredoxin pathway is commonly upregulated in adenocarcinomas, and examination of primary lung tumors from non-smokers have shown significantly
increased gene expression of thioredoxin. Overexpression of thioredoxin in cancer cells has been postulated to lead to resistance to
apoptosis, increased cellular proliferation, increased gene expression, increased angiogenesis, increased conversion of DNA into RNA,
and resistance to oxidative stress induction. We believe the modulation of thioredoxin expression is important for the observed increases
in patient survival identified in retrospective analyses of certain subgroups of patients with primary adenocarcinoma of the lung receiving
LP-300 in conjunction with cisplatin and paclitaxel chemotherapy. Different glutaredoxin transcript variants have been found to be elevated
in transformed cells, and glutaredoxin isoforms (e.g., variants of glutaredoxin 2) have been found to be elevated in NSCLC cell lines,
lending evidence for potential roles of glutaredoxin in tumor progression. 

We
believe LP-300 and its metabolites may potentiate the antitumor activity of chemotherapy by: 

(1)
shifting the redox balance and concentrations of reduced forms of thioredoxin and glutaredoxin to inactive oxidized forms of thioredoxin
and glutaredoxin, thereby restoring apoptotic sensitivity, increasing sensitivity to oxidative stress, inhibiting cell growth and angiogenesis,
RNA to DNA synthesis, and growth signaling, and 

(2)
forming thioredoxin or glutaredoxin adducts, which as inactive forms lead to thioredoxin- and glutaredoxin-mediated reduction of downstream
targets in the cell that are important for tumor resistance to chemotherapy, angiogenesis and cell growth. 

20 

Working
Model for LP-300 Mechanism of Action 

We
believe that LP-300 may potentiate antitumor activity of certain types of cytotoxic chemotherapy, and exert chemoprotective effects through
several distinct and interrelated mechanisms of action. LP-300 is a cysteine-modifying agent that appears to modulate multiple cellular
pathways simultaneously. Experimental data indicate that LP-300 modifies and/or modulates the following key pathways: 

Kinases
 involved in key signaling pathways (EGFR, ALK, ROS, MET) 

Enzymes
 critical for DNA synthesis and repair (ERCC1, RNR1, RNR2) 

Enzymes
 and proteins important in regulating cell redox status (TRX, PRX, GRX, PDI) 

21 

The
following key mechanisms have been observed to support our belief that LP-300 has potential to play an important role in the treatment
of females and never smokers with NSCLC adenocarcinoma. We believe these mechanisms help to explain the retrospective subgroup observations
for females and never smokers receiving LP-300 together with cisplatin and paclitaxel in the Phase III NSCLC adenocarcinoma trial: 

LP-300
 targets cysteine residues . Computational and experimental data indicate that LP-300 demonstrates specificity towards cysteines.
 LP-300-mediated xenobiotic modulation of protein targets on cysteine results in distinct, (multi)target-specific effects correlated
 to the role of the cysteine residue(s) in the target. 

LP-300
 alone inhibits human ALK and stimulates the inhibitory effect of crizotinib on human ALK . Alterations in ALK, along with MET,
 ROS1 PDGFRA are thought to underlie nearly 10 of NSCLC adenocarcinoma cancers. Liquid Chromatography (LC), Mass Spectrometry
 (MS) and X-ray structural data demonstrate that LP-300 covalently modifies human ALK on Cys1156 and Cys1235. Enzyme assay data demonstrates
 that LP-300 inhibits human ALK s kinase activity and stimulates the inhibitory effect of crizotinib on human ALK s kinase
 activity. 

LP-300
 inhibits human MET kinase activity and stimulates Staurosporine inhibition of human MET kinase activity . Mesenchymal Epithelial
 Transition Factor Kinase (MET) kinase mutations and amplification are an important, specific subset of NSCLC adenocarcinoma. Enzyme
 assays demonstrate that LP-300 inhibits human MET kinase activity and stimulates the inhibitory activity of staurosporine on human
 MET kinase. 

LP-300
 inhibits EGFR kinase activity . EGFR mutations are an important, specific subset of NSCLC adenocarcinoma, particularly in non-smoker
 females. Enzyme assays demonstrate that LP-300 inhibits EGFR kinase activity and potentiates the inhibitory effect of eErlotinib
 on wild type as well as mutant EGFR kinase activity. 

LP-300
 modestly inhibits retinal rod outer segment kinase (ROS1) activity . ROS1 chromosomal rearrangements are a recently identified
 class of mutations in NSCLC. Estimates of frequency of ROS1 rearrangements range from 1 to 2 . Experimental data are as follows: 

Enzyme
 activity data demonstrates that LP-300 has an effect on Human ROS1 activity when ROS1 is preincubated with LP-300. We hypothesize
 that pre-incubation allows slower reacting cysteine residues to be modulated by LP-300. 

Based
 on modeling studies, the cysteines on ROS1 appeared to be in less optimal orientations compared to cysteines in ALK. 

LP-300
 appears not to impact ROS1 activity unless ROS1 and LP-300 are pre-incubated prior to kinase assays. Therefore, to see an effect
 in vivo , it may be necessary to administer LP-300 prior to LP-300 s effects on ROS1 through preincubation of ROS1 and
 LP-300, suggesting slower xenobiotic modulation reactions. However, there are several possible explanations for the LP-300 effect
 on ROS1 and in the absence of an X-ray structure this remains a hypothesis. 

LP-300
 modifies Ribonucleotide Reductase 1 and 2 (RNR1 and RNR2). Selective, elevated expression of the RNR1 subunit is associated with
 gemcitabine resistance in NSCLC. RNR1/RNR2 are essential for DNA synthesis, DNA repair cell proliferation. RNR1/2 catalyzes
 the formation of deoxyribonucleotides needed for DNA synthesis, from ribonucleotides. 

LP-300
 targets proteins that may result in protection against chemotherapy-induced nephrotoxicity and neuropathy . The LP-300 derivative-cisplatin/paclitaxel
 conjugate is inactive and this conjugate is not a substrate for aminopeptidase/ -Glutamyl-transpeptidase (APN/GGT). These LP-300
 heteroconjugates appear to cause potent inhibition of APN/GGT leading to suppression/bypass of renal APN/GGT xenobiotic metabolism
 pathways promoting protection against chemotherapy-induced nephrotoxicity. In addition, binding of the LP-300 derivative with reactive
 cisplatin/paclitaxel species, appears to inactivate the platinum-catalyzed microtubule hyper-polymerization. This action may serve
 to protect against chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy. 

LP-300
 modulates protein function in a way that may promote chemosensitization . LP-300 appears to promote covalent oxidation of redox
 proteins Thioredoxin (TRX), Peroxiredoxin1 (PRX1) and Glutaredoxin (GRX). This action may keep these redox proteins in an inactive
 non-signaling state, which could enhance sensitivity to oxidative stress and apoptosis induced by concomitant chemotherapy. 

22 

Using
various in vitro experimental approaches, LP-300 has been observed to form adducts on cysteines of various protein targets such
as those listed below. For several of these targets, studies evaluating enzyme activity associated with the targets have demonstrated
inhibition, modulation or impairment of such activity. In addition, X-ray crystallographic studies support LP-300 derived adducts at
specific cysteines on these proteins. 

Targeted
Proteins Modified by LP-300 

Cellular
 Target of LP-300 
 
 Cellular
 consequence of LP-300-modification and/or modulation 
 
 Cellular
 thiol/disulfide balance 
 
 LP-300
 and LP-300-derived mesna disulfide heteroconjugates are pharmacological surrogate/modulators of physiological thiols and disulfides
 (e.g., glutathione, cysteine, and homocysteine). 
 
 Gamma-Glutamyltranspeptidase
 Aminopeptidase N 
 
 LP-300
 and LP-300-derived mesna disulfide heteroconjugates can inhibit gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase and aminopeptidase N enzyme activity. 
 
 Tubulin 
 
 LP-300
 exerts direct and indirect protective interactions with tubulin. 
 
 Anaplastic
 Lymphoma Kinase (ALK) 
 
 LP-300
 disrupts/blocks ATP binding site resulting in inhibition of ALK kinase activity (vide infra). 
 
 Mesenchymal
 Epithelial Transition (MET) Factor Kinase 
 
 Modification
 of non-active site cysteine(s) resulting in enzyme inhibition (MET). 
 
 ROS1
 kinase 
 
 LP-300
 xenobiotically modifies ROS1 kinase in a time dependent manner. 
 
 Redox
 Balance 
 
 LP-300
 and LP-300-derived mesna disulfide heteroconjugates assist in the maintenance of cellular redox balance and support cellular defenses
 against oxidative insult. 
 
 Thioredoxin
 (Trx) Glutaredoxin (Grx) 
 
 LP-300
 modifies non-catalytic cysteines important in redox protein function/structure (Grx and Trx). 
 
 Thioredoxin
 (Trx) Glutaredoxin (Grx) 
 
 LP-300
 and/or LP-300-derived mesna disulfide heteroconjugates function as alternative substrates/inhibitors (Trx, Grx) resulting in impaired
 enzyme activity. 
 
 Peroxiredoxin
 (Prx) 
 
 LP-300
 disrupts active site structure (Prx) resulting in impaired enzyme activity. 

Mechanistic
evaluation of LP-300 revealed that it has cysteine-modifying activity on select Receptor Tyrosine Kinases (RTKs) initiating proliferative
signaling such as ALK, EGFR, MET and ROS1. LP-300 may also serve as a potential chemosensitizer for certain combination chemotherapies
by inactivating proteins such as Thioredoxin (TRX), Glutaredoxin (GRX) and Peroxiredoxin (PRX) that are important in modulating cellular
redox status and in turn drug resistance. Higher levels of PRX gene expression have been shown to correlate significantly with the absence
of smoking history and with the female gender. 

We
believe well-tolerated profile advantages of LP-300 are imparted through its chemoprotective action via production of inactive LP-300-chemotherapeutic
conjugates and preventing toxic taxane/platinum metabolites in the kidney, and targeting toxicity-inducing molecules and pathways (e.g.
APN, GGT, and Tubulin). 

Our
RADR Platform s Approach to LP-300 Repositioning 

Our
RADR platform has been implemented with the objective of uncovering insights from LP-300 rescued preclinical data as
well as from lung cancer clinical trial data regarding actionable bioinformatics, biomarkers, target population demographics and smoking
history. Differential expression analyses of RNAseq data on LP-300 pre- and post-exposure in selected NSCLC cell lines has revealed gene
sets that could be upregulated and downregulated in response to LP-300 treatments involving the mapping of genes performing cellular
redox functions, kinases involved in proliferating signaling, and apoptotic markers. We are currently in the early stages of defining
a specific biomarker signature that correlates with heightened sensitivity to LP-300. We believe that this signature may help accelerate
the clinical development of LP-300 and has the potential to guide patient selection for targeted clinical trials. We are also developing
a list of approved cancer drugs that, when used in combination with LP-300, may have potential to improve the overall benefit to patients
through either potentially greater anticancer properties or improved tolerability. We believe identifying such combinations would be
attractive to established pharmaceutical and biotech companies. 

23 

Acquisition
of Tavocept (LP-300) Rights from BioNumerik 

In
January 2018, we entered into an Assignment Agreement (the Assignment Agreement with BioNumerik Pharmaceuticals, Inc. BioNumerik ), pursuant to which we acquired rights to domestic and international patents, trademarks and related technology
and data relating to LP-300 for human therapeutic treatment indications. Mr. Margrave, our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, formerly
served as the President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary of BioNumerik and has a minority ownership interest
in BioNumerik. The Assignment Agreement replaced a License Agreement that was entered into between us and BioNumerik in May 2016. We
made upfront payments totaling 25,000 in connection with entry into the Assignment Agreement. 

If
we commercialize LP-300 internally, we will be required to pay to the BioNumerik-related payment recipients designated in the Assignment
Agreement a percentage royalty in the low double digits of cumulative net revenue up to 100 million, with incremental increases in the
percentage royalty for net cumulative revenue between 100 million and 250 million, 250 million and 500 million, and 500 million
and 1 billion, with a percentage royalty payment that could exceed 200 million for net cumulative revenue in excess of 1 billion.
In addition, we have the right to first recover certain designated portions of patent costs and development and regulatory costs before
the payment of royalties described above. We are obligated to make royalty payments under the Assignment Agreement during the Agreement
Term that started on January 5, 2018 and continues (on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis) until the later
to occur of (i) five (5) years after the expiration of the last to expire Patent Rights, as defined in the Assignment Agreement, in an
applicable country in the Territory, as defined in the Assignment Agreement, and (ii) if no Patent Rights exist in such country, fifteen
(15) years after May 31, 2016. 

If
we enter into a third party transaction for LP-300, we are required to pay the BioNumerik-related payment recipients a specified percentage
of any upfront, milestone, and royalty amounts received by us from the transaction, after first recovering specified direct costs incurred
by us for the development of LP-300 that are not otherwise reimbursed from such third party transaction. In addition, the Assignment
Agreement provides that we will use commercially diligent efforts to develop LP-300 and make specified regulatory filings and pay specified
development and regulatory costs related to LP-300. The Assignment Agreement also provides that we will provide TriviumVet DAC TriviumVet with (i) specified data and information generated by us with respect to LP-300, and (ii) an exclusive license to use specified LP-300-related
patent rights, trademark rights and related intellectual property to support LP-300 development in non-human (animal) treatment indications.
Under the Assignment Agreement, we are required to pay all patent costs on covered patents related to LP-300. These patent costs are
fully recoverable at the time of any net revenue from LP-300, with up to 50 of net revenue amounts to be applied towards repayment of
patent costs until such costs are fully recovered. In addition to the recovery of patent costs, we have the right to recover the 25,000
upfront payments made in connection with entry into the Assignment Agreement, which payments are recoverable prior to making any royalty
or third-party transaction sharing payments. We also have the right to recover all previously incurred LP-300 development and regulatory
costs, with up to a mid-single digit percentage of net revenue amounts to be applied towards repayment of development and regulatory
costs until such costs are fully recovered. 

24 

LP-184 

General
Overview 

LP-184
(hydroxyureamethylacylfulvene) is a small molecule that preferentially damages DNA in cancer cells that overexpress certain biomarkers
or that harbor mutations in DNA repair pathways. LP-184 is converted into an active alkylating agent by the enzyme prostaglandin reductase
1 (PTGR1), which is overexpressed in many tumor types that are resistant to current standard of care treatments. The FDA has granted
LP-184 Orphan Drug Designation for the treatment of pancreatic cancer, glioblastoma and ATRT A typical T eratoid R habdoid
 T umors). We believe cancer cells are less likely to develop resistance to LP-184 because of its mode of action that is independent
of efflux pumps and oncogene/tumor suppressor mutations. We also believe that LP-184 has the potential to address a significant unmet
need in the current treatment landscape for multiple important cancer types. 

LP-184
has nanomolar potency and it is a member of a new generation of acylfulvenes, a family of naturally-derived anticancer drug candidates.
Earlier generations of acylfulvenes showed great promise in preclinical studies, but were hampered in human clinical studies because
of the inability to deliver effective therapeutic doses due to unacceptable toxicities to normal cells. In preclinical studies, LP-184
has shown significantly enhanced antitumor activity as compared to earlier generation acylfulvenes. In addition, we have used our RADR 
 platform, together with work of collaborators, to develop a patient-specific biomarker test we believe will be predictive of LP-184 s
anticancer activity in targeted patient populations. The chemical structure of LP-184 is depicted below. 

LP-184
Chemical Structure 

Starlight
Therapeutics Inc. and STAR-001 

In
January 2023, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary, Starlight Therapeutics Inc. Starlight ), to develop drug candidate LP-184 s
central nervous system (CNS) and brain cancer indications including glioblastoma (GBM), brain metastases (brain mets.), and several
rare pediatric CNS cancers. Following the formation of Starlight, we will refer to the molecule LP-184, as it is developed in CNS indications,
as STAR-001 . 

Planned
Phase I Clinical Trial for LP-184 

We are advancing LP-184 towards a Phase I clinical trial in patients with
late-stage solid tumors, including pancreatic, breast, lung, bladder, prostate, and ovarian cancers. For the dose escalation portion of
the study, in addition to the primary objective of determining the MTD (maximum tolerated dose)/MAD (maximum administered dose) and the
recommended dose range for LP-184, secondary objectives include correlation with expression of the gene PTGR1 (Prostaglandin Reductase
1) and correlations with mutations in DNA damage repair pathway genes. We expect to include up to 40 patients in the Phase 1A portion
of the study from multiple clinical sites. For the Phase 1A (dose escalation safety) portion of the study, all-comer solid tumor patients
are expected to be included. 

25 

Upon
completion of enrollment in Phase IA and analysis of patient safety, PK, and therapeutic data, we, together with the clinical investigators
participating in the study, will review the study data package to determine the recommended dose to be used in further clinical testing
of LP-184. 

LP-184
Development Opportunities 

STAR-001
in Glioblastoma and other CNS Cancers Starlight Therapeutics Inc. 

Glioblastoma
is an aggressive type of cancer that begins in the brain and accounts for more than half of all brain cancers. Glioblastoma has an overall
five-year survival rate of 5 , meaning that only approximately 5 in 100 people survive GBM for five years and beyond. We believe that
STAR-001 s molecular features and distinct mechanism of action, anti-tumor efficacy and strong correlation with specific biomarkers
have the potential to provide a unique and powerful approach aimed at addressing high unmet needs in GBM and other aggressive CNS tumors. 

Data
and observations supporting the development of STAR-001 for GBM and other brain cancers include the following: 

We
 have obtained favorable preclinical in vivo and in vitro data supporting the ability of STAR-001 to cross the blood brain barrier. 

STAR-001
 treatment induced tumor regression evidenced by greater than 106 tumor growth inhibition in two subcutaneous xenograft models of
 GBM (U87 and M1123). STAR-001 also prolonged survival in mice bearing an intracranially implanted tumor model of GBM (U87), as compared
 with those that did not receive any drug substance. 

Intravenous
 administration of STAR-001 over two cycles reduced subcutaneous xenograft tumor volume in mice by greater than 85 within the treatment
 group. 

In
 an orthotopic GBM xenograft tumor model in mice, a single cycle of STAR-001 resulted in a statistically significant (p have identified, in clinical databases, GBMs with elevated PTGR1 expression and harboring defects
 in DNA damage repair components as a targeted subset of genetically defined patients who could potentially benefit from STAR-001-based
 therapy. 

Preclinical
 data supports the observation that STAR-001 can be an effective treatment in GBM regardless of MGMT (a DNA repair enzyme) status
 of the cancer. This has significant potential to provide a much-needed alternative to the standard-of-care drug, temozolomide (TMZ),
 especially in GBMs that over-express MGMT which can be up to 50 of GBM cancers. 

In
 August 2021, the FDA granted STAR-001 Orphan Drug Designation for the treatment of GBM and other malignant gliomas. 

26 

The
standard treatment for glioblastoma includes radiation and chemotherapy with temozolomide. Based on an article in the journal Genes and
Diseases Temozolomide resistance in glioblastoma multiforme , Genes Dis., 2016 May 11;3(3):198-210) and other publications, at
least fifty percent of temozolomide treated patients do not respond to this treatment, and others often form resistance to temozolomide
based regimens. We have obtained preclinical data supporting the observation that STAR-001 can be an effective treatment in GBM regardless
of the MGMT (a DNA repair enzyme) status of the cancer. This has significant potential to provide a much-needed alternative to the standard-of-care
drug, temozolomide (TMZ), especially in GBMs that over-express MGMT which can be up to 50 of GBM cancers. Patients that have
GBMs that over-express MGMT are generally unresponsive to TMZ and need new therapy options that can exploit other molecular pathways
and mechanisms. 

We
believe STAR-001 s ability to cross the blood-brain barrier, together with its anti-tumor efficacy and sensitivity correlations
with relevant biomarkers, highlight STAR-001 s potential for use as both monotherapy as well as a synergistic agent in combination
with other drugs to address the unmet needs in GBM and other aggressive central nervous system tumors. 

STAR-001
in ATRT and Pediatric Rare Disease Designation 

ATRTs A typical T eratoid R habdoid T umors) are rare neurological tumors that primarily affect children under the
age of three. These clinically aggressive tumors are associated with a very poor prognosis, including a median survival of 6-12 months
and a 5 year survival rate of 30 . The National Cancer Institute (NCI) estimates that in the U.S. there are 600 living ATRT patients
with 60 new patients diagnosed annually. These tumors are typically pathogenetically driven by loss of function of the SMARCB1 or SMARCA4
genes. We believe that STAR-001 s molecular features and distinct mechanism of action, observed preclinical anti-tumor efficacy
and correlation with specific biomarkers have the potential to provide a unique and powerful approach aimed at addressing unmet needs
for this ultrarare pediatric cancer. We plan to pursue further preclinical studies of STAR-001 in this indication. 

Data
and Observations supporting the development of STAR-001 for ATRT include the following: 

We
 have obtained favorable preclinical in vivo and in vitro data supporting the ability of STAR-001 to cross the blood brain barrier. 

STAR-001
 was observed to have a potent efficacy in ATRT cell lines CHLA-02, CHLA-05, and CHLA-06 with IC50s (nM) of 1776, 162, and 37.4, respectively. 

In
 ATRT xenograft tumor models in mice, i.v. injections of STAR-001 at either 2 mg/kg or 4 mg/kg had high in vivo efficacy. At both
 concentrations xenografts showed complete tumor regression compared to the vehicle control group. 

Preclinical
 in vivo and in vitro data supports the in-silico observation that STAR-001 can be an effective treatment for ATRT. Currently, there
 is no standard of care for treatment of children with ATRT. 

STAR-001
 has been granted Orphan Drug Designation and Rare Pediatric Disease Designation to treat ATRT. 

The
FDA grants rare pediatric disease designation for serious and life-threatening diseases that primarily affect children ages 18 years
or younger and fewer than 200,000 people in the United States. The Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher Program is intended
to address the challenges that drug companies face when developing treatments for these unique patient populations. Under this program,
companies are eligible to receive a priority review voucher following approval of a product with rare pediatric disease designation if
the marketing application submitted for the product satisfies certain conditions, including approval prior to September 30, 2026 unless
changed by legislation. If issued, a sponsor may redeem a priority review voucher for priority review of a subsequent marketing application
for a different product candidate, or the priority review voucher could be sold or transferred to another sponsor. 

27 

LP-184
in Pancreatic Cancer 

Pancreatic
cancer is the 4th leading cause of cancer death in the U.S. Despite rigorous highly cytotoxic therapies and a few approved targeted therapies,
typical life expectancy for advanced pancreatic cancer remains below 1 year, leaving a large number of patients with no additional treatment
options. LP-184 has demonstrated significant potency in multiple preclinical studies focused on pancreatic cancer, and we are positioning
LP-184 for areas of high unmet need in genetically targeted pancreatic cancers. 

Data
and observations supporting the development of LP-184 for pancreatic cancer include the following: 

We
 believe LP-184 acts by selectively damaging DNA in tumors that express high levels of the enzyme PTGR1 which occurs in several
 solid tumors. Analysis with our data platform, RADR , indicates that 35-40 of pancreatic tumors overexpress PTGR1. 

Preclinical
 studies have shown significant and targeted anti-tumor effects of LP-184, even in pancreatic cancers that are resistant to standard-of-care
 drugs. 

Pancreatic
 tumors with DNA-damage repair deficiencies were significantly more sensitive (by two times) to LP-184 in preclinical studies. This
 and other observations support LP-184 s potential as a synthetic lethal agent in many HRD (homologous recombination deficient)
 and NERD (nucleotide excision repair deficient) cancers. 

LP-184,
 demonstrated significant and rapid pancreatic tumor shrinkage, by over 90 , in in-vivo mouse models in 8 weeks. In comparison,
 the tumors in the untreated mice grew by over eleven-fold in volume during the same 8 week period. 

Additional
 positive preclinical data on the efficacy and potency of LP-184 was gathered from 6 pancreatic cancer cell lines, and an additional
 5 patient-derived xenograft (PDX) ex-vivo tumor models. Significant reduction of cancer cells and cancer cell growth was observed
 across all pancreatic cancer cell lines and PDX models that were tested in the study with IC50 values in the nanomolar range (45-270
 nM). 

Our
 A.I. based identification of the key gene in the drug mechanism-of-action for LP-184 was validated by leveraging gene-editing (CRISPR)
 technology to validate PTGR1 as a fundamental driver of tumor sensitivity and cancer cell death. 

LP-184
 treatment of 2 PDX models for HR deficient pancreatic cancer in preclinical studies resulted in 110-140 tumor growth inhibition. 

In
 August 2021, the FDA granted LP-184 Orphan Drug Designation for the treatment of pancreatic cancer. 

28 

Additional
LP-184 Background 

We
have evaluated LP-184 in a number of solid tumors that overexpress certain biomarkers that have been identified as correlating with potential
response to LP-184. Our analysis indicates that LP-184 is expected to be a pro-drug activated by the enzyme Prostaglandin Reductase 1 PTGR1 ). We believe LP-184 s mechanism of action is to alkylate DNA and protein macromolecules, form adducts, and
arrest cells in the S-phase of the cell cycle. 

Using
our RADR platform, we have derived a 10-gene signature composed of candidate biomarkers determining sensitivity to LP-184.
Genes from this signature, such as PTGR1, were found to be implicated in the potential induction of bioactivation of LP-184. We believe
LP-184 may be well positioned as a new drug candidate for individual patient genetic profiles identified as having DNA repair complex
deficiencies or other commonly prevalent gene signatures. LP-184 displayed less bone marrow toxicity in preclinical studies (dog and
mouse), had an improved pharmacokinetic profile (increased bioavailability as reflected by increased AUC), was stable in plasma, and
had an increased shelf life or stability in pharmaceutical grade material (sterile glass containers) for its class of compounds. LP-184
retained selective cytotoxicity towards solid tumor derived cell lines in vitro . 

We
believe LP-184 is a non-hormone, next generation alkylating agent with nanomolar potency that preferentially damages DNA in cancer cells
that overexpress certain biomarkers indicated primarily in solid tumors such as those in prostate, pancreatic and ovarian cancers. LP-184
was developed using combinatorial chemistry approaches. Based on screening against conventional therapies both in vitro and in
vivo , LP-184 cytotoxicity appears to be mediated through the Transcription Coupled Nucleotide Excision Repair (TC-NER) pathway, via
alkylation of DNA leading to cell cycle arrest in S phase. Additional cytotoxic effects on tumors may include the generation of reactive
oxygen species, chemical modification of various intracellular proteins, and induction of the Mitogen Activated Protein Kinase MAPK pathway followed by apoptosis. A proposed model for the mechanism of action of LP-184 is illustrated below. 

Working
Model for LP-148 Mechanism of Action 

Our
RADR platform has identified multiple solid tumor cancer indications that highly express PTGR1, including prostate, ovarian,
kidney, liver, lung, pancreatic and thyroid cancers. Our RADR platform has and will be employed to correlate results
from ongoing preclinical studies with gene expression data with the aim of determining the likely anticancer activity of LP-184 in these
cancer indications. With the assistance of insights from RADR , we have also conducted studies in patient derived xenografts
(PDX) models to further elucidate precise targets and potential patient groups for future LP-184 clinical trials. 

29 

Use of RADR 
in LP-184 Development 

Using
our RADR platform, we matched LP-184 drug response data in cell lines and in ex vivo PDX models with gene expression
from matched RNA-seq experiments in over 100 samples to build models that predict LP-184 response using a small number of gene expression
values. (See Figure A below) The machine learning model was able to accurately predict LP-184 response. (See Figure B below) The final
model required only 10 genes - as opposed to the entire transcriptome - to make predictions, with PTGR1 making a dominant contribution.
This suggests PTGR1 is required for activity or has a strong effect to enhance drug sensitivity. (See Figure C below) 

To
test this hypothesis, PTGR1 was knocked down with a CRISPR-interference construct that ablated PTGR1 expression, and consequently,
LP-184 sensitivity was lost. (See Figure C below) Because the LP-184 model can predict drug response with any RNA data, we surveyed public
RNA-seq data to support targeted cancer indications of interest for LP-184. (See Figure D below) 

We
observed that Atypical Teratoid Rhabdoid Tumor (ATRT) was predicted to be highly responsive to LP-184, and the presence of its characteristic
SWI/SNF-complex mutations in SMARCB1 or SMARCA4 were associated with lower predicted IC50 values. (See Figure E below) We
performed mouse xenografts with an ATRT line and validated extreme responsivity to LP-184 that was previously predicted by RADR. This
demonstrates RADR ability to make valid drug response model predictions based on gene expression, which can be used
to optimize drug positioning, uncover drug mechanism-of-action, and discover relevant biomarkers. 

Disease
Background for Pancreatic Cancer, Glioblastoma, Atypical Teratoid Rhabdoid Tumors (ATRT), and Prostate Cancer 

Initial
target patient populations for LP-184 include pancreatic cancer, glioblastoma, atypical teratoid rhabdoid tumors (ATRT) and prostate
cancer. 

Pancreatic
Cancer 

Pancreatic
cancer is the fourth leading cause of cancer deaths in the United States with a five-year survival rate of 11.5 and a 10-year survival
rate of just 1 . This means that only approximately 12 in 100 people will have survived for five years and beyond. Pancreatic cancer
has among the lowest 5-year survival rate of any of the 22 common cancers. Global Cancer Statistics 2020 estimates that for pancreatic
cancer there are approximately 495,773 new cases of pancreatic cancer globally. 

The
American Cancer Society s estimates for pancreatic cancer in the United States for 2023 are: 

About
 64,050 people (33,130 men and 30,920 women) will be diagnosed with pancreatic cancer; and 

About
 50,550 people (26,620 men and 23,930 women) will die of pancreatic cancer. 

Targeting
a specific subset of pancreatic cancer patients that are genetically defined has the potential to increase beneficial therapeutic options
for patients and may ultimately improve survival for those with this cancer. 

30 

Glioblastoma 

Glioblastoma
is a fast-growing, aggressive type of CNS (Central Nervous System) tumor that forms on the supportive tissue of the brain. Glioblastoma
is the most common high grade glioma (HGG). The American Cancer Society estimates that approximately 24,810 malignant tumors of the brain
or spinal cord (14,280 in males and 10,530 in females) will occur in the U.S. in 2023. It also estimates that in 2023, approximately
18,990 deaths will occur from brain and other nervous system cancers. Approximately 250,000 new glioblastoma cases are estimated to occur
each year worldwide, with approximately 11,000 to 13,000 new glioblastoma cases estimated to occur each year in the U.S. Glioblastomas
usually affect adults. Treating glioblastoma is very difficult due to the brain-blood barrier and treatment often focuses primarily on
relieving symptoms. 

ATRT 

Atypical
Teratoid Rhabdoid Tumors (ATRT) are rare, rapidly progressing, and malignant pediatric tumors of the central nervous system and are primarily
found in children under the age of three. The National Cancer Institute estimates there are 60 cases of ATRT diagnosed per year and 600
patients currently living with ATRTs, of which only 25 are in adults 15 years or older. Patients with ATRTs have a very poor prognosis
including a median survival of 6-12 months and a 5 year survival rate of approximately 32 . ATRTs are difficult to treat due to the very
rapid onset of these tumors as well as a requirement for therapies that can penetrate the blood-brain barrier. The U.S. is expected to
capture the majority share of the ATRT market with ~65 . 

Prostate
Cancer 

Prostate
cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in men in the US and the second leading cause of cancer-related death in men in the US.
The American Cancer Society s estimates for prostate cancer in the United States for 2023 are: 

Approximately
 288,300 new cases of prostate cancer 

Approximately
 34,700 deaths from prostate cancer 

Approximately
50 of patients who die from prostate cancer have metastases at diagnosis. The survival gains over the last decade have been modest with
acceleration in life-extending drug development occurring in the last three years. Hormonal therapy works to reduce testosterone levels
in the body to a level equal to that seen if physical castration were to occur. However, hormonal therapy can become refractory after
one to three years and tumor growth may resume. This is referred to as Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer CRPC ). About
10 - 20 of prostate cancer patients develop CRPC within five years. Typically, standard hormonal therapy involving Androgen Deprivation
Therapy (ADT) was prescribed in the past for all comer patients. Current prescribed regimens involve intensified therapy for most patients
(docetaxel for high volume disease, and Zytiga for low and high volume disease) whereas upcoming molecularly selected agents in addition
to hormonal therapy are used in an individualized approach to metastasis-directed or local therapy. Standard of care agents for prostate
cancer include without limitation (i) Androgen production suppressors, such as Leuprolide (Lupron, Eligard), Goserelin (Zoladex), Triptorelin
(Trelstar), Histrelin (Vantas), Abiraterone (Zytiga), (ii) Androgen signaling blockers, such as Flutamide (Eulexin), Bicalutamide (Casodex),
Nilutamide (Nilandron), and Enzalutamide (Xtandi), and (iii) chemotherapeutics such as docetaxel and cabazitaxel. In 2022 Pluvicto (active
ingredient lutetium Lu 177 vipivotide tetraxetan) was approved by FDA for the treatment of prostate-specific membrane antigen (PSMA)
positive mCRPC. Drug classes of new small molecules in development include PARP inhibitors, PI3K inhibitors and DNA Damage Repair (DDR)
inhibitors. The PARP inhibitors olaparib (Lynparza) and rucaparib (Rubraca) and the PD1 inhibitor pembrolizumab (Keytruda) have been
approved by the FDA for a subset of the patient population. The identification and characterization of new molecular targets, agents
exploiting new or non-parallel mechanisms of action, and the discovery of predictive biomarkers for mCRPC, are three of the major unmet
needs in the prostate cancer space in the era of precision medicine that we believe LP-184 may address. 

31 

Market
Opportunity for LP-184 

We
are targeting a set of indications for LP-184 based on combining the factors of predicted response, unmet clinical need and market opportunity.
These include pancreatic cancer, glioblastoma, prostate cancer, and ATRTs. Below is an overview of relevant patient numbers and estimated
market sizes of some of the indications that we believe LP-184 may potentially address, if approved, based upon published estimates by
the Global Cancer Observatory and other published sources: 

Pancreatic cancer 
 Global 
 (2020) 
 US (2023) 
 
 Pancreatic cancer cases 
 495,773 
 64,050 
 
 Advanced pancreatic cancer cases (65 of all pancreatic cancer) 
 322,252 
 41,633 
 
 85 of advanced pancreatic cases are treated in 1 st line setting 
 273,915 
 35,388 
 
 60 of advanced pancreatic cases treated in 1 st line are treated in 2 nd line 
 164,349 
 21,233 
 
 30 of advanced pancreatic cases treated 2 nd line are treated in 3 rd line 
 49,305 
 6,370 
 
 Potential patient percentage in initial targeted segment 
 9.9 
 9.9 

Glioblastoma 
 Global 
 US 
 
 Total glioblastoma (GBM) estimated incidence 
 250,000 
 13,000 
 
 Number of newly diagnosed GBM patients treated (treatment rate 76.6 
 191,500 
 9,958 
 
 Number of newly diagnosed MGMT unmethylated GBM patients 
 126,390 
 6,572 
 
 Potential patient percentage in initial targeted segment 
 50.5 
 50.5 
 
 Recurrent patients treated in 1 st line (69 newly diagnosed patients received 1L) 
 132,135 
 6,826 
 
 Recurrent patients progressing to 2L treatment (70.3 recurred patients receive 2L) 
 92,890 
 4,798 

Prostate cancer 
 Global 
 (2020) 
 US (2023) 
 
 Total prostate cancer estimated incidence (new cases) 
 1,414,000 
 288,300 
 
 CRPC incidence, ~20 of all prostate cancer 
 282,800 
 57,660 
 
 Metastatic CRPC incidence, ~80 of newly diagnosed CRPC 
 226,240 
 46,128 
 
 Potential patient percentage in initial targeted segment 
 16 
 16 

Strategic
Academic Collaborations for LP-184 

We
are or have been involved in the following academic collaborations for LP-184: 

The
 Research Institute of Fox Chase Cancer Center FCCC . Our ongoing collaboration with FCCC has yielded results that
 strongly link LP-184 efficacy to the expression of PTGR1. PTGR1 was identified by our RADR analysis as the lead gene candidate, the
 expression of which is essential to LP-184 mediated cytotoxicity. Using CRISPR engineered cells, we have now demonstrated a total
 lack of activity in tumor cell lines where PTGR1 expression is artificially knocked out. These data continue to support our RADR
 based predictions and the strategies of using LP-184 for tumor indications based upon PTGR1 expression. Our RADR analysis has identified
 a multitude of tumors with a higher than required threshold of PTGR1 expression. We have further validated the activity of LP-184
 in a panel of pancreatic cancer cell lines. We have also conducted studies to evaluate the efficacy of LP-184 in pancreatic cancer
 PDX models and in xenografts. Additional wet lab studies are ongoing to further validate RADR defined combinations with standard
 of care drugs in order to identify optimal synergistic drugs that could be eventually used in potential treatments with LP-184. 

32 

Kennedy
Krieger Institute and the Johns Hopkins Sidney Kimmel Comprehensive Cancer Center. We have an ongoing collaboration with Kennedy
Krieger Institute and investigators at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine. We sought this collaboration following multiple unique findings
regarding LP-184, including: the preclinical efficacy of LP-184 in glioblastoma (GBM); a positive result suggesting the ability of LP-184
to penetrate the Blood Brain Barrier, in amounts similar to the GBM standard of care agent Temozolomide (TMZ); and LP-184 s special
ability to kill GBM cells irrespective of the methylation status of MGMT promoter. We believe there is an urgent unmet need for an effective
therapy to treat GBM with unmethylated MGMT. Both wet lab data and RADR based gene correlations highlighted sensitivity of tumor cells
that carry unmethylated MGMT to LP-184. We have obtained additional data in an expanded panel of GBM tumor cell lines, neurospheres obtained
from patient biopsies and evaluation of LP-184 in GBM xenografts. Results from this collaboration continue to support the promise of
LP-184 for GBM. 

Georgetown
 University . In the first phase of our collaboration with Georgetown University, we confirmed the
 efficacy of LP-184 in a panel of prostate cancer organoid models. In the second phase, we are focusing on wet lab validation of the
 leads generated by our A.I. models of the gene dependency of most sensitive prostate cancers. This project is intended to provide
 necessary experimental data for use of LP-184 in a personalized medicine approach to treating prostate cancer. Our gene correlation
 data has highlighted the deficiency of several pathways that hypothetically would allow LP-184 to be synthetically lethal in tumors
 with such disruptions. Our RADR analysis also indicates that as many as 20 of prostate cancers carry markers that will make these
 tumors highly sensitive to LP1-84. In Phase 2 or our collaboration with Georgetown, we have focused on the development of gene specific
 isogenic engineered prostate cancer cell lines to dissect the pathways as well as extend the 2D and 3D prostate cancer studies to
 in vivo genomically defined prostate cancer PDXs. In addition, we have designed studies that will test LP-184 in combination with
 several other drugs that are known to inhibit pathways needed to repair damage to DNA caused by LP-184. The advantage of combining
 our DNA damaging agent along with a DNA damage repair inhibitor is that it is expected to substantially extend the tumor specific
 efficacy of LP-184, including prostate cancers that might otherwise not carry deficiencies in the DNA repair pathway. We expect that
 the drug sensitivity data and genomic data from these studies will further guide optimal positioning of LP-184. 

The
 Danish Cancer Society-Research Center. In January of 2022 we entered a new research collaboration with the Danish Cancer Society
 Research Center (DCRC). The collaboration is directed to examining the most common solid tumors in order to determine the patient populations
 most likely to benefit from our drug candidates LP-100 (irofulven) and LP-184. LP-100 and LP-184 have both been shown to have a synthetically
 lethal impact in tumors that are lacking nucleotide excision repair (NER) capabilities. An additional aim of this collaboration is
 to develop improved diagnostic tools to detect NER deficient patient profiles more accurately. Initially, the collaboration is focusing
 focus on the role of NER deficiency in breast, ovarian, prostate, lung, kidney, bladder, stomach, pancreatic, and esophageal cancers.
 We expect the data, genomic signatures, and biological models generated from the collaboration to add millions of data points to
 RADR . 

The
 Greehey Children s Cancer Research Institute (GCCRI) at the University of Texas Health Science Center-San Antonio . In February
 2022, we announced a research collaboration with the Greehey Children s Cancer Research Institute (GCCRI) at the University
 of Texas Health Science Center-San Antonio. The GCCRI research collaboration is focusing on the effectiveness of LP-184 and LP-284
 in genomically-defined pediatric cancers, including several without any effective therapeutic approach. The collaboration is
 leveraging GCCRI s pediatric tumor research models and knowledge base to advance LP-184 for the potential treatment of rare pediatric
 cancers including rhabdomyosarcoma, Ewing sarcoma, MRT (malignant rhabdoid tumor), Wilms tumor, and ATRT (atypical teratoid rhabdoid
 tumor). Dr. Peter Houghton Ph.D. is leading the collaboration for the GCCRI and is widely regarded as leading expert on pediatric
 cancer research and in the development of novel approaches to treating childhood cancers. An integral component of Dr. Houghton s
 research success has been the development and use of Patient-Derived Xenografts (PDX), which are clinically relevant cancer models
 that allow researchers to test novel therapeutics - such as LP-184 - in-vivo, and to directly study how tumors respond to treatment. 

Clinical
 Trials and Research Innovation Center in Northern Ireland . In 2019, we initiated a collaboration with the Clinical Trials and
 Research Innovation Center in Northern Ireland C-TRIC on a novel preclinical ex-vivo study focused on determining
 gene signatures correlated with LP-184 anticancer activity in human fresh prostate tumor tissue biopsies. This study was paused due
 to the COVID-19 pandemic, including the impracticality of international travel and the reprioritization of projects due to the
 pandemic. We are collaborating with other studies in the U.S. and over the next several months 
 will be evaluating the recommencement of the study with C-TRIC. 

33 

Pre-IND Enabling Animal Studies 

We
have conducted IND enabling studies in rats and Beagle dogs to provide supporting information regarding safety profile and selection
of the starting dose in humans in connection with the planned IND application for LP-184. These studies included (i) non-GLP dose range
finding in rats, (ii) GLP analysis of toxicity in rats, (iii) non-GLP dose range finding in dogs, (iv) GLP analysis of toxicity in dogs,
(v) analytical method development for the determination of LP-184 levels in rat and dog plasma, (vi) analytical method validation, and
(vii) pharmacokinetic profiling of LP-184 in the plasma of dosed rats and dogs. 

LP-284 

LP-284
Chemical Structure 

General Overview 

LP-284
is a novel small molecule and DNA damaging agent being developed by Lantern for the treatment of several non-Hodgkin s lymphomas
(NHL) including mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) and double hit lymphoma (DHL). LP-284 belongs
to the new generation of acylfulvenes, a family of naturally derived anti-cancer drug candidates and is the stereoisomer (enantiomer)
of our drug candidate LP-184. In comparison to our other acylfulvenes, LP-100 and LP-184, LP-284 has distinct anti-tumor activities in
a variety of hematological cancers including lymphoma, multiple myeloma, and leukemia. LP-284 has the potential to be developed as a monotherapy
or combination therapy with other drugs to treat a broad array of hematological cancers. The FDA recently granted LP-284 Orphan Drug Designation
for the treatment of mantle cell lymphoma, based on LP-284 s demonstrated anti-tumor activity across a comprehensive number of in
vitro and in vivo models of MCL. 

34 

In
preclinical studies, LP-284 has shown nanomolar potency in several hematological cell lines. Of the hematological cell lines tested,
LP-284 had the highest potency against all 6 of the mantle cell lymphoma cell lines tested. LP-284 is also being explored for use as
a combination therapy with spironolactone. In the multiple myeloma cell line RPMI8226, combination of 10 m M 
spironolactone with LP-284 significantly reduced LP-284 s IC50 by 2.4 fold. The absence of ataxia telangiectasia mutated (ATM)
function in these lymphomas and the need for new agents in the setting of relapsed refractory mantle cell lymphomas support the
development of LP-284 in this indication. 

Additional data from in
vitro and in vivo studies supports LP-284 s development for MCL, an
aggressive form of B-cell non-Hodgkin s lymphoma (NHL) with immediate patient needs. LP-284 treatment was demonstrated to have
significantly greater tumor growth inhibition (TGI) in mice implanted with MCL cell derived xenograft (CDX) tumors, when compared to
treatment with the standard-of-care (SOC) agents Ibrutinib or Bortezomib. The figure below describes results from LP-284 in-vitro and in-vivo preclinical studies for MCL and
other B-cell Non-Hodgkin s lymphomas. 

35 

Planned Phase I Clinical Trial for LP-284 

We are advancing LP-284 towards a Phase I clinical
trial in patients with relapsed refractory lymphomas. In addition to determination of the recommended dose range for future Phase 1B and
Phase 2 studies, we will also evaluate clinical activity correlations with mutations in DNA damage repair pathway genes. We expect to
include up to 30 patients in the dose escalation portion of the LP-284 Phase I trial, with the involvement of multiple clinical sites. 

Disease Background for Mantle Cell Lymphoma 

Mantle
Cell Lymphoma (MCL) is a rare, heterogenous and aggressive subtype of B-cell Non-Hodgkin s Lymphoma (NHL). MCL is a blood cancer of the
lymph nodes and tumor cells originating from the mantle zone of the lymph node and is characterized by constitutively dysregulated
 cyclin D1 CCND1) expression. MCL is usually diagnosed at an advanced stage when it is largely considered incurable. 

Nearly all MCL patients relapse
from the MCL standard-of-care agents Bortezomib and Ibrutinib and there is an urgent and unmet need for novel improved therapeutic options
for these patients. According to Leukemia and Lymphoma society about 4,200 new cases of MCL are
diagnosed in the United States annually, representing approximately 6 of all NHL patients. 

LP-100 

General
Overview 

LP-100
or 6-Hydroxymethylacylfulvene (or irofulven) exploits cancer cells deficiency in DNA repair mechanisms. We believe LP-100 has
the potential to be an important compound either as monotherapy or in combination for several challenging cancers that
are impacting patients globally. 

We
recently announced data for LP-100 supporting the development of LP-100 in combination with the class of anticancer agents known as
PARP inhibitors (PARPi). In prostate cancer mouse xenograft studies, LP-100 demonstrated synergistic potency when used in
combination with the FDA-approved PARP inhibitor Olaparib. LP-100 also demonstrated synergy with the FDA-approved PARP inhibitors
Olaparib, Rucaparib, and Niraparib in ovarian cancer cell line studies. The observations from these studies are further supported by
in-silico evaluation of LP-100 in combination with PARP inhibitors using Lantern s RADR platform. We believe
this development focus will enhance the potential to position LP-100 in earlier lines of therapy, while also opening the door to
pursue treatment indications with larger market sizes. 

LP-100
has previously been in a genomic signature guided phase 2 clinical trial in Denmark for patients with metastatic castration resistant
prostate cancer (mCRPC). 9 patients (out of a targeted enrollment of 27) were treated in the trial. The median overall survival (OS)
for the initial group of 9 patients was approximately 12.5 months, which is an improvement over other similar fourth-line treatment regimens
for mCRPC. Based on our evaluation of the synergies of LP-100 with PARP inhibitors, the decision has been made to close the phase 2 clinical
trial in Denmark, to allow the focus of LP-100-directed resources on positioning the molecule for development in earlier lines of therapy
with potentially larger market opportunities. Earlier line treatment indications where we believe LP-100 in combination with PARPi could
have potential future treatment benefits include prostate cancer indications such as HRR gene-mutated metastatic castration-resistant
prostate cancer, ovarian cancer indications such as first line platinum-responsive advanced ovarian cancer, and breast cancer indications
such as germline BRCA -mutated metastatic breast cancer. 

LP-100
and PARP inhibitors act by complementary mechanisms. LP-100 acts by a synthetically lethal mechanism of action that preferentially damages
DNA in cancer cells lacking nucleotide excision repair (NER) capabilities. PARP inhibitors have been shown to be effective in the treatment
of tumors with deficiencies in homologous recombination repair (HR). We believe the simultaneous exploitation of both these mechanisms
will enhance the development opportunities for LP-100, while also expanding potential market opportunities for existing PARP inhibitors. 

In
July 2021, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement to reacquire global development and commercialization rights for LP-100 from Allarity
Therapeutics A/S, which previously managed the current Phase 2 trial for LP-100. As a result of the Asset Purchase Agreement, we obtained
full authority to manage and guide future clinical development and commercialization of LP-100. 

In
conjunction with our evaluation work on LP-100 with PARP inhibitors, we have been collaborating with the Danish Cancer Society Research
Center (DCSRC) to explore the future clinical potential of LP-100 across 9 different solid tumor types that have known deficiencies
in DNA repair pathway mechanisms. This work has included examination of the role of NER deficiency in breast, ovarian, prostate, lung,
kidney, bladder, stomach, pancreatic, and esophageal cancers, with the aim of identifying the most promising patient populations for
future LP-100 therapy. 

History
of LP-100 

LP-100
shows multiple cytotoxic effects on tumor cell biology such as DNA adduct formation, RNA polymerase stalling and redox protein modification.
It demonstrates enhanced sensitivity in DNA repair deficient (e.g. ERCC3 mutant or knockout) in vitro and in vivo models.
In historical testing, clinical antitumor activity for LP-100 was observed in approximately 10-12 of patients with multidrug resistant
advanced prostate cancer with notable resolution of bone metastases. 

36 

LP-100
belongs to the family of compounds and small molecular entities (molecular weight in vitro and in vivo antitumor activity and potentially improved selectivity for tumor cells versus normal cells. The compound
Illudin S was found to be highly cytotoxic against cancer cells, but demonstrated a poor therapeutic index. Better understanding of the
mechanism of action led to the development of a novel family of semisynthetic antitumor agents, or next-generation acylfulvenes such
as 6-hydroxymethylacylfulvene, now designated as LP-100. LP-100 is a semisynthetic derivative of Illudin S, one of a series of sesquiterpene
natural products (Illudins) isolated from the Lantern mushroom Omphalotus illudens . LP-100 was selected for further study based
on its potential to demonstrate promising antitumor activity while maintaining a more favorable therapeutic index, compared to previously
studied Illudins. The chemical structure of LP-100 is depicted below. 

LP-100
Chemical Structure 

Mechanism
of Action 

LP-100
leads to rapid inhibition of DNA synthesis and induction of DNA damage. LP-100 is a monofunctional covalent DNA binder that inhibits
DNA synthesis and replication, affects cell cycle and induces apoptosis. DNA repair of LP-100-induced lesions is mediated by components
of the transcription-coupled nucleotide excision repair (TC-NER) pathway. LP-100 produces damage to DNA that can only be repaired by
the TC-NER pathway. The DNA damage is unique, as two enzymes, RNA Polymerase III and Topoisomerase I (Topo 1), associated with the TC-NER
are displaced leading to irreversible inactivation of the repair pathway. Other conventional DNA damaging chemotherapeutic agents, such
as cisplatin, etoposide, doxorubicin and others, produce general damage that can be repaired by the Global Genome Nucleotide Excision
Repair (GG-NER) pathway. Tumor cells often develop multidrug resistance (MDR) making them impossible to kill using conventional drugs.
LP-100 appears to retain activity against MDR tumor cells regardless of the mechanism of resistance and tumor cells appear less likely
to become resistant to LP-100. Killing of MDR tumor cells by LP-100 reflects its unique mechanism of disrupting the TC-NER pathway. Cell-based
studies have demonstrated selective cytotoxicity of LP-100 towards a variety of solid tumor cell lines. The tumor cells cannot recover
from this damage, undergo S-phase arrest, and then irreversibly initiate both caspase-dependent and independent apoptosis pathways.
LP-100 produces DNA damage and induces apoptotic DNA fragmentation in several tumor cell lines. Normal diploid cells, in contrast, do
not normally need repair by the TC-NER pathway unless exposed to UV light. Treatment of mouse xenografts of human tumors with LP-100
results in tumor shrinkage. Synergistic or additive activity is observed when LP-100 is combined with various traditional anticancer
agents. 

37 

LP-100
Clinical Profile 

Clinical
studies of LP-100 have been conducted in multiple solid tumor indications including prostate, ovarian, colorectal, pancreatic, thyroid,
lung, breast and gastric cancers. More than 38 Phase I or Phase II trials involving > 1,300 patients have been conducted with LP-100.
In prior clinical trials, LP-100 showed activity and produced regression in a variety of cancers, but failed to meet required endpoints
for clinical trial success. Objective responses were reported for LP-100 single agent therapy in drug-resistant prostate (hormone and
taxotere refractory), ovarian (platinum resistant), pancreatic, sarcoma, kidney, endometrial, and lung cancers. LP-100 also showed cancer
treating potential when administered in combination with a variety of conventional chemotherapeutics including Camptosar, GemZar, Taxotere,
Xeloda, Cisplatin, and Oxaliplatin. In a study of patients who failed prior conventional therapies, two rounds of LP-100 therapy led
to rapid resolution of ovarian cancer metastasis. In a randomized Phase IIb study of patients with metastatic hormone refractory taxotere-resistant
prostate cancer, LP-100 was compared to mitoxantrone. A total of 138 patients were enrolled and specified endpoints included overall
survival, response rate, and safety assessment. The median one-year survival increased from 22 in the mitoxantrone-treated control group
to 41 in the LP-100-treated group. Median overall survival was 10.1 months for treatment arm (LP-100 + Prednisone) and 7.4 months for
control arm (Mitoxantrone + Prednisone), i.e. a 37 increase over standard of care. Treatment was well-tolerated in all arms. The most
frequent Grade 3 4 toxicities (as of patients in treatment/control arms) were asthenia (8 /0 ), and vomiting (4 /0 ). Grade 3 4
hematological events included neutropenia (22 /61 and thrombocytopenia (23 /4 ).In 2001, LP-100 received FDA s fast track status
and a Phase III international clinical trial for LP-100 in refractory pancreatic patients was started. Clinical trials looked promising
in shrinking tumors of drug-resistant pancreatic cancer. However, MGI Pharma stopped the Phase III clinical trial because it was unlikely
for the trial to reach its objective due to a greater than expected survival benefit associated with the comparator agent (5-FU). In
2005, Phase II clinical trial results of LP-100 in women with recurrent and heavily pre-treated ovarian cancer revealed retinal toxicity.
This retinal damage was associated with dose and administration of drug. 

AF
Chemicals 

In
January 2015, the Company entered into a Technology License Agreement to exclusively license domestic and international patent rights
from AF Chemicals, LLC AF Chemicals for the treatment of cancer in humans for the compounds LP-100 (Irofulven) and LP-184.
In February 2016, the Company and AF Chemicals entered into an Addendum (the Addendum providing for additions and amendments
to the Technology License Agreement. In December 2020, the Company and AF Chemicals entered into a Second Addendum (the Second
Addendum providing for further additions and amendments to the Technology License Agreement. The Technology License Agreement,
Addendum and Second Addendum are collectively referred to as the AFC License Agreement . 

Pursuant
to the Second Addendum, the Company made specified payments to AF Chemicals during the three months ended March 31, 2021. The Second
Addendum also provides that, from December 30, 2020 until January 15, 2025, the Company will have no obligation to pay annual licensing
fees, development diligence extension payments, or patent maintenance fee payments to AFC under the AFC License Agreement. 

As
part of the Second Addendum, the Company has agreed to apply for specified orphan drug designations for LP-184 in the US and EU. The
Second Addendum also amends and clarifies other provisions of the Technology License Agreement, and provides the Company with the ability
to recover a portion of initial payments made under the Second Addendum from sublicense fees or royalty payments that may be made to
AFC by the Company or third parties prior to January 15, 2025. 

38 

In
addition, the Company is obligated to make milestone payments to AF Chemicals at the time of an Investigational New Drug Application IND filing relating to LP-184 and other analogs, such as LP-284, and also upon reaching additional specified milestones
in connection with the development and potential marketing approval of LP-184 and LP-284 in the United States, specified countries in
Europe, and other countries. 

The
AFC License Agreement also provides that the Company will pay AF Chemicals a royalty of at least a very small single digit percentage
of specified net sales of LP-184 and other analogs, such as LP-284. In addition, the AFC License Agreement contains specified time requirements
for the Company to file an IND, enroll patients in clinical trials, and file a potential NDA with respect to LP-184 or other analogs,
with the ability for the Company to pay AF Chemicals additional amounts ranging up to an amount in the low hundreds of thousands of dollars
for each one, two, three and four year extension to such development time requirements, with additional extensions beyond four years
to be negotiated by the Company and AF Chemicals. 

Pursuant
to the Second Addendum, no additional payments of annual licensing fees or development diligence extension payments are required to be
made by the Company until January 15, 2025, at which time these obligations will resume. The Company will also be obligated to make annual
licensing fee payments to AF Chemicals relating to LP-100 beginning January 15, 2025, as described below under Allarity Therapeutics. 

In
the event of a sublicense of the rights to LP-184, LP-284 or other analogs, the Company is obligated to pay AF Chemicals (a) a low double
digit percentage of the gross income and fees received by the Company with respect to the United States in connection with such sublicense,
and (b) a lower double digit percentage of the gross income and fees received by the Company with respect to Europe and Japan in connection
with such sublicense. 

The
amounts to be paid to AF Chemicals with respect to LP-100 under the AFC License Agreement are in many ways similar to the amounts to
be paid with respect to LP-184 as described above. In addition, the AFC License Agreement contains specified time requirements for the
Company to enroll patients in clinical trials, and file a potential NDA with respect to LP-100. Extension fees may be paid by the Company
to AF Chemicals from time to time related to these requirements. Pursuant to the Second Addendum with AF Chemicals, no additional payments
of annual licensing fees or development diligence extension payments are required to be made by the Company with respect to LP-100 until
January 15, 2025, at which time these obligations will resume. 

Allarity
Therapeutics 

In
May 2015, the Company licensed various rights to LP-100 to Oncology Venture (now known as Allarity Therapeutics) pursuant to a Drug License
and Development Agreement. In February 2016, the Company and Allarity Therapeutics entered into an addendum and an amendment providing
for additions and amendments to the Drug License and Development Agreement. In connection with the Drug License and Development Agreement,
as amended (collectively, the Allarity License and Development Agreement ), Allarity Therapeutics agreed to directly pay
to AF Chemicals on behalf of the Company certain amounts to satisfy the Company s milestone obligations to AF Chemicals with respect
to LP-100 under the AFC License Agreement. Amounts paid by Allarity Therapeutics to AF Chemicals on behalf of the Company would then
be deducted from amounts owed by Allarity Therapeutics to the Company. 

On
July 23, 2021, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement to reacquire global development and commercialization rights for
Irofulven (LP-100) from Allarity. The transaction included global rights to LP-100, as well as the developed clinical protocol for an
intended study in bladder and prostate cancer patients who have a mutation in the ERCC2/3 genes. As a result of this transaction, the
Company obtained full authority to manage and guide future clinical development and commercialization of LP-100. Under the terms of the
Asset Purchase Agreement, the Company paid an initial upfront payment of 1,000,000 to Allarity. The Company determined there was no
planned alternative future use for these assets outside of the clinical development of LP-100 and therefore the full amount of the upfront
payment was included in research and development expense during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company released approximately
 459,000 from escrow to Allarity related to recertification of LP-100 drug stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. Future payments
of up to 500,000 currently held in escrow also have the potential to deliver an additional amount to Allarity based on drug trial enrollment
milestones within the 24 months following the date of the transaction. Allarity is also eligible to receive additional milestone payments
over the life of the program based on IP license milestones and regulatory filings and approvals in the US and EU, and low- to mid-single-digit
royalties on future commercial net sales. As part of the Asset Purchase Agreement, the Allarity License and Development Agreement was
terminated. 

39 

Additional
Portfolio Opportunities 

ADC
Program 

We
initiated an ADC program in early 2021, based on the recognition of antibody drug conjugates as a promising therapeutic approach for
cancer treatment, and one that has growing interest due to the potential to increase targeted cancer cell death. 

We
are currently evaluating various cytotoxic agents and classes of agents to be used as potential ADC payloads. We have also selected and
ranked multiple targeting antibodies of interest with potential to be linked to selected cytotoxic payloads. Our upcoming activities
in coming months will be targeted at further evaluation, manufacturing and preclinical testing of potential ADC candidates to select
for advancement to Phase I testing. 

ADCs
can provide the ability to take advantage of the high potency of cytotoxic payloads and the superior specificity of antibodies. The drug
antibody conjugate thus provides the potential to maximize efficacy and minimize systemic toxicity. Recent years have seen multiple FDA
approvals in the growing class of ADCs for therapeutic use. This has driven increased deal-making and portfolio additions by large pharma
companies. Two of the four largest oncology licensing transactions in 2020 were for ADC assets. In addition to the acquisition of Immunomedics
by Gilead, Merck acquired Velos Bio in November of 2020 and NBE Therapeutics was acquired by Boehringer Ingelheim in December of 2020.
It is notable that both NBE and Velos, at the time of their acquisition, had just successfully completed Phase 1 trials using their ADC
approach in specific cancer subtypes. 

In
December 2020, we entered into an Evaluation and Limited Use Agreement (the Evaluation Agreement with Califia Pharma,
Inc. aimed at collaborating on the in vitro and in vivo testing and evaluation of novel Califia linker technology and related payloads
to be conjugated to a Lantern targeting entity. The Evaluation Agreement expired on December 31, 2021 and we determined not to extend
it. 

Additional
Research and Development Collaborations for Our Drug Candidates 

Virtually
all of our developmental work is expected to be performed in contract labs in the near future, and most of it requires close collaboration
with these groups. Our strategic collaborations have specialized focus areas tailored to advancing our pipeline drug candidates and provide
expertise benefits. 

Collaborator 
 
 Focus
 Area 
 
 Drug
 Candidate 
 
 National
 Cancer Institute (NCI) 
 
 Gene
 signature development and drug sensitivity prediction 
 
 LP-184,
 LP-284 
 
 Georgetown
 University 
 
 Evaluation
 of drug efficacy and sensitivity in prostate and pancreatic cancer organoid models and engineered pancreatic cancer cell lines 
 
 LP-184 
 
 Fox
 Chase Cancer Center (FCCC) 
 
 Determination
 of drug efficacy in PDX tumor models 
 
 LP-184 
 
 Kennedy
 Krieger Institute and the Johns Hopkins Sidney Kimmel Comprehensive Cancer Center 
 
 Evaluation
 of efficacy of LP-184 in glioblastoma (GBM). 
 
 LP-184 
 
 Danish
 Cancer Society Research Center 
 
 Examine
 and develop genomic signatures of TCNER deficiency that have potential to correlate with sensitivity to LP-100 and LP-184 in solid
 tumors 
 
 LP-100,
 LP-184 
 
 Greehey
 Children s Cancer Research Institute-UT Health San Antonio 
 
 Evaluation
 of drug efficacy in pediatric tumor models 
 
 LP-184,
 LP-284 

40 

Manufacturing
Overview 

We
do not currently own or operate any manufacturing facilities or have any manufacturing employees. We currently rely, and expect to continue
to rely, on third party contract manufacturing organizations CMOs for the manufacturing of our drug candidates for preclinical
uses, clinical trials as well as for commercial manufacturing if our drug candidates receive marketing approval. We require that our
CMOs produce bulk drug substances and finished drug products in accordance with current Good Manufacturing Practices cGMPs and all other applicable laws and regulations. We maintain agreements with our manufacturers that include confidentiality and intellectual
property provisions to protect our proprietary rights related to our drug candidates. We obtain our supplies from these CMOs on a project
by project basis and do not have long-term supply arrangements in place. We do not currently have arrangements in place for redundant
supply. For all of our drug candidates, we intend to identify and qualify additional manufacturers to provide the active pharmaceutical
ingredient and fill-and-finish services prior to seeking regulatory approval. 

LP-184
and LP-284 Manufacturing 

We
have contracted with Southwest Research Institute SwRI for the development of a fully
synthetic route to LP-184 and LP-284, as well as for the cGMP synthesis of LP-184 API material. We have contracted with Shilpa Medicare
Limited and affiliates Shilpa for the synthesis of a key starting material relating to the synthesis of LP-184 under
cGMP as well as for drug product development and cGMP drug product manufacturing of LP-184. In addition, we have contracted with Shilpa
for the cGMP synthesis of LP-284 API material as well as for drug product development and cGMP drug product manufacturing of LP-284. 

LP-300
Manufacturing 

We
have contracted with Patheon API Services, Inc. Patheon and Curia Global, Inc. Curia for the manufacture
and supply of LP-300 cGMP API material. We have contracted with Berkshire Sterile Manufacturing Berkshire and Piramal
Pharma Solutions Piramal for the provision of services relating to cGMP drug product manufacturing of LP-300. 

Commercialization 

We
retain worldwide commercialization rights for our product candidates LP-300, LP-184, LP-284, and LP-100. We plan to continue considering
out-license and collaboration opportunities in order to maximize returns and pursue successful development of our key candidates. We
currently have no sales, marketing or product distribution capabilities. However, once we have key candidates closer to FDA approval,
we may build our own specialty sales force, partner with a larger pharmaceutical organization, or out-license our drug candidates. 

We
are continually evaluating out-license opportunities for our candidates at later stages of development in order to focus on identifying
and licensing additional drug candidates for novel indications and/or patient subpopulations with an oncology focus for expansion of
our pipeline. 

Our
commercial plans and strategy for each particular program may change as our programs advance, the markets change, we receive more clinical
data, and depending on availability of capital. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
have an extensive multi-national portfolio of intellectual property rights directed to our drug candidates, and their targeted use and
development in specific patient populations and in specific therapeutic indications. 

41 

As
of March 1, 2023, we own or control rights in over 80 active patents and patent applications across over 14 patent families whose claims
are directed to our drug candidates and what we plan to do with our drug candidates. We have in-licensed or acquired patents and patent
applications from AF Chemicals, and BioNumerik directed to the compounds, LP-100, LP-184, LP-284 and LP-300, and methods of using the
compounds. Additionally, we have also filed patent applications to further enhance and extend the use of these in-licensed compounds.
Our patents are directed to our drug candidates, their usage, manufacturing, and other matters. These matters are essential to precision
oncology and relate to: (a) data-driven, biologically relevant biomarker signatures, (b) patient selection and stratification approaches
that rely on prediction of response deriving from these signatures and, (c) the ability to develop novel, combination therapy approaches
with existing approved therapeutics. We intend to pursue additional patent coverage relating to the use of LP-300 as a potential linker
or linking technology. 

We
rely on a combination of patents, trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, license agreements, nondisclosure and other contractual provisions
and technical measures to protect our intellectual property rights. Additionally, we also rely on the patent applications, trade secrets,
and other contractual provisions and technical measures to protect the development of our genomic and biomarker signatures that help
us in making predictions about the sensitivity to our drug candidates, our patient stratification approaches, and the development of
potential combination therapies with our drug candidates. 

Intellectual
Property Portfolio by the Numbers 

As
of March 1, 2023, our intellectual property portfolio consisted of over 14 patent families covered by: 

Over
 45 issued patents across our portfolio of compounds in key, commercially important geographies; 

Over
 38 pending patent applications, including six Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) applications; 

as
 well as pending trademark registrations, and trademark applications in Japan, China, Europe, Canada and Australia. 

Our
policy is to protect the proprietary technologies, inventions, and improvements that are commercially important to our business in the
United States, Europe, Japan, Australia and other key jurisdictions important to our business. We fully expect that additional advances
will come out of our ongoing work in developing biomarker signatures and patient stratification approaches and that these advances will
form the basis of additional intellectual property protection through new patent filings, trademarks, trade secrets, and copyrights.
We will continue to file patent applications and use trade secret laws to protect the uses of our genomic and biomarker signatures, response
prediction and patient stratification discoveries. We plan to rely on these intellectual property advances to develop, strengthen, and
maintain our proprietary position for novel therapeutics and novel formulations and uses of existing and new compounds across multiple
therapeutic areas. We also plan to rely on data exclusivity, market exclusivity and patent term extensions when available. 

Patent
Portfolio 

We
have an extensive multi-national portfolio of intellectual property rights directed to our drug candidates, and their targeted use and
development in specific patient populations and in specific therapeutic indications. Our portfolio consists of over 16 patent families
across issued patents and pending patent applications. For LP-100, we own and control two in-licensed patent families, including issued
US Patents, Japan Patents, and various issued EU Patents directed to LP-100. We have also filed over 12 patent applications directed
to our proprietary drug programs together with biomarkers and sensitivity parameters, and four additional patent applications directed
to our RADR platform. These filings include patent applications directed to LP-300 and additional patent applications
directed to new manufacturing methods for novel, synthetic illudins, and gene signatures and biomarker profiles indicating sensitivity
to LP-100, LP-184, LP-284 and novel synthetic illudins. 

Our
 patent family directed to LP-100 has patents that expire in August 2026, and patent applications, if granted, that would expire as
 late as May 2040. 

Our
 patent family directed to LP-184 has patents that expire in August 2026, and patent applications, if granted, that would expire as
 late as May 2040. 

Our
 patent family directed to LP-300 has patents that expire in March 2028, and patent applications, if granted, that would expire as
 late as March 2042. 

42 

We
typically file a non-provisional patent application or a PCT within 12 months of filing the corresponding provisional patent application.
While we intend to timely file non-provisional patent applications relating to our provisional patent applications, we cannot predict
whether any of our existing or future patent applications for our existing or future drug candidates will result in the issuance of patents
that effectively protect these candidates, or if any of our issued patents or if any of our licensor s issued patents will effectively
prevent others from commercializing competitive products. Patent protection for the composition of matter of the LP-300 compound itself
is unavailable because the compound was first identified many years ago. For more information regarding the risks related to our intellectual
property, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property. 

RADR 
 Platform 

We
do not own or in-license any patents on our RADR platform, but we have filed at least four patent applications directed
to our RADR platform and rely on trade secrets and confidential procedures directed to protecting: 

our
 A.I. and machine learning and training methodologies for our specific purposes in oncology drug development and drug rescue, 

our
 curation and normalization of select data from both public and proprietary data sources, and 

our
 developing insights that can be modeled to cover biological processes as algorithms inside our RADR platform. 

LP-100 

Our
portfolio directed to LP-100 consists of at least four families of in-licensed patents that were filed in 2006. The patents include European,
Japanese and US patents. US Patent No. 7655695 relates to acylfulvene analogs that are directed to tumor solid tumor growth inhibition.
The nominal expiration for our patents directed to LP-100 is August 2026 and does not account for any applicable patent term adjustments
or extensions. We have also filed multiple patent applications directed to LP-100 that, if granted, would expire as late as May 2040. 

LP-184
 other Novel, Synthetic Illudin Derivatives 

Our
portfolio directed to LP-184 consists of over ten families of patents and patent applications and includes six PCT applications. US Patent
No. 7655695 relates to acylfulvene analogs that are directed to solid tumor growth inhibition. The patent applications include claims
directed to use of LP-184, synthetic illudin analogs or derivatives to treat glioblastoma or other CNS cancers as either a mono or combination
therapy, to treat rhabdoid tumors, brain cancer, brain metastases, and pancreatic cancer also as either a mono or combination therapy.
The nominal expiration for patents and patent applications directed to LP-184 ranges from 2026 to as late as 2040 and does not account
for any applicable patent term adjustments or extensions. We intend to nationalize our patent applications in the US, Australia, Canada,
EU, China, and Japan. 

We
have in-licensed patents from AF Chemicals related to the composition of matter of LP-184. We have also developed additional intellectual
property for this class of compounds related to the development of novel synthetic routes and the preparation of certain illudin derivatives
having therapeutic value. Additionally, we have filed patent applications on the use of LP-184 and these novel synthetic illudin derivatives
in the treatment of glioblastoma and other CNS cancers. 

43 

LP-284
 other Novel, Synthetic Illudin Derivatives 

Our
portfolio directed to LP-284 consists of three patent and patent application families and includes two provisional patent applications.
US Patent No. 7655695 relates to acylfulvene analogs that are directed to solid tumor growth inhibition. The PCT application filed in
2019 is related to the molecule itself and synthetic preparation methods of the same and has been nationalized in the US, Canada, Brazil,
Mexico, EU, India, China, Japan and Australia. A patent application filed in 2021 is directed to using LP-284 to treat leukemia and blood
cancers as either a mono or combination therapy. 

LP-300 

Our
portfolio directed to LP-300 consists of at least four families of owned patents. A more recent PCT patent application filed in 2020
is directed to treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in nonsmokers and never smoking patients using disodium 2,2 -dithio-bis-ethane
sulfonate (dimensa) and has been nationalized in the US, Canada, Brazil, Mexico, EU, China, Japan and Australia. The nominal expiration
for NSCLC related patents and patent applications directed to LP-300 ranges from 2028 to as late as 2040 and does not account for any
applicable patent term adjustments or extensions. 

We
filed an additional PCT application in March 2020 directed to LP-300 and its application to NSCLC, as well as biomarkers that correlate
to heightened response or sensitivity to LP-300. A recent application is directed to the use of LP-300 as a potential disulfide linker. 

Confidentiality
 Trade Secrecy 

We
enter into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to confidential or patentable aspects of our research
and development output, such as our employees, collaborators, contract research organizations, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors
and other third parties. It is possible, however, that any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose such output before
a patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to seek patent protection. These agreements provide that all confidential
information developed or made known during the course of an individual or entities relationship with us must be kept confidential
during and after the relationship. These agreements also provide that all inventions resulting from work performed for us or relating
to our business and conceived or completed during the period of employment or assignment, as applicable, shall be our exclusive property.
Third parties may also be able to develop substantially equivalent proprietary information, platforms or compounds, or otherwise gain
access to our trade secret 

Trademarks 

We
own various trademarks, applications and unregistered trademarks in the United States and other commercially important markets, including
our company name, our A.I. platform, and certain compounds in development. Our trademark portfolio is designed to protect the brands
for our Company, our A.I. platform and our portfolio of compounds. 

44 

Other
Intellectual Property 

We
believe that our intellectual property rights on the RADR platform are valuable and important to our business. We rely
on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, license agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements,
employee disclosure, and invention assignment agreements, and other legal and contractual rights to establish and protect our proprietary
rights. 

Competition 

We
exist at the intersection of rapidly moving, global industries, namely, the biotechnology industry and the A.I. drug development industry.
This is a unique and rapidly moving category with a variety of business models being developed globally. The pharmaceutical and biotechnology
industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis on intellectual property. A.I.
is disrupting and changing all industries, including the biotechnology industry. Although these are competitive industries, we believe
we are uniquely positioned due to our focus on oncology drug development, prediction of patient response, use of computational biology,
and the ability to both rescue and develop compounds. 

We
face potential competition from many different sources, including major pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions
and governmental agencies, and public and private research institutions. 

Many
of the companies against which we may compete have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development,
manufacturing, preclinical studies, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we
do. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with
large and established companies. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostic industries may result in
even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting
and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical
trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 

Our
commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize medicines that are safer, more effective,
have fewer or less severe side effects, and are more convenient or less expensive than any medicines we may develop. Our competitors
also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their medicines more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result
in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. In addition, our ability to compete
may be affected in many cases by insurers or other third-party payors seeking to encourage the use of generic medicines. 

Any
drug candidates we successfully develop will compete with current and new therapies that may become available in the future. The key
competitive factors affecting the success of all of our drug candidates, if approved, are likely to be their efficacy, combinability,
safety profile, convenience, cost, the effectiveness of companion diagnostics in guiding the use of related therapeutics, if any, the
level of generic competition, level of promotional activity, intellectual property protection, and the availability of reimbursement
from government and other third-party payors. If any drug candidates under development are approved for the indications in which we are
currently planning clinical trials, they will compete with the drugs discussed below and will likely compete with other drugs in development. 

Artificial
Intelligence and Drug Development 

We
believe our proprietary RADR platform gives us a significant competitive advantage by using AI to select and license
drugs with a well-tolerated safety profile to quickly and cost-effectively bring drugs to market. Recently, there has been an increase
in the use of AI for drug development that we face competition in both for developing new drugs and in biomarker development. This includes
competition to the pool of already existing drug candidates that may be eligible for patient stratification. Our competition in AI-driven
drug development for oncology includes, but is not limited to, the following: 

Development
 of drug candidates : A2A Pharmaceuticals, AI Therapeutics, Atomwise, Benevolent AI, Berg Health, BioXcel, Celsius Therapeutics,
 Exscientia, Gritstone Oncology, Deep Genomics; and 

Development
 of biomarkers and/or signatures for patient stratification and improved drug development : Adaptive Biotechnologies, Concerto
 HealthAI, Datavant, Envisagenics, Erasca, and Genialis. 

45 

Pancreatic
Cancer 

There
are approved standards of care agents for treating pancreatic cancer that are dominated by FOLFIRINOX (consisting of leucovorin calcium
(folinic acid), fluorouracil, irinotecan, and oxaliplatin) and gemcitabine-based cytotoxic chemotherapeutic regimens. However, these
regimens cause dose limiting toxicities. Liposomal irinotecan (Onivyde in combination with 5-FU and LV is recommended in patients
that progressed on gemcitabine therapy. In a small subset of patients exhibiting genetic mutations such as those with neurotrophic receptor
tyrosine kinase (NTRK) gene fusions, breast cancer gene (BRCA) 1/2 mutations, or patients with elevated microsatellite instability (MSI)-DNA
mismatch repair (MMR) status, recently approved targeted therapies such as Vitrakvi and Rozlytrek (approximately 1 of pancreatic cancer
patients), poly ADP-ribose polymerase (PARP) inhibitor Lynparza (approximately 5-8 of pancreatic cancer patients) and Keytruda (approximately
1-2 of pancreatic cancer patients) are currently included in treatment guidelines. For eligible patients, paclitaxel (Abraxane or docetaxel has been used in the third-line setting in combination with gemcitabine. We believe that currently, no adequate treatment
options are available for as much as 80 of advanced stage pancreatic cancer patients. 

New
agents are also being actively developed for the potential treatment of pancreatic cancer. The competition we may face regarding LP-184
for the potential treatment of pancreatic cancer includes without limitation the following agents that have not yet received marketing
approval for the treatment of pancreatic cancer: the chemotherapeutic agent-glufosfamide; the CTGF inhibitor-FG-3019 (pamrevlumab); the
tyrosine kinase inhibitor-Masiviera (masitinib); the KRAS inhibitor Sotorasib; and the PARP inhibitor Fluzoparib. 

Glioblastoma 

The
standard treatment for glioblastoma includes radiation and chemotherapy with temozolomide. Based on an article in the journal Genes and
Diseases Temozolomide resistance in glioblastoma multiforme , Genes Dis., 2016 May 11;3(3):198-210) and other publications, at
least fifty percent of temozolomide treated patients do not respond to this treatment, and others often form resistance to temozolomide
based regimens. Bevacizumab is frequently used for recurrent glioblastoma. 

New
agents are also being actively developed for the potential treatment of glioblastoma. The competition we may face regarding LP-184 for
the potential treatment of glioblastoma includes without limitation the following: the chemotherapeutic agents Berubicin, and VAL-083
(Dianhydrogalactitol); and the protein kinase inhibitors Paxalisib, Stivarga (Regorafenib) and DB102 (Enzastaurin hydrochloride). There
are also several immunotherapies in late-stage development for glioblastoma, including peptides and tumor cell vaccines. 

Prostate
Cancer 

New
agents are being actively developed to treat specific subtypes of prostate cancer. Our approach is to leverage A.I. and biomarker data
to discover subtypes of prostate cancer and treatments for those subtypes of cancer. We believe our approach and our compounds take advantage
of this improved characterization of prostate cancer. 

There
are approved standard of care agents for treating solid tumor prostate cancer, but there are a lack of approved therapeutic options for
non-metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer nmCRPC patients and castration-resistant disease in metastatic hormone-na ve
prostate cancer mHNPC ). The competition we may face in regards to LP-100 and one of the indications of LP-184, specifically
mCRPC, includes without limitation the following drugs: 

Astellas/Pfizer s
 Xtandi (enzalutamide), Johnson Johnson s Zytiga (abiraterone acetate), Clovis Oncology s Rubraca (rucaparib), AstraZeneca s
 Lynparza (olaparib), and Novartis Pluvicto (Lu-PSMA-617) are approved for treatment of metastatic castration-resistant prostate
 cancer (mCRPC). 

Xtandi
 Zytiga and Androgen Deprivation Therapy ADT to treat mHNPC and nmCRPC, respectively. 

Pfizer
 has tested Talazoparib and Enzalutamide to treat mCRPC 

BeiGene
 has used Pamiparib to treat mCRPC 

Millennium
 Pharmaceuticals has used ADT and TAK-700, a hormonal therapy that inhibits 17,20 lyase activity of the CYP17A1 enzyme, to treat Metastatic
 Prostate Cancer 

We
believe LP-184 is unique and has promise for potential use in multiple proposed biomarker profile targeted indications where there are
unmet treatment needs. 

46 

Non
Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) 

We
believe LP-300 may have an advantage to approved drugs on the market by serving as a well-tolerated agent in combination with multiple
existing standards of care drugs for the NSCLC patient population or female NSCLC patient population. Beyond traditional chemotherapies
(carboplatin/ pemetrexed and/or cisplatin/paclitaxel), NSCLC treatments with potential use for the never smoker patient population include
targeted small molecules and biologics, which include, without limitation, the approved EGFR inhibitors erlotinib, gefitinib, afatinib,
and osimertinib; the approved ALK inhibitors brigatinib, ceritinib, and crizotinib; the approved MET inhibitor tepotinib; and the approved
immune checkpoint inhibitors pembrolizumab, atezolizumab, and ramucirumab. Many of these agents are used in specific NSCLC subtypes either
as single agents or in various combinations. Many patients with NSCLC receive treatment with tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKI s).
Most patients treated with 1st or 2nd generation TKI s will eventually develop resistance to treatment, therefore requiring additional
therapeutic options. H002, a fourth generation EGFR inhibitor entering phase 1/ 2 trials may have potential for treatment of NSCLC subtypes
with various EGFR activating mutations that are common among never smokers and that also underlie resistance to other therapies. 

Government
Regulation 

Government
authorities in the United States at the federal, state and local level and in other countries regulate, among other things, the research,
development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution,
post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of drug and biological products. Generally, before a new drug
can be marketed, considerable data demonstrating its quality, safety and efficacy must be obtained, organized into a format specific
for each regulatory authority, submitted for review and approved by the regulatory authority. 

U.S.
Drug Development 

In
the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA ). Drugs also are subject to other
federal, state and local statutes and regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate
federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure
to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or post-market may
subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include, among other actions, the FDA s refusal
to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, a clinical hold, untitled or warning letters, product recalls or market withdrawals,
product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution,
disgorgement and civil or criminal penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. 

Our
drug candidates are considered small molecule drugs and must be approved by the FDA through the NDA process before they may be legally
marketed in the United States. The process generally involves the following: 

completion
 of extensive preclinical studies in accordance with applicable regulations; 

submission
 to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; 

approval
 by an independent institutional review board IRB ), or ethics committee at each clinical trial site before each trial
 may be initiated; 

performance
 of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with applicable IND regulations, good clinical practice GCP ),
 requirements and other clinical trial-related regulations to establish substantial evidence of the safety and efficacy of the investigational
 product for each proposed indication; 

47 

submission
 to the FDA of an NDA; 

a
 determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA to accept the filing for review; 

satisfactory
 completion of a FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the drug will be produced to assess
 compliance with cGMP, requirements to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug or biologic s
 identity, strength, quality and purity; 

potential
 FDA audit of the preclinical study and/or clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the NDA filing; 

FDA
 review and approval of the NDA, including consideration of the views of any FDA advisory committee, prior to any commercial marketing
 or sale of the drug in the United States; and 

compliance
 with any post-approval requirements, including the potential requirement to implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy REMS ),
 and the potential requirement to conduct post-approval studies. 

The
data required to support an NDA are generated in two distinct developmental stages: preclinical studies and clinical trials. The preclinical
and clinical testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and we cannot be certain that any
approvals for any future drug candidates will be granted on a timely basis, or at all. 

Preclinical
Studies and IND 

Preclinical
studies generally involve laboratory evaluations of drug chemistry, formulation and stability, as well as studies to evaluate toxicity
in animals, which support subsequent clinical testing. The sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical studies, together with
manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol, to the FDA as
part of the IND. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational product to humans, and must become
effective before human clinical trials may begin. 

Preclinical
studies include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry and formulation, as well as in vitro and animal studies to assess the
potential for adverse events and in some cases to establish a rationale for therapeutic use. The conduct of preclinical studies is subject
to federal regulations and requirements, including GLP regulations for safety/toxicology studies. An IND sponsor must submit the results
of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and plans
for clinical studies, among other things, to the FDA as part of an IND. Some long-term preclinical testing, such as animal tests of reproductive
adverse events and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt
by the FDA, unless before that time the FDA raises concerns or questions related to one or more proposed clinical trials and places the
trial on clinical hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can
begin. As a result, submission of an IND may not result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence. 

Clinical
Trials 

The
clinical stage of development involves the administration of the investigational product to healthy volunteers or patients under the
supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor s control, in accordance
with GCP requirements, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation
in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial,
dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety and assess efficacy.
Each protocol, and any subsequent amendments to the protocol, must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Furthermore, each clinical
trial must be reviewed and approved by an IRB for each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted to ensure that the risks
to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also
approves the informed consent form that must be provided to each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative, and must
monitor the clinical trial until completed. There also are requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and completed
clinical trial results to public registries. 

48 

A
sponsor who wishes to conduct a clinical trial outside of the United States may, but need not, obtain FDA authorization to conduct the
clinical trial under an IND. If a foreign clinical trial is not conducted under an IND, the sponsor may submit data from the clinical
trial to the FDA in support of an NDA. The FDA will accept a well-designed and well-conducted foreign clinical trial not conducted under
an IND if the trial was conducted in accordance with GCP requirements and the FDA is able to validate the data through an onsite inspection,
if deemed necessary, and the practice of medicine in the foreign country is consistent with the United States. 

Clinical
trials in the United States generally are conducted in three sequential phases, known as Phase I, Phase II and Phase III, and may overlap. 

Phase
 I clinical trials generally involve a small number of healthy volunteers or disease-affected patients who are initially exposed to
 a single dose and then multiple doses of the drug candidate. The primary purpose of these clinical trials is to assess the metabolism,
 pharmacologic action, tolerability and safety of the drug. 

Phase
 II clinical trials involve studies in disease-affected patients to determine the dose and dosing schedule required to produce the
 desired benefits. At the same time, safety and further pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic information is collected, possible
 adverse effects and safety risks are identified and a preliminary evaluation of efficacy is conducted. 

Phase
 III clinical trials generally involve a large number of patients at multiple sites and are designed to provide the data necessary
 to demonstrate the effectiveness of the product for its intended use, its safety in use and to establish the overall benefit/risk
 relationship of the product and provide an adequate basis for product approval. These trials may include comparisons with placebo
 and/or other comparator treatments. The duration of treatment is often extended to mimic the actual use of a product during marketing. 

Post-approval
trials, sometimes referred to as Phase IV clinical trials, are conducted after initial marketing approval. These trials are used to gain
additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate
the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition of approval of an NDA. 

Progress
reports detailing the results of the clinical trials, among other information, must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and written
IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and the investigators for serious and unexpected suspected adverse events, findings from
other studies suggesting a significant risk to humans exposed to the drug, findings from animal or in vitro testing that suggest
a significant risk for human subjects and any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over
that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. 

49 

Phase
I, Phase II and Phase III clinical trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA or the sponsor
may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects or patients
are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution
if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the drug has been associated with
unexpected serious harm to patients. Additionally, some clinical trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized
by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee. This group provides authorization for whether a
trial may move forward at designated check-points based on access to certain data from the trial. Concurrent with clinical trials, companies
usually complete additional animal safety studies and also must develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics
of the drug as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements.
The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of our drug candidates. Additionally, appropriate
packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that our drug candidates do not undergo
unacceptable deterioration over their labeled shelf life. 

NDA
Review Process 

Following
completion of the clinical trials, data is analyzed to assess whether the investigational product is safe and effective for the proposed
indicated use or uses. The results of preclinical studies and clinical trials are then submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA, along
with proposed labeling, chemistry and manufacturing information to ensure product quality and other relevant data. In short, the NDA
is a request for approval to market the drug for one or more specified indications and must contain proof of safety and efficacy for
a drug. 

The
application must include both negative and ambiguous results of preclinical studies and clinical trials, as well as positive findings.
Data may come from company-sponsored clinical trials intended to test the safety and efficacy of a product s use or from a number
of alternative sources, including studies initiated by investigators. To support marketing approval, the data submitted must be sufficient
in quality and quantity to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational product to the satisfaction of FDA. FDA approval
of an NDA must be obtained before a drug may be marketed in the United States. 

Under
the Prescription Drug User Fee Act PDUFA ), as amended, each NDA must be accompanied by a user fee. The FDA adjusts the
PDUFA user fees on an annual basis. According to the FDA s fiscal year 2022 fee schedule, effective through September 30, 2022,
the user fee for an application requiring clinical data, such as an NDA, was approximately 3.11 million. PDUFA also imposes an annual
program fee for each marketed human drug 369,413 in 2022) and an annual establishment fee on facilities used to manufacture prescription
drugs. Fee waivers or reductions are available in certain circumstances, including a waiver of the application fee for the first application
filed by a small business. Additionally, no user fees are assessed on NDAs for products designated as orphan drugs, unless the product
also includes a non-orphan indication. 

The
FDA reviews all submitted NDAs before it accepts them for filing, and may request additional information rather than accepting the NDA
for filing. The FDA must make a decision on accepting an NDA for filing within 60 days of receipt. Once the submission is accepted for
filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the NDA. Under the goals and policies agreed to by the FDA under PDUFA, the FDA has 10 months,
from the filing date, in which to complete its initial review of a new molecular-entity NDA and respond to the applicant, and six months
from the filing date of a new molecular-entity NDA designated for priority review. The FDA does not always meet its PDUFA goal dates
for standard and priority NDAs, and the review process is often extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. 

50 

Before
approving an NDA, the FDA will conduct a pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facilities for the new product to determine whether
they comply with cGMP requirements. The FDA will not approve the product unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities
are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications.
The FDA also may audit data from clinical trials to ensure compliance with GCP requirements. Additionally, the FDA may refer applications
for novel drug products or drug products which present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically
a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should
be approved and under what conditions, if any. The FDA is not bound by recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such
recommendations when making decisions on approval. The FDA likely will reanalyze the clinical trial data, which could result in extensive
discussions between the FDA and the applicant during the review process. After the FDA evaluates an NDA, it will issue an approval letter
or a Complete Response Letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for
specific indications. A Complete Response Letter indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete and the application will
not be approved in its present form. A Complete Response Letter usually describes all of the specific deficiencies in the NDA identified
by the FDA. The Complete Response Letter may require additional clinical data, additional pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial(s) and/or other
significant and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials, preclinical studies or manufacturing. If a Complete Response
Letter is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the NDA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw
the application. Even if such data and information are submitted, the FDA may decide that the NDA does not satisfy the criteria for approval.
Data obtained from clinical trials are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than we interpret the same data. 

Orphan
Drugs 

Under
the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug or biological product intended to treat a rare disease or condition,
which is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals
in the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making the product available in
the United States for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product. 

Orphan
drug designation must be requested before submitting an NDA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the identity of the therapeutic
agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in or shorten
the duration of the regulatory review and approval process. 

If
a product that has orphan designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such
designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications to market
the same drug for the same indication for seven years from the date of such approval, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing
of clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity by means of greater effectiveness, greater safety or providing a major
contribution to patient care or in instances of drug supply issues. However, competitors may receive approval of either a different product
for the same indication or the same product for a different indication but that could be used off-label in the orphan indication. Orphan
drug exclusivity also could block the approval of one of our products for seven years if a competitor obtains approval before we do for
the same product, as defined by the FDA, for the same indication we are seeking approval, or if a drug candidate is determined to be
contained within the scope of the competitor s product for the same indication or disease. If one of our products designated as
an orphan drug receives marketing approval for an indication broader than that which is designated, it may not be entitled to orphan
drug exclusivity. Orphan drug status in the European Union has similar, but not identical, requirements and benefits. 

51 

Expedited
Development and Review Programs 

The
FDA has a fast track program that is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing new drugs that meet certain criteria.
Specifically, new drugs are eligible for fast track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening condition
and preclinical or clinical data demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Fast track designation applies
to both the product and the specific indication for which it is being studied. The sponsor can request the FDA to designate the product
for fast track status any time before receiving NDA approval, but ideally no later than the pre-NDA meeting with the FDA. 

Any
product submitted to the FDA for marketing, including under a fast track program, may be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended
to expedite development and review, such as priority review and accelerated approval. Any product is eligible for priority review if
it treats a serious or life-threatening condition and, if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety and effectiveness
compared to available therapies. 

A
product may also be eligible for accelerated approval, if it treats a serious or life-threatening condition and generally provides a
meaningful advantage over available therapies. In addition, it must demonstrate an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably
likely to predict clinical benefit or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality IMM ),
which is reasonably likely to predict an effect on IMM or other clinical benefit. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require that
a sponsor of a drug or biologic receiving accelerated approval perform adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical trials. If
the FDA concludes that a drug or biologic shown to be effective can be safely used only if distribution or use is restricted, it may
require such post-marketing restrictions as it deems necessary to assure safe use of the product. 

Additionally,
a drug may be eligible for designation as a breakthrough therapy if the product is intended, alone or in combination with one or more
other drugs or biologics, to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product
may demonstrate substantial improvement over currently approved therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints. The benefits
of breakthrough therapy designation include the same benefits as fast track designation, plus intensive guidance from the FDA to ensure
an efficient drug development program. Fast track designation, priority review, accelerated approval and breakthrough therapy designation
do not change the standards for approval, but may expedite the development or approval process. 

Post-Approval
Requirements 

Following
approval of a new product, the manufacturer and the approved product are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among
other things, monitoring and record-keeping requirements, requirements to report adverse experiences and comply with promotion and advertising
requirements, which include restrictions on promoting drugs for unapproved uses or patient populations, known as off-label use, 
and limitations on industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities. Although physicians may prescribe legally available drugs
for off-label uses, manufacturers may not market or promote such uses. Prescription drug promotional materials must be submitted to the
FDA in conjunction with their first use. Further, if there are any modifications to the drug, including changes in indications, labeling
or manufacturing processes or facilities, the applicant may be required to submit and obtain FDA approval of a new NDA or NDA supplement,
which may require the development of additional data or preclinical studies and clinical trials. 

52 

The
FDA may also place other conditions on approvals including the requirement for REMS, to assure the safe use of the product. A REMS could
include medication guides, physician communication plans or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient
registries and other risk minimization tools. Any of these limitations on approval or marketing could restrict the commercial promotion,
distribution, prescription or dispensing of products. Product approvals may be withdrawn for non-compliance with regulatory standards
or if problems occur following initial marketing. 

The
FDA may withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product
reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity
or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved
labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical studies to assess new safety risks or imposition
of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 

restrictions
 on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market, or product recalls; 

fines,
 warning letters, or holds on post-approval clinical studies; 

refusal
 of the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications; 

applications,
 or suspension or revocation of product license approvals; 

product
 seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; or 

injunctions
 or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The
FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Drugs may be promoted
only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce
the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label
uses may be subject to significant liability. 

Other
U.S. Regulatory Matters 

Manufacturing,
sales, promotion and other activities following product approval are also subject to regulation by numerous regulatory authorities in
the United States in addition to the FDA, including the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, other divisions of the Department
of Health and Human Services, the Department of Justice, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Consumer Product Safety Commission,
the Federal Trade Commission, the Occupational Safety Health Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency, and state and
local governments. 

For
example, in the United States, sales, marketing and scientific and educational programs also must comply with state and federal fraud
and abuse laws, false claims laws, transparency laws, government price reporting, and health information privacy and security laws. These
laws include the following: 

the
 federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which makes it illegal for any person, including a prescription drug manufacturer (or a party acting
 on its behalf), to knowingly and willfully solicit, receive, offer or pay any remuneration that is intended to induce or reward referrals,
 including the purchase, recommendation, order or prescription of a particular drug, for which payment may be made under a federal
 healthcare program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. Moreover, the ACA provides that the government may assert that a claim including
 items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes
 of the civil False Claims Act; 

the
 federal false claims and civil monetary penalties laws, including the civil False Claims Act that can be enforced by private citizens
 through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, prohibit individuals or entities from, among other things, knowingly presenting,
 or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement
 to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government; 

the
 Federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), prohibits, among other things, executing
 or attempting to execute a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 

53 

HIPAA,
 as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act and their implementing regulations, also imposes
 obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually
 identifiable health information; 

the
 federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act requires applicable manufacturers of covered drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies
 for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions,
 to annually report to CMS information regarding payments and other transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals as well
 as information regarding ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; and 

analogous
 state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to sales or marketing arrangements
 and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers,
 state laws that require biotechnology companies to comply with the biotechnology industry s voluntary compliance guidelines
 and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government and may require drug manufacturers to report information
 related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures, state laws
 that require biotechnology companies to report information on the pricing of certain drug products, and state and foreign laws that
 govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant
 ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

Pricing
and rebate programs must also comply with the Medicaid rebate requirements of the U.S. Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 and
more recent requirements in the ACA. If products are made available to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule of the General
Services Administration, additional laws and requirements apply. Products must meet applicable child-resistant packaging requirements
under the U.S. Poison Prevention Packaging Act. Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities also are potentially subject to
federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 

The
distribution of pharmaceutical products is subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive record-keeping, licensing,
storage and security requirements intended to prevent the unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical products. 

The
failure to comply with any of these laws or regulatory requirements subjects firms to possible legal or regulatory action. Depending
on the circumstances, failure to meet applicable regulatory requirements can result in significant civil, criminal and administrative
penalties, including damages, fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government funded healthcare
programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished
profits and future earnings, injunctions, requests for recall, seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, denial
or withdrawal of product approvals or refusal to allow a firm to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts. 

54 

U.S.
Patent-Term Restoration and Marketing Exclusivity 

Depending
upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA approval of any future drug candidates, some of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited
patent term extension under the Hatch-Waxman Act. The Hatch-Waxman Act permits restoration of the patent term of up to five years as
compensation for patent term lost during product development and FDA regulatory review process. Patent-term restoration, however, cannot
extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product s approval date. The patent-term restoration
period is generally one-half the time between the effective date of an IND or the issue date of the patent, whichever is later, and the
submission date of an NDA plus the time between the submission date of an NDA or the issue date of the patent, whichever is later, and
the approval of that application, except that the review period is reduced by any time during which the applicant failed to exercise
due diligence. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug is eligible for the extension and the application for the extension must
be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. The USPTO, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for
any patent term extension or restoration. In the future, we may apply for restoration of patent term for our currently owned or licensed
patents to add patent life beyond its current expiration date, depending on the expected length of the clinical trials and other factors
involved in the filing of the relevant NDA. 

Market
exclusivity provisions under the FDCA also can delay the submission or the approval of certain applications. The FDCA provides a five-year
period of non-patent marketing exclusivity within the United States to the first applicant to gain approval of an NDA for a new chemical
entity. A drug is a new chemical entity if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing the same active moiety,
which is the molecule or ion responsible for the action of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept
for review an abbreviated new drug application ANDA ), or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company for another version
of such drug where the applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, an application
may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement. The FDCA also provides three
years of marketing exclusivity for a NDA, 505(b)(2) NDA or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability
studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application,
for example, new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the conditions of use
associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs for drugs containing the original
active agent. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA. However, an applicant submitting
a full NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to all of the preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled
clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. 

European
Union Drug Development 

Similar
to the United States, the various phases of preclinical and clinical research in the European Union are subject to significant regulatory
controls. Although the EU Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC has sought to harmonize the EU clinical trials regulatory framework, setting
out common rules for the control and authorization of clinical trials in the EU, the EU Member States have transposed and applied the
provisions of the Directive differently. This has led to significant variations in the member state regimes. Under the current regime,
before a clinical trial can be initiated it must be approved in each of the EU countries where the trial is to be conducted by two distinct
bodies: the National Competent Authority NCA ), and one or more Ethics Committees ECs ). Under the current
regime all suspected unexpected serious adverse reactions to the investigated drug that occur during the clinical trial have to be reported
to the NCA and ECs of the Member State where they occurred. 

The
EU clinical trials legislation currently is undergoing a transition process mainly aimed at harmonizing and streamlining clinical-trial
authorization, simplifying adverse-event reporting procedures, improving the supervision of clinical trials and increasing their transparency.
Recently enacted Clinical Trials Regulation EU No 536/2014 ensures that the rules for conducting clinical trials in the EU will be identical.
In the meantime, Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC continues to govern all clinical trials performed in the EU. 

55 

European
Union Drug Review and Approval 

In
the European Economic Area EEA ), which is comprised of the 27 Member States of the European Union (including Norway and
excluding Croatia), Iceland and Liechtenstein, medicinal products can only be commercialized after obtaining a Marketing Authorization MA ). There are two types of marketing authorizations. 

The
 Community MA is issued by the European Commission through the Centralized Procedure, based on the opinion of the Committee for Medicinal
 Products for Human Use CHMP ), of the EMA, and is valid throughout the entire territory of the EEA. The Centralized
 Procedure is mandatory for certain types of products, such as biotechnology medicinal products, orphan medicinal products, advanced-therapy
 medicines such as gene-therapy, somatic cell-therapy or tissue-engineered medicines and medicinal products containing a new active
 substance indicated for the treatment of HIV, AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, auto-immune and other immune dysfunctions
 and viral diseases. The Centralized Procedure is optional for products containing a new active substance not yet authorized in the
 EEA, or for products that constitute a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation or which are in the interest of
 public health in the EU. 

National
 MAs, which are issued by the competent authorities of the Member States of the EEA and only cover their respective territory, are
 available for products not falling within the mandatory scope of the Centralized Procedure. Where a product has already been authorized
 for marketing in a Member State of the EEA, this National MA can be recognized in another Member States through the Mutual Recognition
 Procedure. If the product has not received a National MA in any Member State at the time of application, it can be approved simultaneously
 in various Member States through the Decentralized Procedure. Under the Decentralized Procedure an identical dossier is submitted
 to the competent authorities of each of the Member States in which the MA is sought, one of which is selected by the applicant as
 the Reference Member State RMS ). The competent authority of the RMS prepares a draft assessment report, a draft summary
 of the product characteristics SPC ), and a draft of the labeling and package leaflet, which are sent to the other
 Member States (referred to as the Member States Concerned) for their approval. If the Member States Concerned raise no objections,
 based on a potential serious risk to public health, to the assessment, SPC, labeling or packaging proposed by the RMS, the product
 is subsequently granted a national MA in all the Member States (i.e., in the RMS and the Member States Concerned). 

Under
the above described procedures, before granting the MA, EMA or the competent authorities of the Member States of the EEA make an assessment
of the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of scientific criteria concerning its quality, safety and efficacy. Similar to
the U.S. patent term-restoration, Supplementary Protection Certificates SPCs serve as an extension to a patent right
in Europe for up to five years. SPCs apply to specific pharmaceutical products to offset the loss of patent protection due to the lengthy
testing and clinical trials these products require prior to obtaining regulatory marketing approval. 

Coverage
and Reimbursement 

Sales
of our products will depend, in part, on the extent to which our products will be covered by third-party payors, such as government health
programs, commercial insurance, and managed healthcare organizations. There is significant uncertainty related to third-party payor coverage
and reimbursement of newly approved products. In the United States, for example, principal decisions about reimbursement for new products
are typically made by CMS. CMS decides whether and to what extent a new product will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare, and private
third-party payors often follow CMS s decisions regarding coverage and reimbursement to a substantial degree. However, no uniform
policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists. Accordingly, decisions regarding the extent of coverage and amount of
reimbursement to be provided for any of our products will be made on a payor-by-payor basis. 

56 

Increasingly,
third-party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the
prices charged for medical products. Further, such payors are increasingly challenging the price, examining the medical necessity and
reviewing the cost effectiveness of medical drug candidates. There may be especially significant delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement
for newly approved drugs. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific drug candidates on an approved list, known as a formulary,
which might not include all FDA-approved drugs for a particular indication. We may need to conduct expensive pharmaco-economic studies
to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost effectiveness of our products. As a result, the coverage determination process is often
a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each
payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. 

In
addition, in most foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements
governing drug pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. For example, the European Union provides options for its
member states to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and
to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. A member state may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it
may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market.
There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow
favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. Historically, products launched in the European Union do not
follow price structures of the United States and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. 

Healthcare
Reform 

The
United States government, state legislatures, and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost containment
programs to limit the growth of government-paid healthcare costs, including price-controls, restrictions on reimbursement, and requirements
for substitution of generic products for branded prescription drugs. For example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable
Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the ACA ), was passed
which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both the government and private insurers, and significantly impacts the
U.S. pharmaceutical industry. The ACA contains provisions that may reduce the profitability of drug products through increased rebates
for drugs reimbursed by Medicaid programs, extension of Medicaid rebates to Medicaid managed care plans, mandatory discounts for certain
Medicare Part D beneficiaries and annual fees based on pharmaceutical companies share of sales to federal health care programs.
The Medicaid Drug Rebate Program requires pharmaceutical manufacturers to enter into and have in effect a national rebate agreement with
the HHS Secretary as a condition for states to receive federal matching funds for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs furnished
to Medicaid patients. The ACA made several changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, including increasing pharmaceutical manufacturers 
rebate liability by raising the minimum basic Medicaid rebate on most branded prescription drugs from 15.1 of average manufacturer price AMP ), to 23.1 of AMP and adding a new rebate calculation for line extensions (i.e., new formulations, such
as extended release formulations) of solid oral dosage forms of branded products, as well as potentially impacting their rebate liability
by modifying the statutory definition of AMP. The ACA also expanded the universe of Medicaid utilization subject to drug rebates by requiring
pharmaceutical manufacturers to pay rebates on Medicaid managed care utilization and by enlarging the population potentially eligible
for Medicaid drug benefits. The Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS ), have proposed to expand Medicaid rebate
liability to the territories of the United States as well. Additionally, for a drug product to receive federal reimbursement under the
Medicaid or Medicare Part B programs or to be sold directly to U.S. government agencies, the manufacturer must extend discounts to entities
eligible to participate in the 340B drug pricing program. The required 340B discount on a given product is calculated based on the AMP
and Medicaid rebate amounts reported by the manufacturer. 

57 

Some
of the provisions of the ACA have yet to be implemented, and there have been judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects
of the ACA Congress has recently considered legislation that would repeal or repeal and replace all or part of the ACA. While Congress
has not passed comprehensive repeal legislation, two bills affecting the implementation of certain taxes under the ACA have passed. On
December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act was enacted, which includes a provision repealing, effective
January 1, 2019, the tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed by the ACA on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying
health coverage for all or part of a year that is commonly referred to as the individual mandate. The Bipartisan Budget
Act of 2018 (the BBA ), among other things, amended the ACA, effective January 1, 2019, to close the coverage gap in most
Medicare Part D drug plans. In July 2018, CMS published a final rule permitting further collections and payments to and from certain
ACA-qualified health plans and health insurance issuers under the ACA risk adjustment program in response to the outcome of federal district
court litigation regarding the method CMS uses to determine this risk adjustment. On December 14, 2018, a Texas U.S. District Court Judge
ruled that the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress as part
of the Tax Act. On December 18, 2019, the United States Court of Appeal for the Fifth Circuit ruled that the individual mandate 
of the ACA is unconstitutional, but remanded the case to the U.S. District Court to reconsider whether the entire ACA is unconstitutional.
In June 2021, the Supreme Court concluded that the challenge to the ACA should be dismissed. It is unclear how this decision, subsequent
appeals and decisions, and other efforts to repeal and replace the ACA will impact the ACA. 

Other
legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. These changes included aggregate reductions
to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year, effective April 1, 2013, which, due to subsequent legislative amendments,
will stay in effect through 2027 unless additional congressional action is taken. In January 2013, President Obama signed into law the
American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, and increased the statute
of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. These new laws may result in
additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, which could have a material adverse effect on customers for our drugs,
if approved, and accordingly, our financial operations. 

Additionally,
there has been heightened governmental scrutiny recently over the manner in which drug manufacturers set prices for their marketed products,
which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other
things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform
government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. For example, At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed
legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient
reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures,
and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 

Moreover,
the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 MMA ), established the Medicare Part D program
to provide a voluntary prescription drug benefit to Medicare beneficiaries. Under Part D, Medicare beneficiaries may enroll in prescription
drug plans offered by private entities that provide coverage of outpatient prescription drugs. Unlike Medicare Part A and B, Part D coverage
is not standardized. While all Medicare drug plans must give at least a standard level of coverage set by Medicare, Part D prescription
drug plan sponsors are not required to pay for all covered Part D drugs, and each drug plan can develop its own drug formulary that identifies
which drugs it will cover and at what tier or level. However, Part D prescription drug formularies must include drugs within each therapeutic
category and class of covered Part D drugs, though not necessarily all the drugs in each category or class. Any formulary used by a Part
D prescription drug plan must be developed and reviewed by a pharmacy and therapeutic committee. Government payment for some of the costs
of prescription drugs may increase demand for products for which we receive marketing approval. However, any negotiated prices for our
products covered by a Part D prescription drug plan likely will be lower than the prices we might otherwise obtain. Moreover, while the
MMA applies only to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private third-party payors often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment
limitations in setting their own payment rates. 

58 

Employees 

As
of the date of this report, we employ a total of 23 professionals: 22 full-time and one part-time employees. None of our employees are
represented by a labor union or covered under a collective bargaining agreement. We believe that we maintain strong relations with our
employees. 

We
also engage outside consultants to assist with research and development, clinical development and regulatory matters, business development,
operations and other functions from time to time. 

Human
Capital Resources. 

Our
employees drive our mission, and we place a high level of importance on employee engagement and corporate culture. Fostering and maintaining
a strong, healthy culture is a key strategic focus for us, and we regularly engage in independent third-party surveys to gauge the satisfaction
and engagement of our team. 

Our
compensation approach is aimed at attracting, retaining, motivating and rewarding superior employees who operate in a highly competitive
and technologically challenging environment. The structure of our compensation aims to balance incentives for both short-term and long-term
performance. 

Some
examples of the benefits we offer include medical insurance, dental insurance, vision insurance, and an unlimited paid-time off policy. 

A
substantial portion of our employees are focused on leading and advancing our drug development, biology and data science efforts. As
we progress our product candidates and grow and expand our team, we intend to continue to place a significant focus on our human capital
resources. 

Available
Information 

We
maintain a website at www.lanternpharma.com. The contents of our website are not incorporated in, or otherwise to be regarded as part
of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available, free of charge on our website, access to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable
after we file or furnish them electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

Copies
of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and other filings we make with
the SEC are also available at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC
at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the Public Reference Room. Our SEC filings are also available on the SEC s website
at www.sec.gov. Statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K concerning the contents of any contract or any other documents
are not necessarily complete. If a contract or document has been filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, please see the
copy of the contract or document that has been filed. Each statement in this this Annual Report on Form 10-K relating to a contract or
document filed as an exhibit is qualified in all respects by the filed exhibit. 

59 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should give careful consideration to the following risk factors, in
addition to general economic and business risks and the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our
financial statements and related notes, before deciding whether to invest in shares of our common stock. The occurrence of any of the
adverse developments described in the following risk factors could materially and adversely harm our business, financial condition, results
of operations or prospects. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment.
Additional risks or uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also materially and adversely harm
our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 

Risks
Related to Financial Position and Need for Capital 

We
have a limited operating history and have never generated any revenues other than from research grants, which may make it difficult to
evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability. 

We
were incorporated in November 7, 2013, and to date have been largely focused on organizing and staffing our company, raising capital,
developing the RADR platform and acquiring the rights to, and advancing the development of, our drug candidates, including
conducting preclinical studies and early phase clinical trials on our drug candidates. We have not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully
complete clinical trials, obtain marketing approvals, manufacture drugs on a commercial scale, or arrange for a third party to do so
on our behalf, or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful commercialization. Consequently, predictions about
our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history or a history of successfully
developing and commercializing drugs. 

We
expect our financial condition and operating results to continue to fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year due to a variety
of factors, many of which are beyond our control. We will need to eventually transition from a company with a research and development
focus to a company capable of undertaking commercial activities. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications and
delays, and may not be successful in such a transition. 

We
have incurred significant operating losses since inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur substantial operating losses
for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability. 

Since
our inception, we have incurred losses. Our net losses were approximately 14,260,000 and 12,363,000 for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable
future. None of our current drug candidates have been approved for marketing in the United States, or in any other jurisdiction, and
may never receive such approval. It could be several years, if ever, before we have a commercialized drug that generates significant
revenues. As a result, we are uncertain when or if we will achieve profitability and, if so, whether we will be able to sustain profitability.
The net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. We anticipate that our expenses will increase
substantially as we: 

continue
 the development of our drug candidates; 

initiate
 preclinical studies and clinical trials for any additional indications for our current drug candidates and any future drug candidates
 that we may pursue; 

continue
 to build our portfolio of drug candidates through the acquisition or in-license of additional drug candidates or technologies; 

60 

continue
 to develop, maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 

continue
 to develop, maintain, and expand our RADR platform; 

pursue
 regulatory approvals for our current and future drug candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; 

ultimately
 establish a sales, marketing, distribution and other commercial infrastructure to commercialize any drug candidate for which we may
 obtain marketing approval; 

hire
 additional clinical, regulatory, scientific and accounting personnel; and 

incur
 additional legal, accounting and other expenses in operating as a public company. 

To
become and remain profitable, we must develop and eventually commercialize one or more drug candidates with significant market potential
or license one or more of our drug candidates to an industry partner. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging
activities, including completing clinical trials of our drug candidates, publishing our data and findings on our drug candidates with
peer reviewed publications, developing commercial scale manufacturing processes, obtaining marketing approval, manufacturing, marketing
and selling any current and future drug candidates for which we may obtain marketing approval, and satisfying any post-marketing requirements.
We are only in the preliminary stages of most of these activities and, in some cases, have not yet commenced certain of these activities.
We may never succeed in any or all of these activities and, even if we do, we may never generate sufficient revenue to achieve profitability. 

Because
of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with drug development, we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount of
expenses or when, or if, we will obtain marketing approval to commercialize any of our drug candidates. If we are required by the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, or other regulatory authorities such as the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, to perform studies
and trials in addition to those currently expected, or if there are any delays in the development, or in the completion of any planned
or future preclinical studies or clinical trials of our current or future drug candidates, our expenses could increase and profitability
could be further delayed. 

Even
if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to
become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research
and development efforts, expand our business or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company also could cause investors
to lose all or part of your investment. 

We
will need substantial additional funding, and if we are unable to raise capital when needed, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate
our drug development programs or commercialization efforts. 

We
anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially as we continue to develop and begin and continue clinical trials with respect
to LP-300, LP-184, LP-284, LP-100 and our other drug candidates; seek to identify and develop additional drug candidates; acquire or
in-license other drug candidates or technologies; seek regulatory and marketing approvals for our drug candidates that successfully complete
clinical trials, if any; establish sales, marketing, distribution and other commercial infrastructure in the future to commercialize
various drugs for which we may obtain marketing approval, if any; require the manufacture of larger quantities of drug candidates for
clinical development and, potentially, commercialization; maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; develop,
maintain, and expand our RADR platform; hire and retain additional personnel, such as clinical, quality control and scientific
personnel; add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our drug development
and help us comply with our obligations as a public company; and add equipment and physical infrastructure to support our research and
development programs. 

61 

We
will be required to expend significant funds in order to advance the development of LP-300, LP-184, LP-284, LP-100 and our other drug
candidates. In addition, while we may seek one or more collaborators for future development of our current drug candidates or any future
drug candidates that we may develop for one or more indications, we may not be able to enter into a partnership or out-license for any
of our drug candidates for such indications on suitable terms, on a timely basis or at all. In any event, our existing cash, cash equivalents
and other capital resources will not be sufficient to fund all of the efforts that we plan to undertake or to fund the completion of
development of our drug candidates or our other preclinical studies. Accordingly, we will be required to obtain further funding through
public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations and licensing arrangements or other sources. We do not have any committed
external source of funds. Further financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our failure to raise capital as
and when needed would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy. 

Based
on our anticipated expenditures and capital commitments as of the date of this report, we believe our existing cash and cash equivalents
as of December 31, 2022 will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements for at least 12 months from
the filing of this Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our estimate as to how long we expect our existing cash, cash equivalents
and other capital resources to be able to continue to fund our operations is based on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we
could use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Further, changing circumstances, some of which may be beyond
our control, could cause us to consume capital significantly faster than we currently anticipate, and we may need to seek additional
funds sooner than planned. Our future funding requirements, both short-term and long-term, will depend on many factors, including: 

the
 scope, progress, timing, costs and results of preclinical studies and clinical trials of LP-300, LP-184, LP-284, LP-100 and our other
 drug candidates; 

the
 costs associated with maintaining, expanding and updating our RADR platform; 

the
 costs, timing and outcome of seeking regulatory approvals; 

our
 headcount growth and associated costs as we expand our research and development as well as potentially establish a commercial infrastructure; 

the
 costs of our licensing or commercialization activities for any of our drug candidates that receive marketing approval to the extent
 such costs are not the responsibility of any future collaborators, including the costs and timing of establishing drug sales, marketing,
 distribution and manufacturing capabilities; 

our
 ability to enter into and the terms and timing of any collaborations, licensing agreements or other arrangements; 

revenue
 received from commercial sales, if any, of our current and future drug candidates; 

the
 costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and protecting our intellectual property rights and defending
 against intellectual property related claims; 

the
 number of future drug candidates that we pursue and their development requirements; 

changes
 in regulatory policies or laws that may affect our operations; 

62 

changes
 in physician acceptance or medical society recommendations that may affect commercial efforts; 

the
 costs of acquiring potential new drug candidates or technology; 

the
 costs associated with purchasing data for our RADR platform; 

the
 costs associated with maintaining and expanding our cybersecurity systems; and 

the
 costs of operating as a public company. 

Risks
Related to the Discovery and Development of Drug Candidates 

We
have limited experience in drug discovery and drug development and may not receive regulatory approval to market our drug candidates.

Prior
to the acquisition of our rescue drug candidates, we were not involved in and had no control over their preclinical and clinical development.
In addition, we rely upon the parties from whom we have acquired our drug candidates from to have conducted such research and development
in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific standards, having accurately reported the results of all
clinical trials conducted prior to our acquisition of the applicable drug candidate, and having correctly collected the data from these
studies and trials. To the extent any of these has not occurred, our expected development time and costs may be increased, which could
adversely affect our prospects for marketing approval of, and receiving any future revenue from, these drug candidates. 

In
the near term, we are dependent on our ability to advance the development of LP-300, LP-300, LP-284, and LP-100. If we are unable to
initiate or complete the clinical development of, obtain marketing approval for or successfully commercialize LP-300, LP-184, LP-284,
LP-100 and our other drug candidates, either alone or with a collaborator, or if we experience significant delays in doing so, our business
could be substantially harmed. 

We
currently do not have any drugs that have received regulatory approval and may never be able to develop marketable drug candidates. We
are investing a significant portion of our efforts and financial resources in the advancement of our drug candidates and in the development
of our RADR platform. Our prospects are substantially dependent on our ability, or those of any future collaborator,
to develop, obtain marketing approval for and successfully commercialize drug candidates in one or more disease indications. 

The
success of LP-300, LP-184, LP-284, LP-100 and our other drug candidates will depend on several factors, including the following: 

following
 submission of an Investigational New Drug Application, or IND, with the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority, receiving
 clearance for the conduct of clinical trials of drug candidates and proposed design of future clinical trials; 

initiation,
 progress, timing, costs and results of clinical trials of our drug candidates and potential drug candidates; 

establishment
 of a safety, tolerability and efficacy profile that is satisfactory to the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority for
 marketing approval; 

adequate
 ongoing availability of quality data sources for our RADR platform and raw materials and drug product for clinical
 development and any commercial sales; 

63 

obtaining
 and maintaining patent, trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity, both in the United States and relevant global markets; 

the
 performance of our future collaborators, if any; 

the
 extent of any required post-marketing approval commitments to applicable regulatory authorities; 

establishment
 of supply arrangements with third-party raw materials suppliers and manufacturers; 

establishment
 of arrangements with third-party manufacturers to obtain finished drug product that is appropriately packaged for sale; 

protection
 of our rights in our intellectual property portfolio; 

successful
 launch of commercial sales following any marketing approval; 

a
 continued acceptable safety profile following any marketing approval; 

commercial
 acceptance by patients, the medical community and third-party payors; and 

our
 ability to compete with other therapies. 

Many
of these factors are beyond our control, including the results of clinical trials, the time required for the FDA or any comparable foreign
regulatory authorities to review any regulatory submissions we may make, potential threats to our intellectual property rights and the
manufacturing, marketing and sales efforts of any future collaborator. If we are unable to develop, receive marketing approval for and
successfully commercialize our drug candidates, on our own or with any future collaborator or experience delays as a result of any of
these factors or otherwise, our business could be substantially harmed. The regulatory approval processes of the FDA and comparable foreign
authorities are lengthy, time consuming, expensive and inherently unpredictable, and if we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory
approval for our drug candidates, our business will be substantially harmed. 

The
time required to obtain approval by the FDA and comparable foreign authorities is unpredictable but can take many years following the
commencement of clinical trials and depends upon numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities.
The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of our drug candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage
clinical trials. Drug candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having
progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. It is not uncommon for companies in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical
industries to suffer significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to nonclinical findings made while clinical studies were underway
and safety or efficacy observations made in clinical studies, including previously unreported adverse events. Our future clinical trial
results may not be successful, and notwithstanding any potential promising results in earlier studies, we cannot be certain that we will
not face similar setbacks. The historical failure rate for drug candidates in our industry is high. In addition, approval policies, regulations,
or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a drug candidate s clinical
development and may vary among jurisdictions. We have not obtained final regulatory approval for any drug candidate and it is possible
that none of our existing drug candidates or any drug candidates we may seek to develop in the future will ever obtain regulatory approval. 

64 

Our
drug candidates could fail to receive regulatory clearance or marketing approval for many reasons, including the following: 

the
 FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials, including,
 but not limited to, the use of genomic or biomarker signatures to identify patients that may respond to drug efficacy; 

we
 may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that a drug candidate is
 safe and effective for its proposed indication; 

we
 may be unable to identify and recruit a sufficient number of patients with relevant genomic or biomarker signatures or other specified
 enrollment criteria in order to conduct clinical trials on our drug candidates; 

the
 results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory
 authorities for approval; 

the
 FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical
 trials; 

the
 data collected from clinical trials of our drug candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of a New Drug Application,
 or NDA, or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere; 

the
 FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers
 with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 

the
 approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering
 our clinical data insufficient for approval. 

We
have not previously completed all clinical trials for any of our drug candidates. Consequently, we may not have the necessary capabilities,
including adequate staffing, to successfully manage the execution and completion of any clinical trials we initiate in a way that leads
to our obtaining marketing approval for our drug candidates in a timely manner, or at all. This lengthy approval process as well as the
unpredictability of future clinical trial results may result in our failing to obtain regulatory approval to market our drug candidates,
which would significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. 

In
addition, even if we were to obtain approval, regulatory authorities may approve any of our drug candidates for fewer or more limited
indications than we request, may not approve the price we intend to charge for our drugs, may grant approval contingent on the performance
of costly post-marketing clinical trials, may approve a drug candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary
or desirable for the successful commercialization of that drug candidate or may restrict its distribution. Any of the foregoing restrictions
or requirements could materially harm the commercial prospects for our drug candidates. 

We
have not previously submitted a new drug application (an NDA to the FDA or similar drug approval filings to comparable
foreign authorities, for any drug candidate, and we cannot be certain that any of our drug candidates will be successful in clinical
trials or receive regulatory approval. Further, our drug candidates may not receive regulatory approval even if they are successful in
clinical trials. If we do not receive regulatory approvals for our drug candidates, we may not be able to continue our operations. Even
if we successfully obtain regulatory approvals to market one or more of our drug candidates, our revenues will be dependent, in part,
upon the size of the markets in the territories for which we gain regulatory approval and have commercial rights. If the markets for
patients that we are targeting for our drug candidates are not as significant as we estimate, or if the price we charge for our drug
candidate is too high, we may not generate significant revenues from sales of such drugs, if approved. 

65 

We
plan to seek regulatory approval to commercialize our drug candidates both in the United States and the European Union and in additional
foreign countries. While the scope of regulatory approval is similar in other countries, to obtain separate regulatory approval in many
other countries we must comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of such countries regarding safety and efficacy and
governing, among other things, clinical trials and possible limitations placed upon commercial sales, pricing and distribution of our
drug candidates, and we cannot predict success in these jurisdictions. 

Our
business strategy to rescue previously failed drug candidates may not be successful, and important issues relating to safety and efficacy
remain to be resolved for all of our drug candidates. Our strategy also involves risks and uncertainties that differ from other biotechnology
companies that focus solely on new drug candidates that do not have a history of failed clinical trials. 

Our
drug candidate portfolio includes small molecules that others have tried, but failed, to develop into an approved commercialized drug.
Our strategy to rescue previously failed drug candidates may not be successful, and the use of the term drug rescue, rescuing, 
or words of similar meaning in this report should not be construed to mean that our RADR platform has resolved all issues
of safety and/or efficacy for any of our drug candidates. Issues of safety and efficacy for any drug candidate may only be determined
by the U.S. FDA or other applicable regulatory authorities in jurisdictions outside the United States. 

Our
business strategy includes a focus on leveraging A.I. to streamline the drug development process and to identify patients that will benefit
from drug candidates that other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies have abandoned or shelved after initiating clinical trials
under an IND application filed with the FDA, including candidates that have failed to achieve statistical significance on the original
endpoints established in the clinical trials. We use our RADR platform to assess drug candidates together with big data
sources of information to both target and evaluate sub-populations and identify new therapeutic indices and gene signatures that will
potentially correlate with drug efficacy and patient response to treatment. While we have not yet successfully received regulatory or
marketing approval for any of our drug candidates, and while we believe that our approach has the potential to reduce the cost and time
of drug development through the identification and selection of patient populations more likely to respond to therapy, our strategy involves
risks and uncertainties that differ from other biotechnology companies that focus solely on new drug candidates that do not have a history
of failed clinical development. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: 

The
 remaining term of the initial patents filed with respect to a rescued and repositioned drug candidate may be significantly less than
 the patent term for a newly discovered drug candidate; 

Potential
 out-licensees, alliance partners and collaborators may view a rescued and repositioned drug candidate with more skepticism because
 of its history of failed clinical trials, thereby requiring a higher level of additional data and further explanations of mechanisms
 of action in order to overcome this skepticism and obtain commercially reasonable terms for future development or collaboration; 

Key
 personnel and institutional knowledge relating to a rescued and repositioned drug candidate may no longer be available for us; 

The
 current standard of care in the targeted therapeutic indication for the rescued and repositioned drug candidate may be different
 than the standard of care that existed during the candidate s last clinical trial, which will require more time and resources
 from us to reassess and redesign the regulatory development path for the rescued and repositioned drug candidate; and 

The
 rescued and repositioned drug candidate may be perceived to be in an older therapeutic focus area of oncology, thereby
 generating less enthusiasm and support compared to therapeutic focus areas of oncology that may be perceived as more recent. 

66 

We
may depend on enrollment of patients with specific genomic or biomarker signatures in our clinical trials in order for us to continue
development of our drug candidates. If we are unable to enroll patients with specific genomic or biomarker signatures in our clinical
trials, our research, development and commercialization efforts could be adversely affected. 

The
timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our ability to enroll a sufficient
number of patients with genomic or biomarker signatures we have identified and who remain in the study until its conclusion. We may experience
difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical trials for a variety of reasons. Patient enrollment is affected by many factors including
the size and nature of the patient population with the specific genomic or biomarker signature we have identified, the proximity of patients
to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for the trial, the design of the clinical trial, the size of the patient population required
for analysis of the trial s primary endpoints, the proximity of patients to study sites, our ability to recruit clinical trial
investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience, our ability to obtain and maintain patient consents, the risk that patients
enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the trials before completion, and competing clinical trials and clinicians and patients 
perceptions as to the potential advantages of the drug being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new drugs
that may be approved for the indications we are investigating. We will compete with other pharmaceutical companies for clinical sites,
physicians and the limited number of patients who fulfill the stringent requirements for participation in oncology clinical trials. Also,
due to the confidential nature of clinical trials, we do not know how many of the eligible patients may be enrolled in competing studies
and who are consequently not available to us for our clinical trials. Our clinical trials may be delayed or terminated due to the inability
to enroll enough patients. The delay or inability to meet planned patient enrollment may result in increased costs and delay or termination
of our trials, which could have a harmful effect on our ability to develop drugs. 

Delays
in clinical testing could result in increased costs to us and delay our ability to generate revenue. 

There
can be no assurance that the FDA or other regulatory authorities will accept our planned or future trial designs for our drug candidates.
We may experience delays in our clinical trials and we do not know whether planned clinical trials will begin on time, need to be redesigned,
enroll patients on time or be completed on schedule, if at all. Clinical trials can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including delays
related to: 

obtaining
 regulatory clearance to commence a trial; 

reaching
 agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations, or CROs, and clinical trial sites, the terms of which
 can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 

obtaining
 institutional review board, or IRB, approval at each site; 

recruiting
 suitable patients to participate in a trial; 

identifying
 clinical sites with adequate infrastructure (including data collection) to conduct the trial; 

clinical
 sites deviating from trial protocol or dropping out of a trial; 

addressing
 patient safety concerns that arise during the course of a trial; 

67 

having
 patients complete a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up; 

adding a sufficient number
 of clinical trial sites; or 

manufacturing sufficient
 quantities and quality of a drug candidate for use in clinical trials. 

We
may also experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to
receive marketing approval or commercialize our drug candidates, including: 

we may receive feedback
 from regulatory authorities that requires us to modify the design of our clinical trials; 

we may not have the ability
 to test patients for our clinical trials that require a specific genomic or biomarker signature in order to qualify for enrollment; 

clinical trials of our
 drug candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional
 clinical trials or abandon drug development programs; 

the number of patients
 required for clinical trials of our drug candidates may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment in these clinical trials may be
 slower than we anticipate or participants may drop out of these clinical trials at a higher rate than we anticipate; 

our third-party contractors
 may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all; 

the cost of clinical trials
 of our drug candidates may be greater than we anticipate; 

the supply or quality of
 our drug candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our drug candidates may be insufficient or inadequate; 

regulators may revise the
 requirements for approving our drug candidates, or such requirements may not be as we anticipate; and 

any future collaborators
 that conduct clinical trials may face any of the above issues, and may conduct clinical trials in ways they view as advantageous
 to themselves but that are suboptimal for us. 

If
we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our drug candidates beyond those that we currently contemplate,
if we are unable to successfully complete clinical trials of our drug candidates or other testing, if the results of these trials or
tests are not positive or are only modestly positive or if there are safety concerns, we may: 

incur unplanned costs; 

be delayed in obtaining
 marketing approval for our drug candidates or not obtain marketing approval at all; 

obtain marketing approval
 in some countries and not in others; 

obtain marketing approval
 for indications or patient populations that are not as broad as intended or desired; 

68 

obtain marketing approval
 with labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or safety warnings, including boxed warnings; 

be subject to additional
 post-marketing testing requirements; or 

have the drug removed from
 the market after obtaining marketing approval. 

Furthermore,
we rely and intend to rely in the future on CROs, cancer research centers and clinical trial sites to ensure the proper and timely conduct
of our clinical trials and we intend to have agreements governing their committed activities. They may not perform as required or we
may face competition from other clinical trials being conducted by other pharmaceutical companies. 

We
could encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, by the Institutional Review Board or IRB of the institutions
in which such trials are being conducted, by the Data Safety Monitoring Board, or DSMB, for such trial or by the FDA or other regulatory
authorities. Such authorities may impose such a suspension or termination due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the
clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial
site by the FDA or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side
effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a drug, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of
adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. 

Further,
conducting clinical trials in foreign countries, as we may do for our current and future drug candidates, presents additional risks that
may delay completion of our clinical trials. These risks include the failure of enrolled patients in foreign countries to adhere to clinical
protocol as a result of differences in healthcare services or cultural customs, managing additional administrative burdens associated
with foreign regulatory schemes, as well as political and economic risks relevant to such foreign countries. 

If
we experience delays in the completion of, or termination of, any clinical trial of our drug candidates, the commercial prospects of
our drug candidates will be harmed, and our ability to generate revenues from any of these drug candidates will be delayed. In addition,
any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow down our drug candidate development and approval process and
jeopardize our ability to commence drug sales and generate revenues. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition
and prospects significantly. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical
trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our drug candidates. 

Our
drug candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit
the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval, if any. 

Undesirable
side effects caused by our drug candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could
result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other comparable foreign authorities.
LP-184 and LP-284 have not yet been administered in patients. It is possible that there may be side effects associated with any of our
drug candidates. In such an event, we, the FDA, the IRBs at the institutions in which our studies are conducted, or the DSMB could suspend
or terminate our clinical trials or the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could order us to cease clinical trials or deny
approval of our drug candidates for any or all targeted indications. Treatment-related side effects could also affect patient recruitment
or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the clinical trial or result in potential product liability claims. In addition, these
side effects may not be appropriately recognized or managed by the treating medical staff. We expect to have to train medical personnel
using our drug candidates to understand the side effect profiles for our clinical trials and upon any commercialization of any of our
drug candidates. Inadequate training in recognizing or managing the potential side effects of our drug candidates could result in patient
injury or death. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 

69 

Additionally,
if one or more of our drug candidates receives marketing approval, and we or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by
such drugs, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 

regulatory authorities
 may withdraw approvals of such drugs; 

we may be required to recall
 a drug or change the way such a drug is administered to patients; 

additional restrictions
 may be imposed on the marketing or distribution of the particular drug or the manufacturing processes for the drug or any component
 thereof; 

regulatory authorities
 may require additional warnings on the label, such as a black box warning or contraindication; 

we may be required to implement
 Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies, or REMS, or create a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution
 to patients; 

we could be sued and held
 liable for harm caused to patients; 

our drug may become less
 competitive; and 

our reputation may suffer. 

Any
of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular drug candidate or for particular indications
of a drug candidate, if approved, and could significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. Our approach to the
discovery and development of drug candidates based on our RADR platform is innovative and in the early stages of development;
and we do not know whether we will be able to develop any drugs of commercial value. 

We
are leveraging our RADR platform in an attempt to create a pipeline of drug candidates using biomarker identification
and patient stratification for the development of oncology drugs. While we believe that applying our RADR platform to
drugs that have failed, been abandoned or otherwise failed to meet clinical endpoints and then developing a precision oncology approach
that identifies the mechanism of action, potential combination drug usage and potentially responsive patient population is a powerful
strategy, our approach is both innovative and in the early stages of development. Because our approach is both innovative and in the
early stages of development, the cost and time needed to develop our drug candidates is difficult to predict, and our efforts may not
result in the successful discovery and development of commercially viable medicines. We may also be incorrect about the effects of our
drug candidates on the diseases of our defined patient populations, which may limit the utility of our approach or the perception of
the utility of our approach. Furthermore, our estimates of our defined patient populations available for study and treatment may be lower
than expected, which could adversely affect our ability to conduct clinical trials and may also adversely affect the size of any market
for medicines we may successfully commercialize. Our approach may not result in time savings, higher success rates or reduced costs as
we expect it to, and if not, we may not attract collaborators or develop new drugs as quickly or cost effectively as expected and therefore
we may not be able to commercialize our approach as originally expected. 

70 

Our
RADR platform may fail to help us discover and develop additional potential drug candidates. 

Any
drug discovery or drug development that we are conducting using our RADR platform may not be successful in identifying
compounds that have commercial value or therapeutic utility. Our RADR platform may initially show promise in identifying
potential drug candidates, yet fail to yield viable drug candidates for clinical development or commercialization for a number of reasons,
including: 

research programs to identify
 new drug candidates will require substantial technical, financial and human resources, and we may be unsuccessful in our efforts
 to identify new drug candidates. If we are unable to identify suitable additional compounds for preclinical and clinical development,
 our ability to develop drug candidates and obtain product revenues in future periods could be compromised, which could result in
 significant harm to our financial position and adversely impact our stock price; 

compounds identified through
 our RADR platform may not demonstrate efficacy, safety or tolerability; 

the data available for
 our RADR platform that seeks to correlate genomic or biomarker signatures with certain cancers may be influenced
 by the race of the patient which may limit the efficacy of our drug candidates; 

potential drug candidates
 may, on further study, be shown to have harmful side effects or other characteristics that indicate that they are unlikely to receive
 marketing approval and achieve market acceptance; 

competitors may develop
 alternative therapies that render our potential drug candidates non-competitive or less attractive; or 

a potential drug candidate
 may not be capable of being produced at an acceptable cost. 

Any
failure by us to comply with existing regulations could harm our reputation and operating results. 

We
will be subject to extensive regulation by U.S. federal and state and foreign governments in each of the markets where we intend to sell
LP-300, LP-184, LP-284, and LP-100 if and after they are approved. For example, we will have to adhere to all regulatory requirements
including the FDA s current GCPs, Good Laboratory Practice, or GLP, and GMP requirements, or that of applicable foreign regulatory
authorities. If we fail to comply with applicable regulations, including FDA pre-or post- approval cGMP requirements, then the FDA or
other foreign regulatory authorities could sanction us. Even if a drug is FDA-approved, regulatory authorities may impose significant
restrictions on a drug s indicated uses or marketing or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly post-marketing studies. 

Any
action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses,
divert our management s attention from the operation of our business and damage our reputation. We will need to expend significant
resources on compliance efforts and such expenses are unpredictable and might adversely affect our results. 

The
FDA s and other regulatory authorities policies may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could
prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our drug candidates. For example, in December 2016, the 21st Century Cures Act, or Cures
Act, was signed into law. The Cures Act, among other things, is intended to modernize the regulation of drugs and spur innovation, but
its ultimate implementation is unclear. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new
requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have
obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability, which would adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and
results of operations. 

71 

In
addition, we cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative
or executive action, either in the United States or abroad. If future legislation or administrative or executive actions impose restrictions
on FDA s ability to engage in oversight and implementation activities in the normal course, our business may be negatively impacted.
In addition, if we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or
if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained and we may not achieve
or sustain profitability. 

We
may be subject to extensive regulations outside the United States and may not obtain marketing approvals for drugs in Europe and other
jurisdictions. 

In
addition to regulations in the United States, should we or our collaborators pursue marketing approvals for LP-300, LP-184, LP-284, LP-100
and our other drug candidates internationally, we and our collaborators will be subject to a variety of regulations in other jurisdictions
governing, among other things, clinical trials and any commercial sales and distribution of our drugs. Whether or not we, or our collaborators,
obtain applicable FDA regulatory clearance and marketing approval for a drug, we must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory
authorities in foreign countries prior to the commencement of clinical trials or marketing of the drug in those countries. The requirements
and process governing the conduct of clinical trials, drug licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. 

Subject
to obtaining necessary clinical data, we intend to pursue marketing approvals for LP-300, LP-184, LP-284, LP-00 and our other drug candidates
in Europe and other jurisdictions outside the United States with collaborative partners. The time and process required to obtain regulatory
approvals and reimbursement in Europe and other jurisdictions may be different from those in the United States regulatory and approval
in one jurisdiction does not ensure approvals in any other jurisdiction; however, negative regulatory decisions in any jurisdiction may
have a negative impact on the regulatory process in other jurisdictions. 

Additionally,
June 23, 2023 will mark seven years since the people of the United Kingdom voted in a referendum to leave the European Union, commonly
referred to as Brexit. Today, the United Kingdom is outside the European Union and mostly no longer subject to its rules. Significant
portions of the regulatory framework in the United Kingdom have been derived from European Union directives and regulations and the impacts
from Brexit could materially impact the regulatory regime with respect to the approval of our drug candidates in the United Kingdom or
the European Union. Any delay in obtaining, or an inability to obtain, any marketing approvals, as a result of Brexit or otherwise, would
prevent us from commercializing our drug candidates in the United Kingdom and/or the European Union and restrict our ability to generate
revenue and achieve and sustain profitability. If any of these outcomes occur, we may be forced to restrict or delay efforts to seek
regulatory approval in the United Kingdom and/or European Union for our drug candidates, which could materially and adversely affect
our business. 

72 

If
we are found in violation of federal or state fraud and abuse laws, we may be required to pay a penalty and/or be suspended
from participation in federal or state health care programs, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

In
the United States, we will be subject to various federal and state health care fraud and abuse laws, including anti-kickback
laws, false claims laws and other laws intended to reduce fraud and abuse in federal and state health care programs, which could affect
us, particularly upon successful commercialization of our drugs in the United States. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute makes it illegal
for any person, including a prescription drug manufacturer (or a party acting on its behalf), to knowingly and willfully solicit, receive,
offer or pay any remuneration that is intended to induce the referral of business, including the purchase, order or prescription of a
particular drug for which payment may be made under a federal health care program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. Under federal government
regulations, some arrangements, known as safe harbors, are deemed not to violate the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. Although we seek
to structure our business arrangements in compliance with all applicable requirements, these laws are broadly written, and it is often
difficult to determine precisely how the law will be applied in specific circumstances. Accordingly, it is possible that our practices
may be challenged under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. False claims laws prohibit anyone from knowingly and willfully presenting
or causing to be presented for payment to third-party payers, including government payers, claims for reimbursed drugs or services that
are false or fraudulent, claims for items or services that were not provided as claimed, or claims for medically unnecessary items or
services. Cases have been brought under false claims laws alleging that off-label promotion of pharmaceutical drugs or the provision
of kickbacks has resulted in the submission of false claims to governmental health care programs. Under the Health Insurance Portability
and Accountability Act of 1996, we are prohibited from knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any health care benefit
program, including private payers, or knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially
false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for health care benefits, items or services.
Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including fines and/or exclusion or suspension
from federal and state health care programs such as Medicare and Medicaid and debarment from contracting with the U.S. government. In
addition, private individuals have the ability to bring actions on behalf of the government under the federal False Claims Act as well
as under the false claims laws of several states. 

Many
states have adopted laws similar to the federal anti-kickback statute, some of which apply to the referral of patients for health care
services reimbursed by any source, not just governmental payers. Neither the government nor the courts have provided definitive guidance
on the application of fraud and abuse laws to our business. Law enforcement authorities are increasingly focused on enforcing these laws,
and if we are found in violation of one of these laws, we could be required to pay a penalty and could be suspended or excluded from
participation in federal or state health care programs, and our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely
affected. We may be unable to maintain sufficient clinical trial liability insurance. 

Our
inability to obtain and retain sufficient clinical trial liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential liability
claims could prevent or inhibit our ability to conduct clinical trials for drug candidates we develop. 

We
have secured clinical trial liability insurance coverage regarding our clinical trial of LP-300 and will be securing clinical trial liability
insurance coverage before commencing patient enrollment for our planned clinical trials for LP-184 and LP-284 and other future clinical
trials. Any claim that may be brought against us could result in a court judgment or settlement in an amount that is not covered, in
whole or in part, by our insurance or that is in excess of the limits of our insurance coverage. We expect we will supplement our clinical
trial coverage with product liability coverage in connection with the potential commercial launch of our drug candidates; however, we
may be unable to obtain such increased coverage on acceptable terms or at all. If we are found liable in a clinical trial lawsuit or
a product liability lawsuit in the future, we will have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed
our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay
such amounts. 

73 

The
FDA and other regulatory agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. 

If
we are found to have improperly promoted off-label uses of our drugs or drug candidates, if approved, we may become subject to significant
liability. Such enforcement has become more common in the industry. The FDA and other regulatory agencies strictly regulate the promotional
claims that may be made about prescription drug products, such as our drug candidates, if approved. In particular, a drug may not be
promoted for uses that are not approved by the FDA or such other regulatory agencies as reflected in the drug s approved labeling.
If we receive marketing approval for our drug candidates for our proposed indications, physicians may nevertheless use our drugs for
their patients in a manner that is inconsistent with the approved label, if the physicians personally believe in their professional medical
judgment it could be used in such manner. However, if we are found to have promoted our drugs for any off-label uses, the federal government
could levy civil, criminal and/or administrative penalties, and seek fines against us. The FDA or other regulatory authorities could
also request that we enter into a consent decree or a corporate integrity agreement, or seek a permanent injunction against us under
which specified promotional conduct is monitored, changed or curtailed. If we cannot successfully manage the promotion of our drug candidates,
if approved, we could become subject to significant liability, which would materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

We
may not experience a faster development or regulatory review or approval process with potential Fast Track designation. 

If
a drug is intended for the treatment of a serious condition and nonclinical or clinical data demonstrate the potential to address unmet
medical need for this condition, a drug sponsor may apply for FDA Fast Track designation. If we seek Fast Track designation for a drug
candidate, we may not receive it from the FDA. However, even if we receive Fast Track designation, Fast Track designation does not ensure
that we will receive marketing approval or that approval will be granted within any particular timeframe. We may not experience a faster
development or regulatory review or approval process with Fast Track designation compared to conventional FDA procedures. In addition,
the FDA may withdraw Fast Track designation if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development
program. Fast Track designation alone does not guarantee qualification for the FDA s priority review procedures. 

Risks
Related to Commercialization of Our Drug Candidates 

Even
if we are successful in completing all preclinical studies and clinical trials, we may not be successful in commercializing one or more
of our drug candidates. 

Even
if we complete the necessary preclinical studies and clinical trials, the marketing approval process is expensive, time-consuming and
uncertain and may prevent us from obtaining approvals for the commercialization of some or all of our drug candidates. If we are not
able to obtain, or if there are delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals, we will not be able to commercialize our drug candidates,
and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired. 

Our
drug candidates and the activities associated with their development and commercialization, including their design, testing, manufacture,
safety, efficacy, recordkeeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale and distribution, export and import are subject
to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory agencies in the United States and by the EMA and similar regulatory authorities
outside of the United States. Failure to obtain marketing approval for a drug candidate will prevent us from commercializing the drug
candidate. We have not submitted an application for or received marketing approval for any of our drug candidates in the United States
or in any other jurisdiction. 

74 

We
have only limited experience in filing and supporting the applications necessary to gain marketing approvals and expect to rely on third-party
clinical research organizations or other third-party consultants or vendors to assist us in this process. Securing marketing approval
requires the submission of extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to regulatory authorities for each therapeutic
indication to establish the drug candidate s safety and efficacy. Securing marketing approval also requires the submission of information
about the drug manufacturing process to, and inspection of manufacturing facilities by, the regulatory authorities. Our drug candidates
may not be effective, may be only moderately effective or may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other
characteristics that may preclude our obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use. New cancer drugs frequently are
indicated only for patient populations that have not responded to an existing therapy or have relapsed. If any of our drug candidates
receives marketing approval, the accompanying label may limit the approved use of our drug in this way, which could limit sales of the
drug. 

The
process of obtaining marketing approvals, both in the United States and abroad, is expensive, may take many years, if approval is obtained
at all, and can vary substantially based upon a variety of factors, including the type, complexity and novelty of the drug candidates
involved. Changes in marketing approval policies during the development period, changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or
regulations, or changes in regulatory review for each submitted drug application, may cause delays in the approval or rejection of an
application. Regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may
decide that our data is insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other studies. In addition, varying
interpretations of the data obtained from preclinical studies and clinical trials could delay, limit or prevent marketing approval of
a drug candidate. Any marketing approval we ultimately obtain may be limited or subject to restrictions or post-approval commitments
that render the approved drug not commercially viable. 

If
our drugs do not gain market acceptance, our business will suffer because we might not be able to fund future operations. 

A
number of factors may affect the market acceptance of our drugs or any other products we develop or acquire, including, among others: 

the price of our drugs
 relative to other products for the same or similar treatments; 

the perception by patients,
 physicians and other members of the health care community of the effectiveness and safety of our drugs for their indicated applications
 and treatments; 

our ability to fund our
 sales and marketing efforts; and 

the effectiveness of our
 sales and marketing efforts. 

If
our drugs do not gain market acceptance, we may not be able to fund future operations, including developing, testing and obtaining regulatory
approval for new drug candidates and expanding our sales and marketing efforts for our approved drugs, which would cause our business
to suffer. 

We
may rely on orphan drug status to commercialize some of our drug candidates, and even if orphan drug status is approved, such approval
may not confer marketing exclusivity or other commercial advantages or expected commercial benefits. 

We
may rely on orphan drug exclusivity for our drug candidates. In the United States, orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial
incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages and user-fee waivers. In addition, if
a drug that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA marketing approval for the disease for which it has such
designation, the drug is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan drug exclusivity in the United States provides that the FDA may
not approve any other applications, including a full NDA, to market the same drug for the same indication for seven years, and except
in limited circumstances the applicable exclusivity period is ten years in Europe. The European exclusivity period can be reduced to
six years if a drug no longer meets the criteria for orphan drug designation or if the drug is sufficiently profitable so that market
exclusivity is no longer justified. 

75 

Even
if we, or any future collaborators, obtain orphan drug designation for a drug candidate, we, or they, may not be able to obtain or maintain
orphan drug exclusivity for that drug candidate. We may not be the first to obtain marketing approval of any drug candidate for which
we have obtained orphan drug designation for the orphan-designated indication due to the uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical
products, and it is possible that another company also holding orphan drug designation for the same drug candidate will receive marketing
approval for the same indication before we do. If that were to happen, our applications for that indication may not be approved until
the competing company s period of exclusivity expires. In addition, exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be limited
if we seek approval for an indication broader than the orphan-designated indication or may be lost if the FDA later determines that the
request for designation was materially defective or if we are unable to assure sufficient quantities of the drug to meet the needs of
patients with the rare disease or condition. Further, even if we, or any future collaborators, obtain orphan drug exclusivity for a drug,
that exclusivity may not effectively protect the drug from competition because different drugs with different active moieties may be
approved for the same condition. Even after an orphan drug is approved, the FDA can subsequently approve the same drug with the same
active moiety for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the later drug is clinically superior in that it is shown to be safer,
more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care or the manufacturer of the drug with orphan exclusivity is unable to maintain
sufficient drug quantity. Orphan drug designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a drug nor gives
the drug any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process, nor does it prevent competitors from obtaining approval of the same
drug candidate as ours for indications other than those in which we have been granted orphan drug designation. 

On
August 3, 2017, the U.S. Congress passed the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017, or FDARA. FDARA, among other things, codified the FDA s
preexisting regulatory interpretation, to require that a drug sponsor demonstrate the clinical superiority of an orphan drug that is
otherwise the same as a previously approved drug for the same rare disease in order to receive orphan drug exclusivity. The legislation
reverses prior precedent holding that the Orphan Drug Act unambiguously requires that the FDA recognize the orphan exclusivity period
regardless of a showing of clinical superiority. Congress or the FDA may further reevaluate the Orphan Drug Act and its regulations and
policies. We do not know if, when or how congress or the FDA may change the orphan drug regulations and policies in the future, and it
is uncertain how any changes might affect our business. Depending on what changes congress or the FDA may make to orphan drug regulations
and policies, our business could be adversely impacted. 

A
Breakthrough Therapy designation by the FDA for our drug candidates may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval
process, and it does not increase the likelihood that our drug candidates will receive marketing approval. 

We
may seek a breakthrough therapy designation for some of our drug candidates. A breakthrough therapy is defined as a drug that is intended,
alone or in combination with one or more other drugs, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical
evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant
endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. For drugs and biologics that have been designated
as breakthrough therapies, interaction and communication between the FDA and the sponsor of the trial can help to identify the most efficient
path for clinical development while minimizing the number of patients placed in ineffective control regimens. Drugs designated as breakthrough
therapies by the FDA are also eligible for accelerated approval. 

76 

Designation
as a breakthrough therapy is within the discretion of the FDA. Accordingly, even if we believe one of our drug candidates meets the criteria
for designation as a breakthrough therapy, the FDA may disagree and instead determine not to make such designation. Even if we receive
Breakthrough Therapy designation, the receipt of such designation for a drug candidate may not result in a faster development process,
review or approval compared to drugs considered for approval under conventional FDA procedures and does not assure ultimate approval
by the FDA. In addition, even if one or more of our drug candidates qualify as breakthrough therapies, the FDA may later decide that
the drugs no longer meet the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. 

A
Fast Track designation by the FDA may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process. 

We
may seek Fast Track designation for some of our drug candidates. If a drug is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening
condition and the drug demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for this condition, the drug sponsor may apply for FDA
Fast Track designation. The FDA has broad discretion whether or not to grant this designation, so even if we believe a particular drug
candidate is eligible for this designation, we cannot assure you that the FDA would decide to grant it. Even if we do receive Fast Track
designation, we may not experience a faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. The FDA
may withdraw Fast Track designation if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development
program. 

Failure
to obtain marketing approval in foreign jurisdictions would prevent our drug candidates from being marketed abroad. 

In
order to market and sell our drugs in the European Union and many other foreign jurisdictions, we or our potential third-party collaborators
must obtain separate marketing approvals and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements. The approval procedure varies
among countries and can involve additional testing. The time required to obtain approval may differ substantially from that required
to obtain FDA marketing approval. The regulatory approval process outside of the United States generally includes all of the risks associated
with obtaining FDA approval. In addition, in many countries outside of the United States, it is required that the drug be approved for
reimbursement before the drug can be approved for sale in that country. We or our potential third-party collaborators may not obtain
approvals from regulatory authorities outside of the United States on a timely basis, if at all. Approval by the FDA does not ensure
approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval by one regulatory authority outside of the United
States does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions or by the FDA. However, a failure or delay
in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may have a negative effect on the regulatory process in other countries. We may not be
able to file for marketing approvals and may not receive necessary approvals to commercialize our drugs in any market. 

If
we are required by the FDA to obtain approval of a companion diagnostic in connection with approval of a therapeutic drug candidate,
and we do not obtain or face delays in obtaining FDA approval of a diagnostic device, we will not be able to commercialize the drug candidate
and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired. 

According
to FDA guidance, if the FDA determines that a companion diagnostic device is essential to the safe and effective use of a novel therapeutic
drug or indication, the FDA generally will not approve the therapeutic drug or new therapeutic drug indication if the companion diagnostic
is not also approved or cleared for that indication. Under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, companion diagnostics are
regulated as medical devices, and the FDA has generally required companion diagnostics intended to select the patients who will respond
to cancer treatment to obtain Premarket Approval, or a PMA, for the diagnostic. The PMA process, including the gathering of clinical
and preclinical data and the submission to and review by the FDA, involves a rigorous premarket review during which the applicant must
prepare and provide the FDA with reasonable assurance of the device s safety and effectiveness and information about the device
and its components regarding, among other things, device design, manufacturing and labeling. A PMA is not guaranteed and may take considerable
time, and the FDA may ultimately respond to a PMA submission with a not approvable determination based on deficiencies
in the application and require additional clinical trial or other data that may be expensive and time-consuming to generate and that
can substantially delay approval. As a result, if we are required by the FDA to obtain approval of a companion diagnostic for a therapeutic
drug candidate, and we do not obtain or there are delays in obtaining FDA approval of a diagnostic device, we may not be able to commercialize
the drug candidate on a timely basis or at all and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired. 

77 

While
it is possible that one or more of our drug candidates may require a companion diagnostic to select the patients who will likely respond
to a cancer therapy involving one of our drug candidates that would require a PMA for the companion diagnostic as a condition to obtaining
marketing approval from the FDA, it is too early in our drug candidates development to identify which drug candidate, if any, would require
a PMA. 

Any
drug candidate that we obtain marketing approval for could be subject to post-marketing restrictions or withdrawal from the market and
we may be subject to substantial penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated problems
with our drugs, when and if any of them are approved. 

Any
drug candidate for which we obtain marketing approval, along with the manufacturing processes, post-approval clinical data, labeling,
advertising and promotional activities for such drug, will be subject to continual requirements of and review by the FDA and other regulatory
authorities. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration and listing
requirements, cGMP requirements relating to manufacturing, quality control, quality assurance and corresponding maintenance of records
and documents, requirements regarding the distribution of samples to physicians and recordkeeping. Even if marketing approval of a drug
candidate is granted, the approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the drug may be marketed or to the conditions
of approval, including the requirement to implement a REMS. New cancer drugs frequently are indicated only for patient populations that
have not responded to an existing therapy or have relapsed. If any of our drug candidates receives marketing approval, the accompanying
label may limit the approved use of our drug in this way, which could limit sales of the drug. 

The
FDA may also impose requirements for costly post-marketing studies or clinical trials and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy
of the drug, including the adoption and implementation of REMS. The FDA and other agencies, including the Department of Justice, or the
DOJ, closely regulate and monitor the post-approval marketing and promotion of drugs to ensure they are marketed and distributed only
for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. The FDA and DOJ impose stringent restrictions
on manufacturers communications regarding off-label use, and if we do not market our drugs for their approved indications, we
may be subject to enforcement action for off-label marketing. Violations of the FDCA and other statutes, including the False Claims Act,
relating to the promotion and advertising of prescription drugs may lead to investigations and enforcement actions alleging violations
of federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, as well as state consumer protection laws. 

In
addition, later discovery of previously unknown adverse events or other problems with our drugs, manufacturers or manufacturing processes,
or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may have various consequences, including: 

restrictions on such drugs,
 manufacturers or manufacturing processes; 

restrictions and warnings
 on the labeling or marketing of a drug; 

restrictions on drug distribution
 or use; 

requirements to conduct
 post-marketing studies or clinical trials; 

warning letters or untitled
 letters; 

78 

withdrawal of the drugs
 from the market; 

refusal to approve pending
 applications or supplements to approved applications that we submit; 

recall of drugs; 

fines, restitution or disgorgement
 of profits or revenues; 

suspension or withdrawal
 of marketing approvals; 

damage to relationships
 with any potential collaborators; 

unfavorable press coverage
 and damage to our reputation; 

refusal to permit the import
 or export of our drugs; 

drug seizure; 

injunctions or the imposition
 of civil or criminal penalties; or 

litigation involving patients
 using our drugs. 

Non-compliance
with European Union requirements regarding safety monitoring or pharmacovigilance, and with requirements related to the development of
drugs for the pediatric population, can also result in significant financial penalties. Similarly, failure to comply with the European
Union s requirements regarding the protection of personal information can also lead to significant penalties and sanctions. 

In
addition, manufacturers of approved drugs and those manufacturers facilities are required to comply with extensive FDA requirements,
including ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to cGMPs applicable to drug manufacturers or quality assurance
standards applicable to medical device manufacturers, which include requirements relating to quality control and quality assurance as
well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation and reporting requirements. We, any contract manufacturers we may
engage in the future, our future collaborators and their contract manufacturers will also be subject to other regulatory requirements,
including submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration and listing requirements, requirements
regarding the distribution of samples to clinicians, recordkeeping, and costly post-marketing studies or clinical trials and surveillance
to monitor the safety or efficacy of the drug such as the requirement to implement a REMS. 

We
operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing industry . 

Biotechnological
and pharmaceutical drug development is highly competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological advancements. Our success
is highly dependent upon our ability to in-license, acquire, develop and obtain regulatory approval for new and innovative drugs on a
cost-effective basis and to market them successfully. In doing so, we face and will continue to face intense competition from a variety
of businesses, including large, fully integrated, well-established pharmaceutical companies who already possess a large share of the
market, specialty pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies, academic institutions, government agencies and other private and public
research institutions in the United States, the European Union and other jurisdictions. 

79 

Many
of the companies against which we are competing or against which we may compete in the future have significantly greater financial resources
and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals
and marketing approved drugs than we do. These third parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management
personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary
to, or necessary for, our programs. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries could result in even
more resources being concentrated among a small number of our competitors. 

Competition
may further increase as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for
investment in these industries. Our competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing, on an exclusive basis, drugs that
are more effective or less costly than any drug candidate that we may develop. 

Established
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies may invest heavily to accelerate discovery and development of novel compounds or to in-license
novel compounds that could make our drug candidates less competitive. In addition, any new drug that competes with an approved drug must
demonstrate compelling advantages in efficacy, convenience, tolerability and safety in order to overcome price competition and to be
commercially successful. Accordingly, our competitors may succeed in obtaining patent protection, discovering, developing, receiving
FDA approval for or commercializing drugs before we do, which would have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 

The
availability of our competitors drugs could limit the demand and the price we are able to charge for any drug candidate we commercialize,
if any. The inability to compete with existing or subsequently introduced drugs would harm our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

If
we are unable to develop satisfactory sales and marketing capabilities, we may not succeed in commercializing LP-300, LP-184, LP-284,
LP-100 or any other drug candidate . 

We
have no experience in marketing and selling drug products. We have not entered into arrangements for the sale and marketing of LP-300,
LP-184, LP-284, LP-100 or any other drug candidate. Typically, pharmaceutical companies would employ groups of sales representatives
and associated sales and marketing staff numbering in the hundreds to thousands of individuals to call on this large number of physicians
and hospitals. We may seek to collaborate with a third party to market our drugs or may seek to market and sell our drugs by ourselves.
If we seek to collaborate with a third party, we cannot be sure that a collaborative agreement can be reached on terms acceptable to
us. If we seek to market and sell our drugs directly, we will need to hire additional personnel skilled in marketing and sales. We cannot
be sure that we will be able to acquire, or establish third party relationships to provide, any or all of these marketing and sales capabilities.
The establishment of a direct sales force or a contract sales force or a combination direct and contract sales force to market our drugs
will be expensive and time-consuming and could delay any drug launch. Further, we can give no assurances that we may be able to maintain
a direct and/or contract sales force for any period of time or that our sales efforts will be sufficient to generate or to grow our revenues
or that our sales efforts will ever lead to profits. 

Even
if we obtain regulatory approvals to commercialize LP-300, LP-184, LP-284 , LP-100 or our other drug candidates, our drug
candidates may not be accepted by physicians or the medical community in general. 

There
can be no assurance that LP-300, LP-184, LP-284, LP-100 and our other drug candidates or any other drug candidate successfully developed
by us, independently or with partners, will be accepted by physicians, hospitals and other health care facilities. LP-300, LP-184, LP-284,
LP-100 and any future drug candidates we develop will compete with a number of drugs manufactured and marketed by major pharmaceutical
and biotech companies. The degree of market acceptance of any drugs we develop depends on a number of factors, including: 

our demonstration of the
 clinical efficacy and safety of LP-300, LP-184, LP-284, LP-100 and our other drug candidates; 

80 

timing of market approval
 and commercial launch of LP-300, LP-184, LP-284, LP-100 and our other drug candidates; 

the clinical indication(s)
 for which LP-300, LP-184, LP-284, LP-100 and our other drug candidates are approved; 

drug label and package
 insert requirements; 

advantages and disadvantages
 of our drug candidates compared to existing 

continued interest in and
 growth of the market for anticancer or anti-agitation drugs; 

strength of sales, marketing,
 and distribution support; 

drug pricing in absolute
 terms and relative to alternative treatments; 

future changes in health
 care laws, regulations, and medical policies; and 

availability of reimbursement
 codes and coverage in select jurisdictions, and future changes to reimbursement policies of government and third-party payors. 

Significant
uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any drug candidate for which we obtain regulatory approval. In the
United States and markets in other countries, sales of any drugs for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend
in part on the availability of reimbursement from third-party payors. Third-party payors include government health administrative authorities,
managed care providers, private health insurers and other organizations. 

Healthcare
reform measures could hinder or prevent our drug candidates commercial success. 

The
U.S. government and other governments have shown significant interest in pursuing healthcare reform. Any government-adopted reform measures
could adversely impact the pricing of healthcare drugs and services in the United States or internationally and the amount of reimbursement
available from governmental agencies or other third-party payors. The continuing efforts of the U.S. and foreign governments, insurance
companies, managed care organizations and other payors of health care services to contain or reduce health care costs may adversely affect
our ability to set prices for our drugs which we believe are fair, and our ability to generate revenues and achieve and maintain profitability. 

In
the United States, some states have implemented, and other states are considering, pharmaceutical price controls or patient access constraints
under their Medicaid program. There have also been recent state legislative efforts that have generally focused on increasing transparency
around drug costs or limiting drug prices. In addition, the growth of large managed care organizations and prescription benefit managers,
as well as the prevalence of generic substitution, has hindered price increases for prescription drugs. Continued intense public scrutiny
of the price of drugs, together with government and payor dynamics, may limit the ability of producers and marketers to set or adjust
the price of products based on their value. Outside the United States, numerous major markets, including the EU, Japan and China, have
pervasive government involvement in funding healthcare, and, in that regard, fix the pricing and reimbursement of pharmaceutical products.
Consequently, our products generating will be subject to increasing government decision-making and budgetary actions. There can be no
assurance that new or proposed products will be considered cost-effective or that adequate third-party reimbursement will be available
to enable the producer or marketer of such product to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return. 

81 

New
laws, regulations and judicial decisions, or new interpretations of existing laws, regulations and decisions, that relate to healthcare
availability, methods of delivery or payment for products and services, or sales, marketing or pricing, may limit our potential revenue,
and we may need to revise our research and development programs. The pricing and reimbursement environment may change in the future and
become more challenging due to several reasons, including policies advanced by the current executive administration in the United States,
new healthcare legislation or fiscal challenges faced by government health administration authorities. Specifically, in both the United
States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the health care system
in ways that could affect our ability to sell our drugs profitably. 

For
example, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, or the PPACA
has substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both government health plans and private insurers, and significantly impacts
the pharmaceutical industry. The PPACA contains a number of provisions that are expected to impact our business and operations in ways
that may negatively affect our potential revenues in the future. For example, the PPACA imposes a non-deductible excise tax on pharmaceutical
manufacturers or importers that sell branded prescription drugs to government programs which we believe will increase the cost of our
drugs. In addition, as part of the PPACA s provisions closing a funding gap that currently exists in the Medicare Part D prescription
drug program, we will be required to provide a discount on branded prescription drugs equal to 50 of the government-negotiated price,
for drugs provided to certain beneficiaries who fall within the donut hole. Similarly, PPACA increases the level of Medicaid rebates
payable by manufacturers of brand-name drugs from 15.1 to 23.1 and requires collection of rebates for drugs paid by Medicaid managed
care organizations. The PPACA also includes significant changes to the 340B drug discount program including expansion of the list of
eligible covered entities that may purchase drugs under the program. At the same time, the expansion in eligibility for health insurance
benefits created under PPACA is expected to increase the number of patients with insurance coverage who may receive our drugs. While
it is too early to predict all the specific effects the PPACA or any future healthcare reform legislation will have on our business,
they could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

Congress
periodically adopts legislation like the PPACA and the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003, that modifies
Medicare reimbursement and coverage policies pertaining to prescription drugs. Implementation of these laws is subject to ongoing revision
through regulatory and sub regulatory policies. Congress also may consider additional changes to Medicare policies, potentially including
Medicare prescription drug policies, as part of ongoing budget negotiations. While the scope of any such legislation is uncertain at
this time, there can be no assurances that future legislation or regulations will not decrease the coverage and price that we may receive
for our proposed drugs. Other third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services. It
will be time consuming and expensive for us to go through the process of seeking coverage and reimbursement from Medicare and private
payors. Our proposed drugs may not be considered cost-effective, and coverage and reimbursement may not be available or sufficient to
allow us to sell our proposed drugs on a profitable basis. Further federal and state proposals and health care reforms are likely which
could limit the prices that can be charged for the drug candidates that we develop and may further limit our commercial opportunities.
Our results of operations could be materially adversely affected by proposed healthcare reforms, by the Medicare prescription drug coverage
legislation, by the possible effect of such current or future legislation on amounts that private insurers will pay and by other health
care reforms that may be enacted or adopted in the future. 

In
September 2007, the Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007 was enacted, giving the FDA enhanced post-marketing authority,
including the authority to require post-marketing studies and clinical trials, labeling changes based on new safety information, and
compliance with risk evaluations and mitigation strategies approved by the FDA. The FDA s exercise of this authority could result
in delays or increased costs during drug development, clinical trials and regulatory review, increased costs to assure compliance with
post-approval regulatory requirements, and potential restrictions on the sale and/or distribution of approved drugs. 

82 

Our
relationships with healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors will be subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse,
false claims, transparency, health information privacy and security, and other healthcare laws and regulations, which, in the event of
a violation, could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens and
diminished profits and future earnings. 

Healthcare
providers, physicians and third-party payors will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any drug candidates for
which we obtain marketing approval. Our future arrangements with healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors may expose us
to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements
and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute any drugs for which we obtain marketing approval. In addition, we may
be subject to transparency laws and patient privacy regulation by U.S. federal and state governments and by governments in foreign jurisdictions
in which we conduct our business. Restrictions under applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations include the following: 

the federal Anti-Kickback
 Statute prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration,
 directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the
 purchase, order or recommendation or arranging of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare
 program such as Medicare and Medicaid; 

the federal False Claims
 Act imposes criminal and civil penalties, including through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities
 for, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, false or fraudulent claims for payment by a federal healthcare
 program or making a false statement or record material to payment of a false claim or avoiding, decreasing or concealing an obligation
 to pay money to the federal government, with potential liability including mandatory treble damages and significant per-claim penalties; 

the federal Health Insurance
 Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme to defraud any
 healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 

HIPAA, as amended by the
 Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, and their respective implementing regulations, also imposes
 obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually
 identifiable health information; 

the federal Physician Payments
 Sunshine Act requires applicable manufacturers of covered drugs to report payments and other transfers of value to physicians and
 teaching hospitals; and 

analogous state and foreign
 laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws and transparency statutes, may apply to sales or marketing
 arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private
 insurers. 

Some
state laws require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the
relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government and may require drug manufacturers to report information related to
payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures. Additionally, some state
and local laws require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives in the jurisdiction. State and foreign laws also govern
the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often
are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

83 

Efforts
to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve
substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current
or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations
are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant
civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment, exclusion of drugs from government funded healthcare programs,
such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers
or entities with whom we expect to do business is found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal,
civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from participation in government funded healthcare programs. 

Recently
enacted and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our drug
candidates and affect the prices we may obtain for any drugs that are approved in the United States or foreign jurisdictions. 

In
the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes
regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of our drug candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval
activities and affect our ability to profitably sell any drug candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. The pharmaceutical industry
has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by legislative initiatives. Current laws, as well as
other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward
pressure on the price that we receive for any FDA approved drug. 

In
the United States, the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, or the MMA, changed the way Medicare covers
and pays for pharmaceutical products. The legislation expanded Medicare coverage for drug purchases by the elderly and introduced a new
reimbursement methodology based on average sales prices for physician-administered drugs. In addition, this legislation provided authority
for limiting the number of drugs that will be covered in any therapeutic class. Cost reduction initiatives and other provisions of this
legislation could decrease the coverage and price that we receive for any approved drugs. While the MMA applies only to drug benefits
for Medicare beneficiaries, private payors often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement
rates. Therefore, any reduction in reimbursement that results from the MMA may result in a similar reduction in payments from private
payors. 

In
March 2010, President Obama signed into law the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education
Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively the ACA. Among the provisions of the ACA of potential importance to our business, including,
without limitation, our ability to commercialize and the prices we may obtain for any of our drug candidates that are approved for sale,
are the following: 

an annual, non-deductible
 fee on any entity that manufactures or imports specified branded prescription drugs and biologic agents; 

an increase in the statutory
 minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program; 

expansion of healthcare
 fraud and abuse laws, including the civil False Claims Act and the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, new government investigative powers
 and enhanced penalties for noncompliance; 

a new Medicare Part D coverage
 gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50 (and 70 starting January 1, 2019) point-of-sale discounts off
 negotiated prices; 

extension of manufacturers 
 Medicaid rebate liability; 

84 

expansion of eligibility
 criteria for Medicaid programs; 

expansion of the entities
 eligible for discounts under the Public Health Service pharmaceutical pricing program; 

new requirements to report
 certain financial arrangements with physicians and teaching hospitals; 

a new requirement to annually
 report drug samples that manufacturers and distributors provide to physicians; and 

a new Patient-Centered
 Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with
 funding for such research. 

In
addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. These changes include the Budget Control
Act of 2011, which, among other things, led to aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year that
started in 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will stay in effect through 2027 unless additional congressional
action is taken, and the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several types
of providers and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five
years. These new laws may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding and otherwise affect the prices we
may obtain for any of our drug candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval or the frequency with which any such drug candidate
is prescribed or used. Further, there have been several recent U.S. congressional inquiries and proposed state and federal legislation
designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient
programs, reduce the costs of drugs under Medicare and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. 

We
expect that these healthcare reforms, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in additional
reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, more rigorous coverage criteria, new payment methodologies and additional downward
pressure on the price that we receive for any approved drug and/or the level of reimbursement physicians receive for administering any
approved drug we might bring to market. Reductions in reimbursement levels may negatively impact the prices we receive or the frequency
with which our drugs are prescribed or administered. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result
in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. 

The
costs of prescription pharmaceuticals have also been the subject of considerable discussion in the United States, and members of Congress
have stated that they will address such costs through new legislative and administrative measures. To date, there have been several recent
U.S. congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted state and federal legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency
to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, reduce the costs of drugs under Medicare
and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. While any proposed measures will require authorization through
additional legislation to become effective, Congress has indicated that it will continue to seek new legislative and/or administrative
measures to control drug costs. At the state level, legislatures are increasingly passing legislation and implementing regulations designed
to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions
on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation
from other countries and bulk purchasing. 

85 

Legislative
and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical
products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations
will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our drug candidates, if any, may be. Increased scrutiny
by the U.S. Congress of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us
to more stringent product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. 

Governments
outside of the United States tend to impose strict price controls, which may adversely affect our revenues, if any. 

In
some countries, particularly the countries of the European Union and Canada, the pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to
governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after the receipt
of marketing approval for a drug. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical
trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of our drug candidate to other available therapies. In the European Union, a member state
may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability
of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. If reimbursement of our drugs is unavailable or limited in scope or amount,
or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, our business could be harmed, possibly materially. Historically, products launched in
the European Union do not follow price structures of the United States and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. 

If
we or any third-party manufacturers or contractors we engage now or in the future fail to comply with environmental, health and safety
laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs or liabilities that could harm our business. 

We
and third-party manufacturers we engage now are, and any third-party manufacturers we may engage in the future will be, subject to numerous
environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage,
treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Our operations, including work conducted through third-party manufacturers
or contractors, involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials. Our operations also
produce hazardous waste products. We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot
eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of
hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. Liability under
certain environmental laws governing the release and cleanup of hazardous materials is joint and several and could be imposed without
regard to fault. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties or become subject to injunctions
limiting or prohibiting our activities for failure to comply with such laws and regulations. 

Although
we maintain general liability insurance as well as workers compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur
due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against
potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us
in connection with our, or our contractors, storage or disposal of biological, hazardous or radioactive materials. 

In
addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations.
These current or future laws and regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. Our failure to comply with these
laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 

86 

Further,
with respect to the operations of our current and any future third-party contract manufacturers or other contractors, it is possible
that if they fail to operate in compliance with applicable environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or properly dispose
of wastes associated with our drugs, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, suffer reputational harm or experience a disruption
in the manufacture and supply of our drug candidates or drugs. In addition, our supply chain may be adversely impacted if any of our
third-party contract manufacturers become subject to injunctions or other sanctions as a result of their non-compliance with environmental,
health and safety laws and regulations. 

We
may experience challenges with the acquisition, development, enhancement or deployment of technology necessary for our RADR 
 platform. 

We
operate in businesses that require sophisticated computer systems and software for data collection, data processing, cloud-based platforms,
analytics, statistical projections and forecasting, mobile computing, social media analytics and other applications and technologies.
We seek, in part, to address our technology risks by increasing our reliance on the use of innovations by cross-industry technology leaders
and adapting these for our applicable needs and applications. Some of the technologies supporting our industry are changing rapidly and
we must continue to adapt to these changes in a timely and effective manner at an acceptable cost. We also must continue to obtain and
utilize data to in forms that are easy to use while simultaneously providing clear answers to complex questions. There can be no guarantee
that we will be able to develop, acquire or integrate new technologies, that these new technologies will meet our needs or achieve our
expected goals, or that we will be able to do so as quickly or cost-effectively as our competitors. Significant technological change
could render our RADR platform obsolete. Our continued success will depend on our ability to adapt to changing technologies,
manage and process ever-increasing amounts of data and information and improve the performance, features and reliability of our platform
and capabilities in response to changing internal and industry demands. We may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the
successful design, development, testing, and introduction of advanced versions of our RADR platform, limiting our ability
to identify new drug candidates. New services, or enhancements to existing services using our RADR platform, may not
adequately meet our requirements. Any of these failures could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 

Risks
Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 

We
rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully perform their
contractual legal and regulatory duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize
our drug candidates and our business could be substantially harmed. 

We
have relied upon and plan to continue to rely upon third-party medical institutions, clinical investigators, contract laboratories and
other third party CROs to monitor and manage data for our ongoing preclinical and clinical programs. We also rely on these parties for
execution of our preclinical studies and clinical trials, and control only certain aspects of their activities. Nevertheless, we are
responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific
standards, and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and our CROs are required to comply
with cGCPs, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA, the Competent Authorities of the Member States of the European
Economic Area, or EEA, and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, for all of our drugs in clinical development. 

Regulatory
authorities enforce these cGCPs through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or any
of our CROs fail to comply with applicable cGCPs, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the
FDA, the EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing
applications. We cannot assure you that upon inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that
any of our clinical trials comply with cGCP regulations. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with product produced under
current good manufacturing practices, or cGMP, regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical
trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. 

87 

If
any of our relationships with these third-party CROs terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs or
to do so on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, our CROs are not our employees, and except for remedies available to us under
our agreements with such CROs, we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our on-going clinical, nonclinical
and preclinical programs. If CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if
they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to
our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated and
we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our drug candidates. As a result, our results of operations
and the commercial prospects for our drug candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could
be delayed. 

Many
of the third parties with whom we contract may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for
whom they may also be conducting clinical trials or other drug development activities that could harm our competitive position. If the
third parties conducting our GLP preclinical studies or our clinical trials do not perform their contractual duties or obligations, experience
work stoppages, do not meet expected deadlines, terminate their agreements with us or need to be replaced, or if the quality or accuracy
of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to their failure to adhere to our clinical trial protocols or to GCPs, or for any
other reason, we may need to enter into new arrangements with alternative third parties. Switching or adding additional CROs involves
additional cost and requires management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO commences work.
As a result, delays occur, which can materially impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. Though we carefully
manage our relationships with our CROs, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter similar challenges or delays in the future
or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects. 

We
are substantially dependent on third parties for the manufacture of our clinical supplies of our drug candidates, and we intend to rely
on third parties to produce commercial supplies of any approved drug candidate. Therefore, our development of our drugs could be stopped
or delayed, and our commercialization of any future drug could be stopped or delayed or made less profitable if third party manufacturers
fail to obtain approval of the FDA or comparable regulatory authorities or fail to provide us with drug products in sufficient quantities
or at acceptable prices. 

The
manufacture of pharmaceutical products is complex and requires significant expertise, capital investment, process controls and know-how.
Common difficulties in pharmaceutical manufacturing may include: sourcing and producing raw materials, transferring technology from chemistry
and development activities to production activities, validating initial production designs, scaling manufacturing techniques, improving
costs and yields, establishing and maintaining quality controls and stability requirements, eliminating contaminations and operator errors,
and maintaining compliance with regulatory requirements. We do not currently have nor do we plan to acquire the infrastructure or capability
internally in accordance with cGMP prescribed by the FDA or to produce an adequate supply of compounds to meet future requirements for
clinical trials and commercialization of our drugs. Drug manufacturing facilities are subject to inspection before the FDA will issue
an approval to market a new drug product, and all of the manufacturers that we intend to use must adhere to the cGMP regulations prescribed
by the FDA. 

We
expect therefore to rely on third-party manufacturers for clinical supplies of our drug candidates that we may develop. These third-party
manufacturers will be required to comply with current good manufacturing practices, or GMPs, and other applicable laws and regulations.
We will have no control over the ability of these third parties to comply with these requirements, or to maintain adequate quality control,
quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or any other applicable regulatory authorities do not approve the facilities of
these third parties for the manufacture of our other drug candidates or any drugs that we may successfully develop, or if it withdraws
any such approval, or if our suppliers or contract manufacturers decide they no longer want to supply or manufacture for us, we may need
to find alternative manufacturing facilities, in which case we might not be able to identify manufacturers for clinical or commercial
supply on acceptable terms, or at all. Any of these factors would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval
for or market our drug candidates and adversely affect our business. 

88 

We
and/or our third-party manufacturers may be adversely affected by developments outside of our control, and these developments may delay
or prevent further manufacturing of our drugs. Adverse developments may include labor disputes, resource constraints, shipment delays,
inventory shortages, lot failures, impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic or another epidemic or infectious disease outbreak, unexpected
sources of contamination, lawsuits related to our manufacturing techniques, equipment used during manufacturing, or composition of matter,
unstable political environments, acts of terrorism, war, natural disasters, and other natural and man-made disasters. If we or our third-party
manufacturers were to encounter any of the above difficulties, or otherwise fail to comply with contractual obligations, our ability
to provide any drug for clinical trial or commercial purposes would be jeopardized. This may increase the costs associated with completing
our clinical trials and commercial production. Further, production disruptions may cause us to terminate ongoing clinical trials and/or
commence new clinical trials at additional expense. We may also have to take inventory write-offs and incur other charges and expenses
for drugs that fail to meet specifications or pass safety inspections. If production difficulties cannot be solved with acceptable costs,
expenses, and timeframes, we may be forced to abandon our clinical development and commercialization plans, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and the value of our securities. 

We,
or third-party manufacturers on whom we rely, may be unable to successfully scale-up manufacturing of our drug candidates in sufficient
quality and quantity, which would delay or prevent us from developing our drug candidates and commercializing approved drugs, if any.

In
order to conduct clinical trials of our drug candidates and commercialize any approved drug candidates, we, or our manufacturers, will
need to manufacture them in large quantities. We, or our manufacturers, may be unable to successfully increase the manufacturing capacity
for any of our drug candidates in a timely or cost-effective manner, or at all. In addition, quality issues may arise during scale-up
activities. If we, or any of our manufacturers, are unable to successfully scale up the manufacture of our drug candidates in sufficient
quality and quantity, the development, testing, and clinical trials of that drug candidate may be delayed or infeasible, and regulatory
approval or commercial launch of any resulting drug may be delayed or not obtained, which could significantly harm our business. If we
are unable to obtain or maintain third-party manufacturing for commercial supply of our drug candidates, or to do so on commercially
reasonable terms, we may not be able to develop and commercialize our drug candidates successfully. 

Our
failure to find third party collaborators to assist or share in the costs of drug development could materially harm our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Our
strategy for the development and commercialization of our proprietary drug candidates may include the formation of collaborative arrangements
with third parties. Existing and future collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources they apply
and may not perform their obligations as expected. Potential third-party collaborators include biopharmaceutical, pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies, academic institutions and other entities. Third-party collaborators may assist us in: 

funding research, preclinical
 development, clinical trials and manufacturing; 

seeking and obtaining regulatory
 approvals; and 

successfully commercializing
 any future drug candidates. 

If
we are not able to establish further collaboration agreements, we may be required to undertake drug development and commercialization
at our own expense. Such an undertaking may limit the number of drug candidates that we will be able to develop, significantly increase
our capital requirements and place additional strain on our internal resources. Our failure to enter into additional collaborations could
materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

89 

In
addition, our dependence on licensing, collaboration and other agreements with third parties may subject us to a number of risks. These
agreements may not be on terms that prove favorable to us and may require us to relinquish certain rights in our drug candidates. To
the extent we agree to work exclusively with one collaborator in a given area, our opportunities to collaborate with other entities could
be curtailed. Lengthy negotiations with potential new collaborators may lead to delays in the research, development or commercialization
of drug candidates. The decision by our collaborators to pursue alternative technologies or the failure of our collaborators to develop
or commercialize successfully any drug candidate to which they have obtained rights from us could materially harm our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Cash
balances held at banking institutions are in excess of FDIC coverage. 

We maintain significant
amounts of cash and cash equivalents at one or more financial institutions that are in excess of federally insured limits. Interest bearing
and non-interest bearing accounts we hold at banking institutions are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC up to 250,000. Substantially all of our cash balances held at banking institutions are in excess of FDIC coverage. We consider this
to be a normal business risk. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

We
may face future business disruption and related risks resulting from the outbreak and continuation of the novel coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19)
or from another pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The
development of our drug candidates could be disrupted and materially adversely affected in the future by a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak
of an infectious disease like the outbreak of COVID-19. 

Measures
adopted to slow the spread of COVID-19 adversely affected workforces, customers, supply chains, consumer sentiment, economies, and
financial markets, and led to an economic downturn across many global economies. As of the date of this report, we believe we have effectively
managed the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations. The timing of non-clinical research studies for our drug candidates by
collaborators and service providers slowed during 2020 in connection with the pandemic. The timing of manufacturing for our LP-300 and
LP-184 candidates was impacted by supply chain delivery and COVID-related staffing issues, which extended the time to launch our planned
Phase II clinical trial for LP-300 and extended the time to commence IND enabling studies and commence Phase I clinical testing for LP-184.
COVID-related staffing shortages have also impacted large numbers of clinical trial sites in the U.S. In addition, Allarity Therapeutics
informed us that enrollment in the Phase II clinical trial for LP-100 slowed during the pandemic. While we believe we have been able
to manage the disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic to date, there can be no assurance that our operations, including the development
of our drug candidates, will not be disrupted and materially adversely affected in the future by the COVID-19 pandemic, or an epidemic
or outbreak of an infectious disease like the outbreak of COVID-19. 

The
continued impact of COVID-19 or the impact of another epidemic or infectious disease outbreak may result in the future inability of
our suppliers to deliver components or raw materials on a timely basis or materially and adversely affect our collaborators and
out-license partners ability to perform and advance preclinical studies and clinical trials. In addition, clinical sites and
hospitals have recently had staffing challenges and they may continue to have reduced staffing and reduce or postpone certain
treatments. Such events may result in a period of business and manufacturing disruption, the slowing of the enrollment for and
conduct of clinical trials, and in reduced operations, any of which could materially affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. The extent to which COVID-19 or another epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease impacts our business in
the future will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which
may emerge concerning new mutations or variants of the coronavirus, the severity of the coronavirus and the actions to contain the
coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. 

90 

We
will need to increase the size of our organization and the scope of our outside vendor relationships, and we may experience difficulties
in managing growth. 

As
of the date of this report, we employed a total of 22 full-time and one part-time employees. Our current internal departments include
research and development, finance and administration. We intend to expand our management team to include an operation ramp up of additional
scientific development and technical staff required to achieve our business objectives. We also intend to expand our managerial, operational,
technical and scientific, financial and other resources in order to manage our operations and clinical trials, continue our research
and development activities, and advance our drug candidates towards commercializations. Our management and scientific personnel, systems
and facilities currently in place may not be adequate to support our future growth. 

Our
need to effectively manage our operations, growth and various projects requires that we: 

manage our clinical trials
 effectively, including our existing and planned clinical trials; 

manage our internal development
 efforts effectively while carrying out our contractual obligations to licensors, contractors and other third parties; 

continue to improve our
 operational, financial and management controls and reporting systems and procedures; and 

attract and retain sufficient
 numbers of talented employees. 

We
are utilizing and expect in the future to utilize the services of vendors and research partners or collaborators to perform tasks including
preclinical studies and clinical trial management, statistics and analysis, regulatory affairs, medical advisory, market research, formulation
development, chemistry, manufacturing and control activities, other drug development functions, legal, auditing, financial advisory,
and investor relations. Our growth strategy may also entail expanding our group of contractors or consultants to implement these and
other tasks going forward. Because we rely on numerous consultants to outsource many key functions of our business, we will need to be
able to effectively manage these consultants to ensure that they successfully carry out their contractual obligations and meet expected
deadlines. However, if we are unable to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality or accuracy of the services provided
by consultants is compromised for any reason, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain
regulatory approval for our drug candidate or otherwise advance our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage
our existing consultants or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, or at all. If
we are not able to effectively expand our organization by hiring new employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors,
we may be unable to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop and commercialize our drug candidates and, accordingly,
may not achieve our research, development and commercialization goals. 

We
depend on our senior management team, and the loss of one or more of our executive officers or key employees or an inability to attract
and retain highly skilled employees could adversely affect our business. 

Our
success depends largely upon the continued services of Panna Sharma, our Chief Executive Officer, President and Director. We do not maintain
 key person insurance for Mr. Sharma or any of our other key employees. We also rely on employees in the areas of research
and development, artificial intelligence and machine learning services and general and administrative functions, some of which are in
the US on H-1B work visas. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management and employees resulting from the hiring
or departure of executives or other key employees or the expiration or termination of H-1B work visas, which could disrupt our business.
The replacement of one or more of our executive officers or other key employees would likely involve significant time and costs and may
significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives. 

91 

To
continue to execute our growth strategy, we also must attract and retain highly skilled personnel. We might not be successful in maintaining
our unique culture and continuing to attract and retain qualified personnel. We have from time to time in the past experienced, and we
expect to continue to experience in the future, difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled personnel with appropriate qualifications.
The pool of qualified personnel with experience in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and genomics, or experience working with
the pharma market is limited overall. In addition, many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater
resources than we have. 

In
addition, in making employment decisions, particularly in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, job candidates often consider
the value of the stock options or other equity instruments they are to receive in connection with their employment. Volatility in the
price of our stock might, therefore, adversely affect our ability to attract or retain highly skilled personnel. Furthermore, the requirement
to expense stock options and other equity instruments might discourage us from granting the size or type of stock option or equity awards
that job candidates require to join our company. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel,
our business and future growth prospects could be severely harmed. 

Our
employees may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements and
insider trading. 

We
are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other misconduct. Misconduct by employees could include intentional failures to comply with
any regulations applicable to us, to provide accurate information to regulatory authorities, to comply with manufacturing standards we
have established, to comply with federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations, or to report financial information
or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare
industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive
practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission,
customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Employee misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained
in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. We have adopted a Code
of Business Conduct, but it is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and
prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risk. If our employees engage in any such misconduct,
we could face criminal penalties, fines, revocation of regulatory approvals and harm to our reputation, any of which could form a material
adverse effect on our business. 

Business
interruptions could adversely affect future operations, revenues, and financial conditions, and may increase our costs and expenses.

Our
operations, and those of our directors, advisors, contractors, consultants, CROs, and collaborators, could be adversely affected by earthquakes,
floods, hurricanes, typhoons, extreme weather conditions, fires, water shortages, power failures, business systems failures, medical
epidemics and other natural and man-made disaster or business interruptions. Our phones, electronic devices and computer systems and
those of our directors, advisors, contractors, consultants, CROs, and collaborators are vulnerable to damages, theft and accidental loss,
negligence, unauthorized access, terrorism, war, electronic and telecommunications failures, and other natural and man-made disasters.
Operating as a company where many employees have and are working remotely, our employees conduct business outside of our headquarters
and leased or owned facilities. These locations may be subject to additional security and other risk factors due to the limited control
of our employees. If such an event as described above were to occur in the future, it may cause interruptions in our operations, delay
research and development programs, clinical trials, regulatory activities, manufacturing and quality assurance activities, sales and
marketing activities, hiring, training of employees and persons within associated third parties, and other business activities. For example,
the loss of clinical trial data from completed or future clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and
significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. 

92 

Likewise,
we will rely on third parties to manufacture LP-300, LP-184, LP-284 and LP-100 and conduct clinical trials, and similar events as those
described in the prior paragraph relating to their business systems, equipment and facilities could also have a material adverse effect
on our business. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications,
or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development and commercialization
of our drug candidates could be delayed or altogether terminated. 

Disruptions
to our information technology systems, including future cyber-attacks and security breaches, and the costs of maintaining secure and
effective information technology systems could negatively affect our business and results of operations. 

The
efficient operation of our businesses is highly dependent on computer hardware and software systems, including our customized information
technology systems that form our RADR platform. Information systems are vulnerable to security breaches by computer hackers
and cyber terrorists. We rely on industry accepted security measures and technology to securely maintain confidential and proprietary
information maintained on our information systems, and continue to invest in maintaining and upgrading these systems and applications
to ensure risk is controlled. Regardless of our efforts to maintain and upgrade our cyber security systems, there can be no assurance
that we will not suffer an intrusion, that unauthorized parties will not gain access to confidential or personal information, or that
any such incident will be discovered promptly. The techniques used by criminals to obtain unauthorized access to sensitive data change
frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, and we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement
adequate preventative measures. The failure to promptly detect, determine the extent of and appropriately respond to a significant data
security breach could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the
unavailability of the information systems or failure of these systems to perform as anticipated for any reason, including a major disaster
or business interruption resulting in an inability to access data stored in these systems or sustain the data center systems necessary
to support functions to meet our needs, and any inability to respond to, or recover from, such an event, could disrupt our business and
could result in decreased performance and increased overhead costs, causing our business and results of operations to suffer. 

Additionally,
our operations involve the receipt and storage of sensitive data, including personal information about our employees and proprietary
business information of ours and our vendors. We may also share information with vendors that assist us in conducting our business, as
required by law, with the permission of the individual or as permitted under applicable privacy policies. 

Despite
the utilization of information security measures, we cannot be certain that all of our IT systems or the IT systems of our vendors are
or will be able to prevent, contain or detect any future cyber-attacks or security breaches from known malware, malware that may be developed
in the future or otherwise. Cyber-attacks are rapidly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated and difficult to detect, and therefore,
we may be unable to anticipate these attacks or implement adequate preventive measures. Additionally, unauthorized parties may attempt
to gain access to our or a vendor s systems or facilities through fraud, trickery or other forms of deception involving our employees
or vendors. To the extent that any attack or breach results in the loss, damage or misappropriation of information, we may be adversely
affected by claims from persons participating in our clinical trials, stockholders and others and by costly inquiries or enforcement
actions on the part of regulatory authorities. Our operations could also be significantly disrupted by these claims, as well as by the
need to spend significant time and expense to upgrade, fix or replace our systems. We could also lose credibility with persons participating
in our clinical trials and suffer damage to our reputation and future sales, if any. In addition, the cost of complying with stricter
privacy and information security laws and standards and developing, maintaining and upgrading technology systems to address future advances
in technology, could be significant and we could experience problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded
systems and technology or with maintenance or adequate support of existing systems. 

93 

Our
failure to successfully acquire, develop and market additional drug candidates could impair our ability to grow. 

As
part of our growth strategy, we may evaluate, acquire, license, develop and/or market additional drug candidates and technologies. Our
internal research capabilities are limited and we may be dependent upon pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies, academic scientists
and other researchers to sell or license drug candidates or technologies to us. The success of this strategy depends partly upon our
ability to identify, select and acquire promising pharmaceutical drug candidates and technologies. The process of proposing, negotiating
and implementing a license or acquisition of a drug candidate is lengthy and complex. Other companies, including some with substantially
greater financial, marketing and sales resources, may compete with us for the license or acquisition of drug candidates and technologies.
We have limited resources to identify and execute the acquisition or in-licensing of potential drug candidates and technologies and to
integrate them into our current infrastructure. Moreover, we may devote resources to potential acquisitions or in-licensing opportunities
that are never completed, or we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such efforts. Furthermore, we may not be able to acquire
the rights to additional drug candidates on terms that we find acceptable, or at all. 

In
addition, future acquisitions of intellectual property rights may entail numerous operational and financial risks, including: 

exposure to unknown liabilities; 

disruption of our business
 and diversion of our management s and technical personnel s time and attention to develop acquired drug candidates or
 technologies; 

incurrence of substantial
 debt or dilutive issuances of securities to pay for acquisition costs; 

higher than expected acquisition
 costs; and 

increased amortization
 expenses. 

Any
drug candidate that we acquire may require additional development efforts prior to commercial sale or out-licensing, including extensive
clinical testing and approval by the FDA and applicable foreign regulatory authorities. All drug candidates are prone to risks of failure
typical of pharmaceutical drug development, including the possibility that a drug candidate will not be shown to be sufficiently safe
and effective for approval by regulatory authorities. In addition, we cannot provide assurance that any drugs that we may develop or
approved drugs that we may acquire will be manufactured profitably or achieve market acceptance. 

We
have obtained statistical data, market data and other industry data and forecasts used throughout this report from market research, publicly
available information and industry publications which we believe are reliable but have not been verified by any third party. 

This
report contains estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our business and the markets for our drug candidates,
including data regarding the estimated size of such markets and the incidence of certain medical conditions. We obtained the industry,
market and similar data set forth in this report from our internal estimates and research and from academic and industry research, publications,
surveys and studies conducted by third parties, including governmental agencies. In some cases, we do not expressly refer to the sources
from which this data is derived. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies
is inherently subject to uncertainties, and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances that are
assumed in this information. While we believe our internal research is reliable, such research has not been verified by any third party. 

94 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property 

If
we do not obtain patent term extension for any drug candidates we may develop, our business may be materially harmed. 

In
the United States, depending upon the timing, duration, and specifics of any FDA marketing approval of a drug candidate, the patent term
of a patent that covers an FDA-approved drug may be eligible for limited patent term extension, which permits patent term restoration
as compensation for the patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. The Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration
Act of 1984, also known as the Hatch-Waxman Act, permits a patent term extension of up to five years beyond the expiration of the patent.
The length of the patent term extension is related to the length of time the drug is under regulatory review. Patent term extension cannot
extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of drug approval, and only one patent applicable to an
approved drug may be extended and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it, or a method for manufacturing
it may be extended. Similar provisions are available in Europe and other non-United States jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent
that covers an approved drug. While, in the future, if and when our drug candidates receive FDA approval, we expect to apply for patent
term extensions on patents directed to those drug candidates, there is no guarantee that the applicable authorities will agree with our
assessment of whether such extensions should be granted, and even if granted, the length of such extensions. We may not be granted an
extension because of, for example, failing to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failing to
apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of the relevant patents, or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable
requirements. If we are unable to obtain any patent term extension or the term of any such extension is less than we request, our competitors
may obtain approval of competing drugs following the expiration of our patent rights, and our business, financial condition, results
of operations, and prospects could be materially harmed. 

Changes
to patent laws in the United States and other jurisdictions could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability
to protect our drugs. 

Changes
in either the patent laws or interpretation of patent laws in the United States, including patent reform legislation such as the Leahy-Smith
America Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our owned and
in-licensed patent applications and the maintenance, enforcement or defense of our owned and in-licensed issued patents. The Leahy-Smith
Act includes a number of significant changes to United States patent law. These changes include provisions that affect the way patent
applications are prosecuted, redefine prior art, provide more efficient and cost-effective avenues for competitors to challenge the validity
of patents, and enable third-party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to attack
the validity of a patent at USPTO-administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter parties review, and derivation
proceedings. Assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, prior to March 2013, in the United States, the first to invent
the claimed invention was entitled to the patent, while outside the United States, the first to file a patent application was entitled
to the patent. 

After
March 2013, under the Leahy-Smith Act, the United States transitioned to a first-to-file system in which, assuming that the other statutory
requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application will be entitled to the patent on an invention
regardless of whether a third party was the first to invent the claimed invention. As such, the Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation
could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our
issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

95 

In
addition, the patent positions of companies in the development and commercialization of biologics and pharmaceuticals are particularly
uncertain. Recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened
the rights of patent owners in certain situations. This combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the validity and
enforceability of patents once obtained. Depending on future actions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO, the laws
and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that could have a material adverse effect on our patent rights and
our ability to protect, defend and enforce our patent rights in the future. 

We
or our licensors may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patent or other intellectual property rights, which could
be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful. 

Competitors
and other third parties may infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate our or our licensor s issued patents or other intellectual
property. As a result, we or our licensors may need to file infringement, misappropriation or other intellectual property related claims,
which can be expensive and time-consuming. Any claims we assert against perceived infringers could provoke such parties to assert counterclaims
against us alleging that we infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their intellectual property. In addition, in a patent infringement
proceeding, such parties could counterclaim that the patents we or our licensors have asserted are invalid or unenforceable. In patent
litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity
challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness, or non-enablement.
Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant
information from the USPTO, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. Third parties may institute such claims before administrative
bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include re-examination, post-grant review,
inter parties review, interference proceedings, derivation proceedings, and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions (e.g., opposition
proceedings). 

An
adverse result in any such proceeding could put one or more of our owned or in-licensed patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted
narrowly, and could put any of our owned or in-licensed patent applications at risk of not yielding an issued patent. A court may also
refuse to stop the third party from using the technology at issue in a proceeding on the grounds that our owned or in-licensed patents
do not cover such technology. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property
litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information or trade secrets could be compromised by disclosure during this
type of litigation. Any of the foregoing could allow such third parties to develop and commercialize competing technologies and products
and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

Third
parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating their intellectual property
rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 

Our
commercial success depends upon our ability, and the ability of our collaborators, to develop, manufacture, market and sell our drug
candidates and use our proprietary technologies without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property
and proprietary rights of third parties. There is considerable patent and other intellectual property litigation in the pharmaceutical
and biotechnology industries. We may become party to, or threatened with, adversarial proceedings or litigation regarding intellectual
property rights with respect to our technology and drug candidates, including interference proceedings, post grant review, inter parties
review, and derivation proceedings before the USPTO and similar proceedings in foreign jurisdictions such as oppositions before the European
Patent Office. 

96 

The
legal threshold for initiating litigation or contested proceedings is low, so that even lawsuits or proceedings with a low probability
of success might be initiated and require significant resources to defend. Litigation and contested proceedings can also be expensive
and time-consuming, and our adversaries in these proceedings may have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to prosecuting
these legal actions than we can. The risks of being involved in such litigation and proceedings may increase if and as our drug candidates
near commercialization and as we gain the greater visibility associated with being a public company. Third parties may assert infringement
claims against us based on existing patents or patents that may be granted in the future, regardless of merit. We may not be aware of
all such intellectual property rights potentially relating to our technology and drug candidates and their uses. Thus, we do not know
with certainty that our technology and drug candidates, or our development and commercialization thereof, do not and will not infringe,
misappropriate or otherwise violate any third party s intellectual property. 

Even
if we believe that third party intellectual property claims are without merit, there is no assurance that a court would find in our favor
on questions of misappropriation, infringement, validity, enforceability, or priority. A court of competent jurisdiction could hold these
third-party patents are valid, enforceable, and infringed, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to commercialize any
technology or drug candidate covered by the asserted third-party patents. In order to successfully challenge the validity of any such
U.S. patent in federal court, we would need to overcome a presumption of validity. As this burden is a high one requiring us to present
clear and convincing evidence as to the invalidity of any such U.S. patent claim, there is no assurance that a court of competent jurisdiction
would invalidate the claims of any such U.S. patent. 

If
we are found to infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate a third party s intellectual property rights, we could be required
to obtain a license from such third party to continue developing, manufacturing and marketing our technology and drug candidates. However,
we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license,
it could be non-exclusive; thereby giving our competitors and other third parties access to the same technologies licensed to us and
could require us to make substantial licensing and royalty payments. We could be forced, including by court order, to cease developing,
manufacturing and commercializing the infringing technology or drug. In addition, we could be found liable for significant monetary damages,
including treble damages and attorneys fees, if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent or other intellectual property
right and could be forced to indemnify our collaborators or others. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our
drug candidates or force us to cease some of our business operations, which could materially harm our business. In addition, we may be
forced to redesign, modify or reposition our drug candidates, seek new regulatory approvals and indemnify third parties pursuant to contractual
agreements. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

Intellectual
property litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property could cause us to spend substantial resources and distract
our personnel from their normal responsibilities. 

Even
if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant
expenses, and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public
announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors
perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Such litigation or
proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future
sales, marketing or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings
adequately. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because
of their greater financial resources and may also have an advantage in such proceedings due to their more mature and developed intellectual
property portfolios. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of intellectual property litigation or other proceedings
could compromise our ability to compete in the marketplace. 

97 

Obtaining
and maintaining patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements
imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 

Periodic
maintenance, renewal and annuity fees and various other government fees on any issued patent and pending patent application must be paid
to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages or annually over the lifetime of our owned and in-licensed patents and patent
applications. The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary,
fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. In certain circumstances, we rely on our licensing partners
to pay these fees to, or comply with the procedural and documentary rules of, the relevant patent agency. With respect to our patents,
we rely on an annuity service to remind us of the due dates and to make payment after we instruct them to do so. While an inadvertent
lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations
in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss
of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Non-compliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent
application include failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly
legalize and submit formal documents. In such an event, potential competitors might be able to enter the market with similar or identical
products or technology. If we or our licensors fail to maintain the patents and patent applications directed to our drug candidates,
it would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

If
we fail to comply with our obligations in our intellectual property licenses and funding arrangements with third parties, we could lose
rights that are important to our business. 

We
are party to license and funding agreements that impose, and we may enter into additional licensing and funding arrangements with third
parties that may impose, diligence, development and commercialization timelines, milestone payment, royalty, insurance and other obligations
on us. Under our existing licensing and funding agreements, we are obligated to pay certain specified milestone payments and royalties
on net drug sales of drug candidates or related technologies to the extent they are covered by the agreements. If we fail to comply with
such obligations under current or future license and funding agreements, our counterparties may have the right to terminate these agreements
or require us to grant them certain rights. Such an occurrence could materially adversely affect the value of any drug candidate being
developed under any such agreement. For example, under the AF Agreement, we are required to use commercially reasonable efforts to research,
develop and commercialize LP-184. If we fail to meet the foregoing obligation, then, under certain circumstances, AF may terminate the
AF Agreement and may exercise the exclusive, sub-licensable and worldwide license we granted AF in and to certain of our intellectual
property to develop and commercialize LP-184. Termination of these agreements or reduction or elimination of our rights under these agreements
may result in our having to negotiate new or reinstated agreements with less favorable terms, or cause us to lose our rights under these
agreements, including our rights to important intellectual property or technology, which would have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

98 

Additionally,
these and other license agreements may not provide exclusive rights to use the licensed intellectual property and technology in all relevant
fields of use and in all territories in which we may wish to develop or commercialize our technology and drugs in the future. As a result,
we may not be able to prevent competitors from developing and commercializing competitive products and technology in fields of use and
territories not included in such agreements. In addition, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing, prosecution,
maintenance, enforcement, and defense of patents and patent applications directed to the technology that we license from third parties.
Therefore, we cannot be certain that these patents and patent applications will be prepared, filed, prosecuted, maintained, and defended
in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. If our licensors fail to prosecute, maintain, enforce, and defend such
patents, or lose rights to those patents or patent applications, the rights we have licensed may be reduced or eliminated, and our right
to develop and commercialize any of our drugs that are the subject of such licensed rights could be adversely affected. 

We
may need to obtain additional licenses from others to advance our research or allow commercialization of our drug candidates. It is possible
that we may be unable to obtain additional licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all, or such licenses may be non-exclusive.
The licensing or acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and several more established companies
may pursue strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive or necessary. These
established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, capital resources and greater clinical development
and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license
rights to us. We also may be unable to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights on terms that would allow us to make
an appropriate return on our investment or at all. 

If
we are unable to obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property rights or maintain the existing intellectual property rights
we have, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to redesign our technology, drug candidates, or the methods for
manufacturing them or to develop or license replacement technology, all of which may not be feasible on a technical or commercial basis.
If we are unable to do so, we may be unable to develop or commercialize the affected technology and drug candidates, which could harm
our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects significantly. 

Disputes
may arise regarding intellectual property subject to a licensing agreement, including: 

the scope of rights granted
 under the license agreement and other interpretation related issues; 

the extent to which our
 technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement; 

the sublicensing of patent
 and other rights under our collaborative development relationships; 

our diligence obligations
 under the license agreement and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; 

the inventorship and ownership
 of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners;
 and 

the priority of invention
 of patented technology. 

In
addition, the agreements under which we currently license intellectual property or technology from third parties are complex, and certain
provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement
that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or increase
what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property that
we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on commercially acceptable terms, we may
be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected technology and drug candidates, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects. 

99 

Our
licensors may have relied on third-party consultants or collaborators or on funds from third parties such that our licensors are not
the sole and exclusive owners of the patents and patent applications we in-licensed. If other third parties have ownership rights to
our in-licensed patents, they may be able to license such patents to our competitors, and our competitors could market competing products
and technology. This could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations,
and prospects. 

In
spite of our best efforts, our licensors might conclude that we have materially breached our license agreements and might therefore terminate
the license agreements, thereby removing our ability to develop and commercialize drug candidates and technology covered by these license
agreements. If these in-licenses are terminated, or if the underlying intellectual property fails to provide the intended exclusivity,
competitors would have the freedom to seek regulatory approval of, and to market, products and technologies identical to ours. This could
have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects. 

We
may not be able to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights throughout the world. 

Filing,
prosecuting, and defending patents on drug candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and the
laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Consequently, we may not be
able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing
products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions
where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to
territories where we have patent protection or licenses but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products
may compete with our products, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them
from competing. 

Many
companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The
legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets,
and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to pharmaceutical products, which could make it difficult for
us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our intellectual property and proprietary
rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial
costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or
interpreted narrowly, could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against
us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful.
Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant
commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 

Many
countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In addition,
many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent
owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of such patent. If we or any of our licensors are forced to
grant a license to third parties with respect to any patents relevant to our business, our competitive position may be impaired, and
our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects may be adversely affected. 

100 

We
may be subject to claims by third parties asserting that our employees, consultants, contractors or advisors have wrongfully used or
disclosed alleged trade secrets of their current or former employers or claims asserting we have misappropriated their intellectual property,
or claiming ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. 

Many
of our employees, consultants, contractors and advisors were previously employed, or may currently be employed, at universities or other
pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees,
contractors and advisors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims
that these individuals or we have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information,
of any such individual s current or former employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. 

In
addition, while it is our policy to require our employees, consultants, contractors and advisors who may be involved in the development
of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an
agreement with each party who in fact develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. Our intellectual property assignment
agreements with them may not be self-executing or may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend
claims they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. Such claims could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects. 

If
we fail in prosecuting or defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property
rights or personnel, which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive business position and prospects. Such intellectual
property rights could be awarded to a third party, and we could be required to obtain a license from such third party to commercialize
our technology or products, which license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or such license may be non-exclusive.
Even if we are successful in prosecuting or defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction
to our management and employees. 

In
addition to seeking patents for some of our technology and drug candidates, we also rely on trade secrets and confidentiality agreements
relating to the development of our RADR platform to protect our unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary
information, in order to maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary technology, in
part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, corporate
collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, contract research organizations, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other
third parties. We also enter into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees and consultants. We
cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that may have or has had access to our trade secrets or proprietary
technology. Despite these efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including
our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Detecting the disclosure or misappropriation
of a trade secret and enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and
time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside of the United States are less willing or
unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor
or other third party, we would have no right to prevent them, or those to whom they communicate it, from using that technology or information
to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor or other third party,
our competitive position would be materially and adversely harmed. 

Intellectual
property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats. 

The
degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations
and may not adequately protect our business or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. For example: 

our RADR platform
 is not protected by any issued patents, and we may not be able to obtain, develop, acquire or in-license any patentable technologies
 or other intellectual property related to such platform; 

101 

we, or our license partners
 or current or future collaborators, might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patent or pending
 patent applications that we license or may own in the future; 

we, or our license partners
 or current or future collaborators, might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our or their inventions; 

others may independently
 develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our owned or in-licensed intellectual
 property rights; 

it is possible that our
 owned and in-licensed pending patent applications or those we may own or in-license in the future will not lead to issued patents; 

issued patents that we
 hold rights to may be held invalid or unenforceable, including as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; 

our competitors might conduct
 research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such
 activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; 

we may not develop additional
 proprietary technologies that are patentable; 

the patents of others may
 harm our business; and 

we may choose not to file
 a patent in order to maintain certain trade secrets or know-how, and a third party may subsequently file a patent covering such intellectual
 property. 

Should
any of these events occur, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and
prospects. 

Risks
Related to Owning our Common Stock 

Our
stock price has been volatile and thinly traded which may impair your ability to sell your shares. 

Our
common stock has traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market since June 11, 2020. From June 12, 2020 through March 1, 2023, our common stock
has been relatively thinly traded, with an average daily trading volume of approximately 67,952 shares and prices ranging from a low
of 4.19 to a high of 24.84 per share. There can be no assurance that the market for our common shares will become more liquid.
The stock market in general, and shares of early stage public companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume
fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of such companies. If we are unable to
increase the trading volume for our common shares, you may not be able to sell your common shares at prices you consider to be fair
or at times that are convenient for you, or at all. 

102 

Shares
eligible for future sale may adversely affect the market for our common stock . 

As
of the date of this report, virtually all of our outstanding shares are freely tradeable without restriction or are available for sale
pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act. The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number
of shares of our common stock in the market or the perception that these sales could occur. Such sales or offerings could lower the market
price for our common stock and may make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that
we deem appropriate. We may in the future sell additional shares of our common stock or equity-linked securities to raise capital. A
substantial number of shares of our common stock could be registered and issued. Furthermore, there are substantial amounts of vested
stock options which are in the money which could be exercised and sold in public markets. We continue to expect to issue
stock options as part of compensation. There may be further effect on our stock price upon the vesting and settlement of restricted stock
units and performance units. We cannot predict the size of future issuances or the effect, if any, that they may have on the market price
for our common stock. The issuance and sale of substantial amounts of common stock or equity-linked securities, or the perception that
such issuances and sales may occur, could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital
through the sale of additional equity or equity-linked securities. Additional dilution may also result as a consequence of shares of
common stock sold pursuant to potential future offerings as well as if outstanding options to acquire shares of our common stock are
exercised. 

The
price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially. 

You
should consider an investment in our common stock to be risky, and you should invest in our common stock only if you can withstand a
significant loss and wide fluctuations in the market value of your investment. Some factors that may cause the market price of our common
stock to fluctuate, in addition to the other risks mentioned in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this report,
are: 

sale of our common stock
 by our stockholders, executives, and directors; 

volatility and limitations
 in trading volumes of our shares of common stock; 

our ability to obtain financings
 to conduct and complete research and development activities including, but not limited to, our proposed clinical trials, and other
 business activities; 

possible delays in the
 expected recognition of revenue due to lengthy and sometimes unpredictable product development and sales timelines; 

the timing and success
 of introductions of new technologies, therapeutic approaches, product candidates and product marketing applications by us or our
 competitors or any other change in the competitive dynamics of our industry, including consolidation among competitors, customers
 or strategic partners; 

network outages or security
 breaches; 

the lack of market acceptance
 and sales growth for our drug candidates, if any, that receive marketing approval; 

our ability to secure resources
 and the necessary personnel to conduct clinical trials on our desired schedule; 

commencement, enrollment
 or results of our clinical trials for our drug candidates or any future clinical trials we may conduct; 

changes in the development
 status of our drug candidates; 

any delays or adverse developments
 or perceived adverse developments with respect to the FDA s review of our planned preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

any delay in our submission
 for studies or drug approvals or adverse regulatory decisions, including failure to receive regulatory approval for our drug candidates; 

unanticipated safety concerns
 related to the use of our drug candidates; 

103 

failures to meet external
 expectations or management guidance; 

changes in our capital
 structure or dividend policy, future issuances of securities, sales of large blocks of common stock by our stockholders; 

our cash position; 

announcements and events
 surrounding financing efforts, including debt and equity securities; 

our inability to enter
 into new markets or develop new drugs; 

reputational issues; 

competition from existing
 technologies and drugs or new technologies and drugs that may emerge; 

announcements of acquisitions,
 partnerships, collaborations, joint ventures, new drugs, capital commitments, or other events by us or our competitors; 

changes in general economic,
 political and market conditions in any of the regions in which we conduct our business; 

changes in industry conditions
 or perceptions; 

changes in valuations of
 similar companies or groups of companies; 

analyst research reports,
 recommendations and changes in recommendations, price targets, and withdrawals of coverage; 

departures and additions
 of key personnel; 

disputes and litigations
 related to intellectual properties, proprietary rights, and contractual obligations; 

changes in applicable laws,
 rules, regulations, or accounting practices and other dynamics; and 

other events or factors,
 many of which may be out of our control. 

In
addition, if the market for stocks in our industry or industries related to our industry, or the stock market in general, experiences
a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition
and results of operations. If any of the foregoing occurs, it could cause our stock price to fall and may expose us to lawsuits that,
even if unsuccessful, could be costly to defend and a distraction to management. 

We
have broad discretion in the use of our financial resources and may not use them effectively. 

Our
management has broad discretion in the application of our financial resources. Because of the number and variability of factors that
determine our use of our financial resources, their ultimate use may vary substantially from their currently intended use. Our management
may not apply our financial resources in ways that ultimately increase the value of any investment in our securities or enhance stockholder
value. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively could harm our business. We have invested and may in the future
invest our cash in interest-bearing securities. These investments may not yield a favorable return to our stockholders. If we do not
invest or apply our cash in ways that enhance stockholder value, we may fail to achieve expected financial results, which may result
in a decline in the price of our shares of common stock, and, therefore, may negatively impact our ability to raise capital, invest in
or expand our business, acquire additional drugs or licenses, commercialize our drugs, or continue our operations. 

104 

We
may acquire other companies or technologies, which could divert our management s attention, result in dilution to our stockholders
and otherwise disrupt our operations and adversely affect our operating results. 

We
may in the future seek to acquire or invest in businesses, product applications and services or technologies that we believe could complement
or expand our existing product candidates and business, enhance our technical capabilities or otherwise offer growth opportunities. The
pursuit of potential acquisitions may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating
and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not they are consummated. 

In
addition, we do not have any experience in acquiring other businesses. If we acquire additional businesses, we may not be able to integrate
the acquired personnel, operations and technologies successfully or effectively manage the combined business following the acquisition.
We also may not achieve the anticipated benefits from the acquired business due to a number of factors, including: 

inability to integrate
 or benefit from acquired businesses, products, technologies or services in a profitable manner; 

unanticipated costs or
 liabilities associated with the acquisition; 

difficulty integrating
 the accounting systems, operations and personnel of the acquired business; 

difficulties and additional
 expenses associated with supporting legacy drugs and hosting infrastructure of the acquired business; 

difficulty maintaining
 the customers, if any, of the acquired business, including disparities in the revenue, licensing, support or business model of the
 acquired company; 

diversion of management s
 attention from other business concerns; 

adverse effects to our
 existing business relationships with business partners and customers, if any, as a result of the acquisition; 

the potential loss of key
 employees; 

use of resources that are
 needed in other parts of our business; and 

use of substantial portions
 of our available cash to consummate the acquisition. 

In
addition, a significant portion of the purchase price of companies we acquire may be allocated to acquired goodwill and other intangible
assets, which must be assessed for impairment at least annually. In the future, if our acquisitions do not yield expected returns, we
may be required to take charges to our operating results based on this impairment assessment process, which could adversely affect our
results of operations. 

Acquisitions
could also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our operating results.
In addition, if an acquired business fails to meet our expectations, our operating results, business and financial position may suffer. 

105 

Market
and economic conditions, including inflation and changes in interest rates, may negatively impact our business, financial condition and share price. 

Concerns
over inflation, energy costs, geopolitical issues, the U.S. mortgage market and real estate market, unstable global credit markets and
financial conditions, and volatile oil prices have led to periods of significant economic instability, diminished liquidity and credit
availability, declines in consumer confidence and discretionary spending, diminished expectations for the global economy and expectations
of slower global economic growth going forward, increased unemployment rates, and increased credit defaults in recent years. Our general
business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturns, volatile business environments and continued unstable or
unpredictable economic and market conditions. If these conditions continue to deteriorate or do not improve, it may make any necessary
debt or equity financing more difficult to complete, more costly, and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely
manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance, and share price and
could require us to delay or abandon development or commercialization plans. 

Our
marketable securities have had and may in the future have their market value adversely affected due to rises in interest rates. While
we believe our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities do not contain excessive risk, we cannot provide absolute assurance that
in the future our investments will not be subject to adverse changes in market value. We formed a wholly owned subsidiary, Lantern Pharma
Australia Pty Ltd, in Australia in September 2021 and experienced foreign currency losses of approximately 59,000 and 18,000 for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in connection with this subsidiary. We will remain subject to the risk of foreign
currency losses in future periods, although we do not expect the impact of any foreign currency losses to be material. 

Inflation
generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor and clinical trial costs. We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect
on our results of operations during the periods presented in this report. Inflation has increased substantially in recent periods and
could have a greater impact on our future results of operations if it remains at current levels or continues to increase. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports, or publish unfavorable research or reports about our business, our
stock price and trading volume may decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will rely in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us,
our business, our markets and our competitors. We do not control these analysts. If securities analysts do not cover our common stock,
the lack of research coverage may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Furthermore, if one or more of the analysts
who do cover us downgrade our stock or if those analysts issue other unfavorable commentary about us or our business, our stock price
would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fails to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose
visibility in the market and interest in our stock could decrease, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline
and may also impair our ability to expand our business with existing customers and attract new customers. 

Because
certain of our stockholders control a significant number of shares of our common stock, they may have effective control over actions
requiring stockholder approval. 

Our
directors, executive officers, and their respective affiliates, beneficially own approximately 20.6 of our outstanding shares of common
stock. As a result, these stockholders, acting together, would have the ability to substantially impact the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders
for approval, including the election of directors and any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. In
addition, these stockholders, acting together, would have the ability to substantially impact the management and affairs of our company. Accordingly,
this concentration of ownership might harm the market price of our common stock by: 

delaying, deferring or
 preventing a change in corporate control; 

impeding a merger, consolidation,
 takeover or other business combination involving us; or 

discouraging a potential
 acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 

Future
sales and issuances of our common stock could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could
cause our share price to fall. 

We
expect that significant additional capital will be needed in the future to continue our planned operations, including hiring new personnel,
advancing and commercializing our drug candidates, and continuing activities as an operating public company. To the extent we raise additional
capital by issuing equity securities; our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. We may sell common stock, convertible securities
or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell common stock,
convertible securities or other equity securities in more than one transaction, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales.
Such sales may also result in material dilution to our existing stockholders, and new investors could gain rights superior to our existing
stockholders. 

106 

We
do not intend to pay cash dividends on our shares of common stock so any returns will be limited to the value of our shares. 

We
currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate
declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the increase,
if any, of our share price. 

We
are an emerging growth company and will be able to avail ourselves of reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging
growth companies, which could make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act, and we
intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that
are not emerging growth companies including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any
golden parachute payments not previously approved. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth
company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act, for complying
with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain
accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have not elected to delay such adoption of
new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we will comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on
which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock
less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may
be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. We may take advantage of these reporting
exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.07 billion or more; (ii) the last
day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the completion of our initial public offering, or December 31,
2025; (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years; or (iv) the
date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC. 

We
may be at risk of securities class action litigation. 

We
may be at risk of securities class action litigation. In the past, biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have experienced significant
stock price volatility, particularly when associated with binary events such as clinical trials and drug approvals. If we face such litigation,
it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business and
result in a decline in the market price of our common stock. 

107 

Our
certificate of incorporation and our by-laws, and Delaware law may have anti-takeover effects that could discourage, delay or prevent
a change in control, which may cause our stock price to decline. 

Our
certificate of incorporation, and our by-laws, and Delaware law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if
closing such a transaction would be beneficial to our stockholders. We are authorized to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock.
This preferred stock may be issued in one or more series, the terms of which may be determined at the time of issuance by our board of
directors without further action by stockholders. The terms of any series of preferred stock may include voting rights (including the
right to vote as a series on particular matters), preferences as to dividend, liquidation, conversion and redemption rights and sinking
fund provisions. None of our preferred stock is currently outstanding. The issuance of any preferred stock could materially adversely
affect the rights of the holders of our common stock, and therefore, reduce the value of our common stock. In particular, specific rights
granted to future holders of preferred stock could be used to restrict our ability to merge with, or sell our assets to, a third party
and thereby preserve control by the present management. 

Provisions
of our certificate of incorporation, by-laws and Delaware law also could have the effect of discouraging potential acquisition proposals
or making a tender offer or delaying or preventing a change in control, including changes a stockholder might consider favorable. Such
provisions may also prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our management. In particular, our certificate
of incorporation and by-laws and Delaware law, as applicable, among other things: 

provide the board of directors
 with the ability to alter the by-laws without stockholder approval; 

establishing advance notice
 requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon at stockholder
 meetings; and 

provide that vacancies
 on the board of directors may be filled by a majority of directors in office, although less than a quorum. 

Our
by-laws designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal
district court for the District of Delaware) as the exclusive forum for certain types of claims, which may limit a stockholder s
ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable. 

Section
7.06 of our by-laws specifies that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the court of Chancery of the
State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware)
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on
our behalf; any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us
or to our stockholders; (b) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL or certificate of incorporation or our by-laws; or (c) or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs
doctrine. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision with respect to claims under the Securities Act and
our stockholders cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. The exclusive forum
provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes against us
and our directors, officers and other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits, or may require increased costs to bring a claim. 

Financial
reporting obligations of being a public company in the United States require well defined disclosure and financial controls and procedures
that are expensive and time-consuming requiring our management to devote substantial time to compliance matters. 

As
a publicly traded company, we incur significant additional legal, accounting and other expenses that a privately held company is not
required to incur. For example, a privately held company is not required to have well defined disclosure and financial controls and procedures
or systems of internal controls over financial reporting that are generally required of publicly held companies. In connection with our
review of our previously existing internal controls as part of our preparations for becoming a publicly traded company, we determined
that our internal controls over financial reporting for prior periods were inadequate and included material weaknesses that needed to
be remedied. Although we have taken, and are continuing to take, additional steps to remedy these material weaknesses in order to assure
compliance with our future financial reporting obligations, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so in a timely manner
or at all. 

108 

These
reporting obligations associated with being a public company in the United States require significant expenditures and will place significant
demands on our management and other personnel, including costs resulting from our reporting obligations under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ), and the rules and regulations regarding corporate governance practices, including
those under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act, as amended, (the Dodd-Frank Act ), and the listing requirements of the stock exchange on which
our securities are to be listed. These rules require the establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls
and procedures, internal control over financial reporting and changes in corporate governance practices, among many other complex rules
that are often difficult to implement, monitor and maintain compliance with. Moreover, despite recent reforms made possible by the JOBS
Act, the reporting requirements, rules, and regulations make some activities more time-consuming and costly, which will be particularly
true after we are no longer an emerging growth company. In addition, we expect these rules and regulations will make it
more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. Our management and other personnel have
to devote a substantial amount of time to ensure that we comply with all of these requirements and to keep pace with new regulations,
otherwise we may fall out of compliance and risk becoming subject to litigation or being delisted, among other potential problems. 

If
we fail to comply with the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act related to accounting controls and procedures in the future, or, if we
discover additional material weaknesses and other deficiencies in our internal control and accounting procedures, our stock price could
decline significantly and raising capital could be more difficult. 

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
after a transition period ending with our second annual report on Form 10-K filed under Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. If we fail
to comply with the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act related to disclosure controls and procedures in the future, or, if in the future
we discover additional material weaknesses and other deficiencies in our internal control and accounting procedures, our stock price
could decline significantly and raising capital could be more difficult. 

Comprehensive
tax reform bills could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

The
U.S. government has in recent years enacted federal income tax legislation that includes significant changes to the taxation of business
entities. These changes include, among others, a permanent reduction to the corporate income tax rate. Notwithstanding the reduction
in the corporate income tax rate, the overall impact of this tax reform is uncertain, and our business and financial condition could
be adversely affected. This report does not discuss any such tax legislation or the manner in which it might affect purchasers of our
common stock. We urge our stockholders to consult with their legal and tax advisors with respect to any such legislation and the potential
tax consequences of investing in our common stock. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties . 

Our
principal executive office is located at 1920 McKinney Avenue, 7 th Floor, Dallas, Texas 75201. During 2022 and 2021, we
leased office space and access to meeting facilities at this location under month-to-month lease arrangements. We also leased
additional office space in the Dallas, Texas area and in the Atlanta, Georgia area under operating leases that commenced in May 2021
and were scheduled to expire in April 2023. In March 2023, we renewed and extended our leases for office space and
access to meeting facilities in the Dallas, Texas area and in the Atlanta, Georgia area. Our operating lease expense was approximately 144,000 and 105,000 for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

From
time to time in the future, we may become involved in litigation or other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business.
We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings, and we are not aware of any pending or threatened litigation against us that we
believe could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. In the event we are subject to
a legal proceeding, it could have a material adverse impact on us because of litigation costs and diversion of management resources. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

109 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol LTRN on June 11, 2020. Prior to that date, there
was no public trading market for our common stock. 

Stockholders 

As
of March 1, 2023, there were 9 stockholders of record of our common stock. The actual number of holders of our common stock is greater
than this number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by
brokers or held by other nominees. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never paid or declared any cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not anticipate declaring or paying, in the foreseeable
future, any cash dividends on our capital stock. We intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, to fund the development
and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination
regarding the declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing
conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects
and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 

Unregistered
Sales of Securities 

Options 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 26,093 shares of common stock relating to the cashless exercise of stock options
to purchase 32,538 shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 11,782 shares of common stock
relating to the exercise of stock options. The shares were issued at a purchase price of 1.03 per share for total proceeds of approximately
 12,000. 

Exercise
of Warrants 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 95,779 shares of common stock relating to the cash exercise of warrants for total
proceeds of approximately 300,000. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 40,727 shares of common stock relating
to the cash exercise of warrants for total proceeds of approximately 127,000. During the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company also
issued 8,318 shares of common stock relating to the cashless exercise of warrants to purchase 11,114 shares, respectively. 

None
of the foregoing transactions involved any underwriters, underwriting discounts or commissions, or any public offering. We believe the
offers, sales and issuances of the above securities were exempt from registration under the Securities Act (or Regulation D promulgated
thereunder) by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act because the issuance of securities to the recipients did not involve a
public offering. The recipients of the securities in each of these transactions represented their intentions to acquire the securities
for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof, and appropriate legends were placed
upon the stock certificates issued in these transactions. The sales of these securities were made without any general solicitation or
advertising. 

110 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

In
November 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program to acquire up to 7,000,000 of the Company s
common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 353,667 shares of common stock pursuant to the
repurchase program for a total of approximately 2,482,000, including purchase fees. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the
Company repurchased 121,490 shares of common stock pursuant to the repurchase program for a total of approximately 940,000,
including purchase fees. The share repurchase program terminated July 31, 2022. Common stock repurchase activity under the share
repurchase program during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Period 
 Total number of shares purchased 
 Average price paid per share 
 Dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the program 
 
 October 1, 2021 to October 31, 2021 

7,000,000 
 
 November 1, 2021 to November 30, 2021 

7,000,000 
 
 December 1, 2021 to December 31, 20212 
 121,490 
 7.71 
 6,062,763 
 
 January 1, 2022 to January 31, 2022 
 181,074 
 7.14 
 4,770,382 
 
 February 1, 2022 to February 28, 2022 
 124,081 
 6.74 
 3,933,565 
 
 March 1, 2022 to March 31, 2022 
 48,512 
 6.11 
 3,637,316 
 
 April 1, 2022 to July 31, 2022 

3,637,316 
 
 Total 
 475,157 
 7.08 
 None at July 31, 2022 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation
Plans 

The
table below contains information as of December 31, 2022 regarding the Second Amended and Restated Lantern Pharma Inc. 2018 Equity
Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Additional information regarding the Plan is contained in Note 6 to our consolidated
financial statements included as part of this report. The Company does not have any equity compensation plans that have not been
approved by stockholders. 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 1,037,591 shares of Common Stock 
 6.46 per share 
 288,796 shares of Common Stock 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Total: 
 1,037,591 shares of Common Stock 
 6.46 per share 
 288,796 shares of Common Stock 

Item
6. Reserved. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and plan of operations together with our financial statements
and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, this discussion
and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially
from those discussed below. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified
below, and those discussed in Item 1A titled Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

111 

Overview 

We
are a clinical stage biotechnology company, focused on leveraging artificial intelligence A.I. ), machine learning and
genomic data to streamline the drug development process and to identify the patients that will benefit from our targeted oncology therapies.
Our portfolio of therapies consists of small molecules that others have tried, but failed, to develop into an approved commercialized
drug, as well as new compounds that we are developing with the assistance of our proprietary A.I. platform and our biomarker driven approach.
Our A.I. platform, known as RADR , currently includes more than 25 billion data points, and uses big data analytics (combining
molecular data, drug efficacy data, data from historical studies, data from scientific literature, phenotypic data from trials and publications,
and mechanistic pathway data) and machine learning to rapidly uncover biologically relevant genomic signatures correlated to drug response,
and then identify the cancer patients that we believe may benefit most from our compounds. This data-driven, genomically-targeted and
biomarker-driven approach allows us to pursue a transformational drug development strategy that identifies, rescues or develops, and
advances potential small molecule drug candidates at what we believe is a fraction of the time and cost associated with traditional cancer
drug development. 

Our
strategy is to both develop new drug candidates using our RADR platform, and other machine learning driven methodologies,
and to pursue the development of drug candidates that have undergone previous clinical trial testing or that may have been halted in
development or deprioritized because of insufficient clinical trial efficacy (i.e., a meaningful treatment benefit relevant for the disease
or condition under study as measured against the comparator treatment used in the relevant clinical testing) or for strategic reasons
by the owner or development team responsible for the compound. Importantly, these historical drug candidates appear to have been well-tolerated
in many instances, and often have considerable data from previous toxicity, tolerability and ADME (absorption, distribution, metabolism,
and excretion) studies that have been completed. Additionally, these drug candidates may also have a body of existing data supporting
the potential mechanism(s) by which they achieve their intended biologic effect, but often require more targeted trials in a stratified
group of patients to demonstrate statistically meaningful results. Our dual approach to both develop de-novo, biomarker-guided drug candidates
and rescue historical drug-candidates by leveraging A.I., recent advances in genomics, computational biology and cloud
computing is emblematic of a new era in drug development that is being driven by data-intensive approaches meant to de-risk development
and accelerate the clinical trial process. In this context, we intend to create a diverse portfolio of oncology drug candidates for further
development towards regulatory and marketing approval with the objective of establishing a leading A.I.-driven methodology for treating
the right patient with the right oncology therapy. 

A
key component of our strategy is to target specific cancer patient populations and treatment indications identified by leveraging our
RADR platform, a proprietary A.I. enabled engine created and owned by us. We believe the combination of our therapeutic
area expertise, our A.I. expertise, and our ability to identify and develop promising drug candidates through our collaborative relationships
with research institutions in selected areas of oncology gives us a significant competitive advantage. Our RADR platform
was developed and refined over the last five years and integrates billions of data points immediately relevant for oncology drug development
and patient response prediction using artificial intelligence and proprietary machine learning algorithms. By identifying clinical candidates,
together with relevant genomic and phenotypic data, we believe our approach will help us design more efficient pre-clinical studies,
and more targeted clinical trials, thereby accelerating our drug candidates time to approval and eventually to market. Although
we have not yet applied for or received regulatory or marketing approval for any of our drug candidates, we believe our RADR 
 platform has the ability to reduce the cost and time to bring drug candidates to specifically targeted patient groups. We believe
we have developed a sustainable and scalable biopharma business model by combining a unique, oncology-focused big-data platform that
leverages artificial intelligence along with active clinical and preclinical programs that are being advanced in targeted cancer therapeutic
areas to address today s treatment needs. 

112 

Our
current portfolio consists of four compounds and an Antibody Drug Conjugate (ADC) program: two drug candidates in clinical phases, one
in preclinical studies and one candidate and our recently initiated ADC program in research optimization. One of the two drug candidates
in clinical development, LP-100, was previously out-licensed by us to Allarity Therapeutics A/S. In July 2021, we entered into an Asset
Purchase Agreement to reacquire global development and commercialization rights for LP-100 from Allarity. All of these drug candidates
and our ADC program are leveraging precision oncology, A.I. and genomic driven approaches to accelerate and direct development efforts.
We currently have two drug candidates in clinical development, LP-100 and LP-300, where we are leveraging data from prior preclinical
studies and clinical trials, along with insights generated from our A.I. platform, to target the types of tumors and patient groups we
believe will be most responsive to the drug. Both LP-100 and LP-300 showed promise in important patient subgroups, but failed pivotal
Phase III trials when the overall results did not meet the predefined clinical endpoints. We believe that this was due to a lack of biomarker-driven
patient stratification. LP-300 has been studied in multiple randomized, controlled, multi-center non-small cell lung cancer, or NSCLC,
trials that included administration of either paclitaxel and cisplatin and/or docetaxel and cisplatin, and we are currently preparing
LP-300 for the launch of a targeted phase II trial, in never smoking patients with NSCLC in combination with chemotherapy, under an existing
investigational new drug application. 

Additionally,
we have one drug candidate, LP-184, in preclinical development for multiple potentially distinct indications where we are leveraging
machine learning and genomic data to streamline the drug development process and to identify the patients and cancer subtypes that will
best benefit from the drug, if approved. Our drug candidate, LP-284, the stereoisomer (enantiomer) of LP-184, is also in preclinical
development and has shown promising in-vitro anticancer activity in a range of hematological cancers, which are distinct from
the indications targeted by LP-184. Our ADC program commenced in early 2021 is aimed at identifying targeted or therapeutic antibodies
to conjugate with selected compounds. 

Our
development strategy is to pursue an increasing number of oncology focused, molecularly targeted therapies where artificial intelligence
and genomic data can help us provide biological insights, reduce the risk associated with development efforts and help clarify potential
patient response. We plan on strategically evaluating these on a program-by-program basis as they advance into clinical development,
either to be done entirely by us, or with licensing partners, to maximize the commercial opportunity and reduce the time it takes to
bring the right drug to the right patient. 

To
date, except for a prior research grant, we have not generated any revenue, we have incurred net losses and our operations have been
financed primarily by sales of our equity securities. Our net losses were approximately 14,260,000 and 12,363,000 for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Our
net losses have primarily resulted from costs incurred in licensing and developing the drug candidates in our pipeline, planning, preparing
and conducting preclinical studies, clinical testing and general and administrative activities associated with our operations. We expect
to continue to incur significant expenses and corresponding increased operating losses for the foreseeable future as we continue to develop
our pipeline. Our costs may further increase as we conduct additional preclinical studies and clinical trials and potentially seek regulatory
clearance for and prepare to commercialize our drug candidates. We expect to incur significant expenses to continue to build the infrastructure
necessary to support our expanded operations, preclinical studies, clinical trials, and commercialization, including manufacturing, marketing,
sales and distribution functions. We have experienced and will continue to experience substantial costs associated with operating as
a public company. 

As
of the date of this report, although we believe we have effectively managed the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations, the
ongoing effects of the pandemic could have a material impact on our business in the future. The timing of non-clinical research studies
for our drug candidates by collaborators and service providers slowed during 2020 in connection with the pandemic. The timing of manufacturing
for our LP-300 and LP-184 candidates was impacted by supply chain delivery and COVID-related staffing issues, which extended the time
to launch our Phase II clinical trial for LP-300 and extended the time to commence IND enabling studies and commence Phase I clinical
testing for LP-184. Clinical sites conducting oncology clinical trials have also been impacted by COVID-related staffing issues. In addition,
Allarity Therapeutics informed us that enrollment in the Phase II clinical trial for LP-100 slowed during the pandemic. While we believe
we have been able to manage the disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic to date, there can be no assurance that our operations, including
the development of our drug candidates, will not be disrupted and materially adversely affected in the future by the COVID-19 pandemic,
or an epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease like the outbreak of COVID-19. 

113 

Components
of Our Results of Operations 

Revenues 

We
did not recognize revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Research
and Development 

Research
and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred for the research and development of our preclinical and clinical candidates,
which include: 

expenses incurred towards
 consultants, laboratories and investigators that conduct our preclinical or clinical research activities; and 

the cost of acquiring and
 developing preclinical and clinical study materials and lab supplies, including manufacturing costs related to our drug candidates. 

We
expense research and development costs to operations as incurred. 

Our
research and development costs by project category for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 LP-300 
 2,870,494 
 2,351,814 
 
 LP-284 
 904,362 

LP-184 
 3,104,060 
 2,821,349 
 
 LP-100 
 696,038 
 1,098,757 
 
 ADC Program 
 44,787 
 261,514 
 
 RADR Platform 
 849,382 
 651,904 
 
 Other 
 133,831 
 385,242 
 
 Total research and development expenses 
 8,602,954 
 7,570,580 

Research and Development costs relating to LP-184 for the year ended December 31, 2022 were reduced by 935,000 as a result of a payment
we received in July 2022 from one of our service providers in connection with the resolution of a difference of views regarding the service
provider agreement. This payment received by us offset other LP-184 costs during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Research and Development costs relating to LP-284 for the year ended December 31, 2021 are included in the Other category. 

114 

We
expect that our research and development expenses will continue to increase as we progress our clinical trial for LP-300 and advance
toward our commencement of clinical trials for LP-184 and LP-284, advance clinical development of LP-100, and advance our other programs
and drug candidates. We expect this increase to include additional expenses associated with research and service provider agreements
for the advancement of our drug candidates and research and development efforts. 

Because
of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development, we cannot determine with certainty the duration and completion
costs of these or other current or future clinical trials of LP-300, LP-184, LP-284, LP-100 or our other drug candidates. We may never
succeed in achieving regulatory approval for LP-300, LP-184, LP-284, LP-100 or any of our other drug candidates. The duration, costs
and timing of clinical trials and development of our drug candidates will depend on a variety of factors, including the uncertainties
of future clinical and preclinical studies, uncertainties in clinical trial enrollment rates and significant and changing government
regulation. In addition, the probability of success for each drug candidate will depend on numerous factors, including competition, manufacturing
capability and commercial viability. 

General
and Administrative 

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related costs for employees in executive, finance and administration, corporate
development and administrative support functions, including stock-based compensation expenses and benefits. Other significant general
and administrative expenses include accounting and legal services, insurance, the cost of various consultants, occupancy costs, investor
relations and information systems costs. 

We
expect increased administrative costs resulting from our ongoing and anticipated clinical trials and the potential commercialization
of our drug candidates. We believe that these increases will likely include increased costs for director and officer liability insurance,
hiring additional personnel to support future market research and future product commercialization efforts and increased fees for outside
consultants, attorneys and accountants. We also expect to continue to incur substantial costs to comply with corporate governance, internal
controls, investor relations and disclosures and similar requirements applicable to a public company. 

Summary
Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 
 5,829,799 
 5,020,928 
 
 Research and development 
 8,602,954 
 7,570,580 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 14,432,753 
 12,591,508 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (14,432,753 
 (12,591,508 
 
 Interest income 
 204,355 
 67,929 
 
 Other (expense) income, net 
 (31,548 
 160,550 
 
 NET LOSS 
 (14,259,946 
 (12,363,029 

115 

Comparison
of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses increased approximately 809,000, or 16 , from approximately 5,021,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021
to approximately 5,830,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily attributable to increases in payroll and
compensation expenses of 499,000, increases in other professional fees of 371,000, increases in legal and patent related expenses of
 112,000, increases in travel expenses of 137,000, increases in other general and administrative office expenses of 87,000, and increases
in rent expense of 49,000. The was partially offset by decreases in corporate insurance expense of 350,000 and decreases in business
development expenses of 96,000. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses increased approximately 1,032,000, or 14 , from approximately 7,571,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021
to approximately 8,603,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 The increase was primarily attributable to increases in research studies
of approximately 1,471,000, increases in consulting expenses of approximately 247,000 and increases in research and development payroll
expenses of approximately 137,000. These increases were partially offset by decreases in product candidate manufacturing related expenses
of approximately 168,000, decreases in licensing fees of approximately 114,000 and a net decline in payments to Allarity Therapeutics
of approximately 541,000. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we made a one-time 1,000,000 upfront payment to Allarity Therapeutics,
and during the year ended December 31, 2022, we released an escrow payment of approximately 459,000 to Allarity Therapeutics. Manufacturing
related expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were also reduced by 935,000 as a result of a payment we received in July 2022
from one of our service providers in connection with the resolution of a difference of views regarding the service provider agreement. 

Interest
and Other Income (Expense) 

Interest
income increased approximately 136,000 from 68,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately 204,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2022. Other (expense) income, net decreased approximately 192,000 from a gain of approximately 161,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2021 to a loss of approximately 32,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. This decrease was primarily attributable to
increases in unrealized losses on investments of approximately 540,000, an increase in foreign currency losses of approximately 40,000
and a one-time gain on loan forgiveness of approximately 110,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021, which were partially offset
by increases in dividend income of approximately 102,000 and increases of approximately 396,000 in research and development tax incentives
related to the Australia subsidiary, . 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
incurred net losses of approximately 14,260,000 and 12,363,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of
December 31, 2022, we had working capital of approximately 55,924,000. 

116 

On
January 20, 2021, we closed a public offering of 4,928,571 shares of common stock at a public offering price of 14.00 per share, which
amount included 642,856 shares sold upon full exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option. Total gross proceeds from the
offering were approximately 69,000,000, and net proceeds from the offering were approximately 64,167,000. 

We
have not yet generated any revenues from operations, other than revenues from a research grant, and we have not yet achieved profitability.
We expect that general and administrative expenses and our research and development expenses will continue to increase and, as a result,
we will need to generate significant product revenues to achieve profitability. We may never achieve profitability. 

Since
our inception, our operations have been financed primarily through the sale of equity securities, and, to a much lesser extent, funds
received by us from the PPP Loan and a 2017 grant from the Massachusetts Life Sciences Center. We plan to apply for grant funding in
the future to assist in supporting our capital needs. We may also explore the possibility of entering into commercial credit facilities
as an additional source of liquidity. 

In
November 2021, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program to acquire up to 7,000,000 of the Company s
common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased 353,667 shares of common stock pursuant to the repurchase
program for a total of approximately 2,482,000, including purchase fees. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased
121,490 shares of common stock pursuant to the repurchase program for a total of approximately 940,000, including purchase fees. The
share repurchase program terminated July 31, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 37,202,000 and 51,524,000, respectively. Based on
our anticipated expenditures and capital commitments as of the date of this report, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents
as of December 31, 2022 will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements for at least 12 months from
the date of filing this Form 10-K. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had marketable securities of approximately 17,994,000 and 19,201,000,
respectively. 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table summarizes our cash flow for the periods indicated: 

For the Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash flows used in operating activities 
 (12,767,492 
 (10,591,543 
 
 Net cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities 
 179,268 
 (19,530,586 
 
 Net cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities 
 (2,182,498 
 63,416,122 
 
 Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash 
 (10,607 
 1,070 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (14,781,329 
 33,295,063 

117 

Operating
Activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was approximately 12,767,000 compared to approximately 10,592,000
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net cash used in operating activities was primarily the result of the increase
in the net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Investing
Activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by investing activities was approximately 179,000 compared to net cash used of approximately
 19,531,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31,
2022 was primarily due to a substantially greater level of purchases of marketable securities that occurred in the year ended December
31, 2021. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash used in financing activities was approximately 2,182,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022, attributable primarily to repurchases
of shares pursuant to the Company s share repurchase program. Net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December
31, 2021 was approximately 63,416,000, attributable primarily to net proceeds from our equity financing in January 2021. 

Operating
Capital and Capital Expenditure Requirements 

We
expect to continue to incur significant and increasing operating losses at least for the next several years as we continue our clinical
trial of LP-300, commence our clinical trials of LP-184 and LP-284, advance clinical development of LP-100, pursue development of our
other drug candidates, and seek potential future marketing approval for our drug candidates which could be several years in the future,
if at all. We do not expect to generate revenue, other than possible license and grant revenue, unless and until we successfully complete
development and obtain regulatory approval for our therapeutic candidates. Our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter
and year-to-year, depending on the timing of our planned clinical trials and our expenditures on other research and development activities. 

We
have based our projections of operating capital requirements on assumptions that may prove to be incorrect and we may use all of our
available capital resources sooner than we expect. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with research, development
and commercialization of pharmaceutical products, we are unable to estimate the exact amount of our operating capital requirements. We
anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially as we: 

continue the development,
 including preclinical studies and clinical trials, of our drug candidates; 

initiate preclinical studies
 and clinical trials for any additional indications for our current drug candidates and any future drug candidates that we may pursue; 

continue to build our portfolio
 of drug candidates through the acquisition or in-license of additional drug candidates or technologies; 

continue to develop, maintain,
 expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 

pursue regulatory approvals
 for those of our current and future drug candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; 

ultimately establish a
 sales, marketing, distribution and other commercial infrastructure to commercialize any drug candidate for which we may obtain marketing
 approval; 

118 

hire additional clinical,
 regulatory, scientific and accounting personnel; 

incur additional legal,
 accounting and other expenses in operating as a public company; and 

continue to develop, maintain,
 and expand our RADR platform. 

We
expect that we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in order to complete our clinical trials. To the extent that we raise
additional capital through the sale of common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities, the ownership interests of our
existing stockholders may be materially diluted and the terms of these securities could include liquidation or other preferences that
could adversely affect the rights of our existing stockholders. In addition, debt financing, if available, would result in increased
fixed payment obligations and may involve agreements that include restrictive covenants that limit our ability to take specific actions,
such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends, that could adversely impact our ability to conduct
our business. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we could be forced to significantly delay, scale
back or discontinue the development or commercialization of LP-300, LP-184, LP-284, LP-100 and/or other drug candidates and programs,
seek collaborators at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable or on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be
available, and relinquish or license, potentially on unfavorable terms, our rights to LP-300, LP-184, LP-284, LP-100 and/or other drug
candidates and programs that we otherwise would seek to develop or commercialize ourselves. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

We
prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting standards in the United States of America.
Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this report.
Critical accounting policies and significant accounting estimates made in accordance with such policies are regularly discussed with
the Audit Committee of the Company s board of directors. We believe the following critical accounting policies involve the most
significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. 

Research
and Development 

All
costs of research and development are expensed as incurred. 

When
preparing our financial statements, we are required to estimate our accrued clinical expenses. This process involves reviewing contracts
and communicating with our personnel to identify services that have been performed on our behalf and estimating the level of service
performed and the associated cost incurred for the service when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of actual cost. Payments
under some of the contracts we have with third parties depend on factors, such as successful enrollment of certain numbers of patients,
site initiation and the completion of clinical trial milestones. 

When
accruing clinical expenses, we estimate the time period over which services will be performed and the level of effort to be expended
in each period. If possible, we obtain information regarding unbilled services directly from our service providers. However, we may be
required to estimate the cost of these services based only on information available to us. If we underestimate or overestimate the cost
associated with a trial or service at a given point in time, adjustments to research and development expenses may be necessary in future
periods. Historically, our estimated accrued clinical expenses have approximated actual expense incurred. 

119 

Stock-based
Compensation 

We
have granted stock options to our employees under our equity incentive plan. Stock-based compensation expense from awards granted under
our plan is allocated over the required service period over which those stock option awards vest. Forfeitures are accounted for as they
occur. 

The
stock option awards are valued at fair value on the date of grant and that fair value is recognized over the requisite service period.
The estimated fair value of these stock option awards was determined using the Black Scholes option pricing model on the date of grant.
Some of these grants occurred at a time when we were not a public company. Significant judgment and estimates were used to estimate the
fair value of these awards, as they occurred when our stock was not publicly traded. 

Each
option award is subject to specified vesting schedules and requirements. Compensation expense is charged to us over the required service
period to earn the award which is expected to be up to four years, subject to the achievement of time and event-based vesting requirements.
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have incurred share-based compensation expense related to equity awards totaling approximately
 1,188,000 and 962,000, respectively. 

Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 

Our
primary exposure to market risk is interest rate sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates.
 Fixed rate securities may have their market value adversely affected due to a rise in interest
rates. Accordingly, our future investment income may fluctuate as a result of changes in interest rates, or we may suffer losses in principal
if we are forced to sell securities that decline in market value as a result of changes in interest rates. 

Historically,
we have raised capital through the issuance of equity securities. We had no long-term debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022, or as
of December 31, 2021. 

We
do not believe that our cash and cash equivalents have significant risk of default or illiquidity. Our
cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of cash and money market funds. Our exposure to market risk relating to cash and cash equivalents
due to changes in interest rates is limited because our cash and cash equivalents have a short-term maturity and are used primarily for
working capital purposes. Our marketable securities have had and may in the future have their market value adversely affected
due to rises in interest rates. While we believe our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities do not contain excessive risk,
we cannot provide absolute assurance that in the future our investments will not be subject to adverse changes in market value. In addition,
we maintain significant amounts of cash and cash equivalents at one or more financial institutions that are in excess of federally insured
limits. Interest bearing and non-interest bearing accounts we hold
at banking institutions are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC up to 250,000. Substantially
all of our cash balances held at banking institutions are in excess of FDIC coverage. We consider this to be a normal business risk. 

We
formed a wholly owned subsidiary, Lantern Pharma Australia Pty Ltd, in Australia in September 2021 and experienced foreign currency losses
of approximately 59,000 and 18,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in connection with this subsidiary.
We will remain subject to the risk of foreign currency losses in future periods, although we do not expect the impact of any foreign
currency losses to be material. We do not participate in any foreign currency hedging activities, and we do not have any other derivative
financial instruments. 

Inflation
generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor and clinical trial costs. We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect
on our results of operations during the periods presented. Inflation has increased substantially in recent periods and could have a greater
impact on our future results of operations if it remains at current levels or continues to increase. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

As
a Smaller Reporting Company, we are exempt from the requirements of Item 7A. 

120 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

LANTERN
PHARMA INC. 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Lantern Pharma Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Lantern Pharma Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and
the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2018. 

EISNERAMPER LLP 

March 20, 2023 

F- 2 

Lantern
Pharma Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

2022 
 2021 

December
31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 
 
 - 
 
 Marketable securities 

Prepaid expenses other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Restricted cash 
 - 

Other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 
 - 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 4) 
 - 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred Stock authorized at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; par value) shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common Stock authorized at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; par value) shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 3 

Lantern
Pharma Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

2022 
 2021 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest income 

Other (expense) income, net 

NET LOSS 

Net loss per share of common shares, basic and diluted 

Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 4 

Lantern
Pharma Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Loss 

2022 
 2021 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

NET LOSS 

Other comprehensive loss 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities 

Unrealized gain of foreign currency translation 

Other comprehensive loss 

Comprehensive loss 

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 5 

Lantern
Pharma Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Preferred Stock Number of Shares 
 Preferred Stock Amount 
 Common Stock Number of Shares 
 Common Stock Amount 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2021 
 - 
 - 

- 

Common stock issued from warrant exercise 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued from option exercise 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued from offering, net of issuance costs 

- 
 - 

Share repurchase 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Other comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued from warrant exercise 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued from option exercise 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Share repurchase 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Other comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 6 

Lantern
Pharma Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of investment premium 

Non-cash lease adjustments 

Stock based compensation 

Gain on loan forgiveness 
 - 

Foreign currency remeasurement loss 
 
 - 
 
 Realized loss on sale of marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Unrealized loss on marketable securities 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Operating lease liabilities 

Prepaid expenses other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Other assets 
 - 

Net cash flows used in operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Purchase of marketable securities 

Redemptions of marketable securities 

Net cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from issuance of common 
 - 

Issuance costs 
 - 

Proceeds from warrant and stock option exercise 

Repurchases of shares including commissions 

Net cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities 

Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash 

CHANGE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH FOR THE YEAR 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH, BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH, END OF YEAR 

RECONCILIATION OF CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH TO THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH 

Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Application of deferred offering costs to public offering proceeds 
 - 

Unrealized losses on debt securities 

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 7 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Any
reference in these notes to applicable guidance refers to Accounting Standards Codification ASC and Accounting Standards
Update ASU of the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ). To date, the Company has operated its business
as one segment. The Company s consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries,
Lantern Pharma Limited and Lantern Pharma Australia Pty Ltd. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, the Company had working capital of approximately . 

On
January 20, 2021, the Company closed a public offering of shares of its common stock at a public offering price of per
share, which amount included shares sold upon full exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option. Total gross proceeds
from the offering were approximately , and net proceeds from the offering were approximately . 

The
Company plans to continue to explore periodic capital raises and also plans to apply for grant funding in the future to assist in supporting
its capital needs. We may also explore the possibility of entering into commercial credit facilities as an additional source of liquidity.
We believe that our existing cash as of December 31, 2022, and our anticipated expenditures and capital commitments, will enable us to
fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements for at least 12 months from the date of filing this Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

per depositor, per FDIC-insured bank, per ownership category. Substantially all of our cash balances held at banking institutions at
December 31, 2022 are in excess of FDIC coverage. 

and ,
respectively, and are included along with cash under the caption cash and cash equivalents on the Company s consolidated
balance sheets. 

and , respectively, and is included under the caption restricted cash on the Company s
consolidated balance sheets. All of the restricted cash at December 31, 2022 and 2021 relates to escrow amounts paid in connection with
the Asset Purchase Agreement entered into by the Company and Allarity Therapeutics in July 2021 (See Note 4) and is considered a current
asset at December 31, 2022, as the milestones that could require payments to be made to Allarity Therapeutics must be satisfied within
the next 12 months. 

and included approximately of upfront
payments for contractor fees, academic research studies and services, and subscriptions, approximately of intellectual property
related licensing and other fees, approximately of prepaid annual insurance fees, and approximately of receivables
from interest and tax incentives. 

Prepaid
expenses and other current assets as of December 31, 2021 totaled approximately and included approximately of upfront
payments for contractor fees, academic research studies and services, and subscriptions, approximately of intellectual property
related licensing and other fees, approximately of prepaid annual insurance fees, and approximately of receivables
from interest and tax incentives. 

in aggregate loan proceeds (the PPP Loan from JPMorgan Chase Bank (the Lender pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act. The PPP Loan was evidenced
by a loan application and payment agreement by and between the Company and the Lender. The Company applied for forgiveness of the loan,
and in April 2021 the Company received notice that the Small Business Administration (SBA) had authorized full forgiveness of the PPP
Loan (see Note 9). Forgiveness is subject to review by the SBA for a period of six years from the date of forgiveness. 

as a result of a payment we received in July 2022 from one of our service providers in connection with the resolution of a difference
 of views regarding the service provider agreement. This payment received by us offset other expenses for License, Strategic Alliance,
 and Research Agreements during this period. 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets under License, Strategic Alliance, and Research Agreements 

BioNumerik
Pharmaceuticals 

In
January 2018, the Company entered into an Assignment Agreement (the Assignment Agreement with BioNumerik Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. BioNumerik ), pursuant to which the Company acquired rights to domestic and international patents, trademarks and
related technology and data relating to LP-300 (Tavocept) for human therapeutic treatment indications. The Assignment Agreement replaced
a License Agreement that was entered into between the Company and BioNumerik in May 2016. The Company made upfront payments totaling
 in connection with entry into the Assignment Agreement. 

. The Company has the right to first recover certain designated portions of patent costs and development
and regulatory costs before the payment of royalties described above. 

If
the Company enters into a third-party transaction for LP-300, the Company is required to pay the BioNumerik-related payment recipients
a specified percentage of any upfront, milestone, and royalty amounts received by the Company from the transaction, after first recovering
specified direct costs incurred by the Company for the development of LP-300 that are not otherwise reimbursed from such third-party
transaction. 

In
addition, the Assignment Agreement provides that the Company will use commercially diligent efforts to develop LP-300 and make specified
regulatory filings and pay specified development and regulatory costs related to LP-300. The Assignment Agreement also provides that
the Company will provide TriviumVet DAC TriviumVet with (i) specified data and information generated by the Company with
respect to LP-300, and (ii) an exclusive license to use specified LP-300-related patent rights, trademark rights and related intellectual
property to support LP-300 development in non-human (animal) treatment indications. 

The
Company is also required to pay all patent costs on covered patents related to LP-300. These patent costs are included in general and
administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. These patent costs are fully recoverable at the time
of any net revenue from LP-300, with up to of net revenue amounts to be applied towards repayment of patent costs until such costs
are fully recovered. 

In
addition to the recovery of patent costs, the Company has the right to recover the 
upfront payments made in connection with entry into the Assignment Agreement, which payments are recoverable prior to making any
royalty or third-party transaction sharing payments. The Company also has the right to recover previously incurred LP-300
development and regulatory costs, with up to a mid-single digit percentage of net revenue amounts to be applied towards repayment of
development and regulatory costs until such costs are fully recovered. No amounts were expensed with respect to BioNumerik during the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

AF
Chemicals 

In
January 2015, the Company entered into a Technology License Agreement to exclusively license domestic and international patent rights
from AF Chemicals, LLC AF Chemicals for the treatment of cancer in humans for the compounds LP-100 (Irofulven) and LP-184.
In February 2016, the Company and AF Chemicals entered into an Addendum (the Addendum providing for additions and amendments
to the Technology License Agreement. In December 2020, the Company and AF Chemicals entered into a Second Addendum (the Second
Addendum providing for further additions and amendments to the Technology License Agreement. The Technology License Agreement,
Addendum and Second Addendum are collectively referred to as the AFC License Agreement . 

Pursuant
to the Second Addendum, the Company made specified payments to AF Chemicals during the nine months ended September 30, 2021. The Second
Addendum also provides that, from December 30, 2020 until January 15, 2025, the Company will have no obligation to pay annual licensing
fees, development diligence extension payments, or patent maintenance fee payments to AFC under the AFC License Agreement. 

As
part of the Second Addendum, the Company has agreed to apply for specified orphan drug designations for LP-184 in the US and EU. The
Second Addendum also amends and clarifies other provisions of the Technology License Agreement, and provides the Company with the ability
to recover a portion of initial payments made under the Second Addendum from sublicense fees or royalty payments that may be made to
AFC by the Company or third parties prior to January 15, 2025. 

Pursuant
to the AFC License Agreement the Company made annual licensing fee payments to AF Chemicals relating to LP-184 for periods prior to signing
the Second Addendum. In addition, the Company is obligated to make milestone payments to AF Chemicals at the time of an Investigational
New Drug Application IND filing relating to LP-184 and also upon reaching additional specified milestones in connection
with the development and potential marketing approval of LP-184 in the United States, specified countries in Europe, and other countries. 

The
AFC License Agreement also provides that the Company will pay AF Chemicals a royalty of at least a very small single digit percentage
of specified net sales of LP-184 and other analogs. . 

Pursuant
to the Second Addendum, no additional payments of annual licensing fees or development diligence extension payments related to LP-184
are required to be made by the Company until January 15, 2025, at which time these obligations will resume. The Company will also be
obligated to make payments to AF Chemicals relating to LP-100 beginning January 15, 2025, as described below. 

In
the event of a sublicense of the LP-184 rights, the Company is obligated to pay AF Chemicals (a) a low double-digit percentage of the
gross income and fees received by the Company with respect to the United States in connection with such sublicense, and (b) a lower double
digit percentage of the gross income and fees received by the Company with respect to Europe and Japan in connection with such sublicense. 

The
amounts to be paid to AF Chemicals with respect to LP-100 under the AFC License Agreement are in many ways similar to the amounts to
be paid with respect to LP-184 as described above. In addition, the AFC License Agreement contains specified time requirements for
the Company to enroll patients in clinical trials and file a potential NDA with respect to LP-100. Extension fees may be paid by the
Company to AF Chemicals from time to time related to these requirements. Pursuant to the Second Addendum with AF Chemicals, no
additional payments of annual licensing fees or development diligence extension payments are required to be made by the Company with
respect to LP-100 until January 15, 2025, at which time these obligations will resume. Approximately and were
expensed with respect to the AFC License Agreement during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which amounts are included in research and development
expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Allarity
Therapeutics (formerly known as Oncology Venture) 

In
May 2015, the Company licensed various rights to LP-100 to Oncology Venture (now known as Allarity Therapeutics) pursuant to a Drug License
and Development Agreement. In February 2016, the Company and Allarity Therapeutics entered into an addendum and an amendment providing
for additions and amendments to the Drug License and Development Agreement. In connection with the Drug License and Development Agreement,
as amended (collectively, the Allarity License and Development Agreement ), Allarity Therapeutics agreed to directly pay
to AF Chemicals on behalf of the Company certain amounts to satisfy the Company s milestone obligations to AF Chemicals with respect
to LP-100 under the AFC License Agreement. Amounts paid by Allarity Therapeutics to AF Chemicals on behalf of the Company would then
be deducted from amounts owed by Allarity Therapeutics to the Company. 

On
July 23, 2021, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement to reacquire global development and commercialization rights for
Irofulven (LP-100) from Allarity. The transaction includes global rights to LP-100, as well as the developed clinical protocol for an
intended study in bladder and prostate cancer patients who have a mutation in the ERCC2/3 genes. As a result of this transaction, the
Company has full authority to manage and guide future clinical development and commercialization of LP-100. Under the terms of the Asset
Purchase Agreement, the Company paid an initial upfront payment of to Allarity. The Company determined there was no planned
alternative future use for these assets outside of the clinical development of LP-100 and therefore the full amount of the upfront payment
was included in research and development expense. The Company released approximately from escrow to Allarity related to recertification
of LP-100 drug stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. Future payments of up to currently held in escrow also have the
potential to deliver an additional amount to Allarity based on drug trial enrollment milestones within the 24 months following the date
of the transaction. Allarity is also eligible to receive additional milestone payments over the life of the program based on IP license
milestones and regulatory filings and approvals in the US and EU, and low- to mid-single-digit royalties on future commercial net sales.
As part of the Asset Purchase Agreement, the Allarity License and Development Agreement was terminated. Approximately and were expensed with respect to Allarity during the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively, which amounts are included in research and development expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations. 

Califia
Pharma 

In
December 2020, the Company entered into an Evaluation and Limited Use Agreement (the Evaluation Agreement with Califia
Pharma, Inc. Califia ). The Evaluation Agreement provided for the Company and Califia to collaborate on the in vitro and
in vivo testing and evaluation of novel Califia linker technology and related payloads to be conjugated to a Lantern targeting entity.
The Evaluation Agreement also provided the Company with the right to negotiate with Califia for exclusive license rights to use LP-184
and related analogs as the payload with an affinity drug conjugate or small molecule drug conjugate targeting entity supplied by the
Company. The Company also had the right under the Evaluation Agreement to negotiate for non-exclusive license rights to use a targeting
entity from the Company with a payload and linker combination selected from novel specified Califia payloads and linkers. The Evaluation
Agreement expired on December 31, 2021 and the Company determined not to extend it. No amounts and approximately were expensed with respect to the
Califia Evaluation Agreement during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which amounts are included in research and development
expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Patheon
API Services 

The Company has entered into agreements
with Patheon API Services, Inc. Patheon for the manufacture and supply of cGMP material to support the Company s
Phase II clinical trial for its product candidate LP-300. In addition to producing LP-300 API (active pharmaceutical ingredient) under
cGMP (current Good Manufacturing Practices) conditions, Patheon transferred previously validated manufacturing processes and analytical
methods for LP-300 and produced non-GMP material for use in support of non-clinical studies for LP-300. The agreements provide for payments
in stages as specified process and manufacturing milestones are achieved. Approximately and was expensed with
respect to the Patheon agreements during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which amounts are included in research
and development expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The Company
expects to expense additional amounts in future periods in accordance with the progress of work completed under the Patheon agreements. 

Southwest
Research Institute 

As part of the Company s research
and development activities, the Company has engaged Southwest Research Institute SwRI from time to time to assist with
compound synthesis and manufacturing related activities for the Company s product candidates. The Company has entered into agreements
with SwRI for the non-GMP and cGMP synthesis of LP-184 material and related analytical development . Approximately and
 was expensed with respect to the SwRI agreements during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which amounts
are included in research and development expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The
Company expects to expense additional amounts in future periods in accordance with the progress of work completed under the SwRI agreements. 

The
Research Institute of Fox Chase Cancer Center 

In September 2020, the Company entered
into a research agreement with the Research Institute of Fox Chase Cancer Center FCCC ), which was amended in January 2022,
as part of the Company s research and development activities, with a focus on advancing the targeted use of LP-184 in molecularly-defined
sub-types of pancreatic cancer. Approximately and was expensed with respect to the FCCC agreements during the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which amounts are included in research and development expenses in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations. 

Piramal
Pharma Solutions 

In January 2021, the Company entered
into an agreement with Piramal Pharma Solutions Piramal for the fill and finish manufacture of LP-300 drug product at
Piramal s Lexington, Kentucky site in support of future Phase II clinical testing. The agreement, as amended, provides for Piramal
to conduct activities in support of the cGMP manufacturing of LP-300, including analytical and process transfer activities, manufacture
of cGMP clinical batches, and performance of stability studies on cGMP batches of LP-300 drug product. Approximately and
 was expensed with respect to Piramal agreements during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which amounts
are included in research and development expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The
Company expects to expense additional amounts in future periods in accordance with the progress of work completed under Piramal agreements. 

vivoPharm 

In September 2021, the Company s
Australian subsidiary entered into an agreement with RDDT, a vivoPharm Company Pty Ltd vivoPharm ), for multiple preclinical
studies, including animal studies, as part of an IND-enabling program for LP-184. The Company s Australian subsidiary entered into
an additional agreement with vivoPharm in 2022 as part of an IND-enabling program for LP-284. Amendments to the vivoPharm agreements were
made in 2022. Approximately and was expensed with respect to the vivoPharm agreements during the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which amounts are included in research and development expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. The Company expects that additional amounts will be expensed in future
periods in accordance with the progress of work completed under the vivoPharm agreements, as amended. 

TD2 

In October 2021, the Company entered
into a Statement of Work, as amended in March 2022, with Translational Drug Development, LLC TD2 providing for TD2 to
serve as the lead contract research organization (CRO) for the Company s Phase II clinical trial for its product candidate LP-300 .
Approximately and was expensed with respect to TD2 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
which amounts are included in research and development expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The
Company expects to expense additional amounts in future periods in connection with services provided by TD2 as well as clinical trial
site and other pass-through costs relating to the LP-300 Phase II clinical trial. 

Berkshire
Sterile Manufacturing 

During the year ended December 31,
2022, the Company entered into agreements with Berkshire Sterile Manufacturing Berkshire to support technical transfer
and GMP drug product manufacturing of LP-300. Approximately and amounts were expensed with respect to the Berkshire
agreements during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which amounts are included in research and development expenses
in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The Company expects that additional amounts
will be expensed in future periods in accordance with the progress of work completed under the Berkshire agreements. 

Shilpa

In March 2022, the Company entered
into an agreement with Shilpa Medicare Limited Shilpa for fit-to-purpose process development and synthesis of a key starting
material relating to the synthesis of LP-184 under cGMP. In July 2022, the Company entered into agreements with Shilpa Pharma Lifesciences
 for the cGMP synthesis of LP-184 API material as well as for drug product development and cGMP drug
product manufacturing of LP-184. In August 2022, the Company entered into agreements with Shilpa for
the cGMP synthesis of LP-284 API material as well as for drug product development and cGMP drug product manufacturing of LP-284. Approximately
 and amounts were expensed with respect to the Shilpa agreements during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
which amounts are included in research and development expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The
Company expects that expense additional amounts in future periods in accordance with the progress of work completed payment schedule specified
under the Shilpa agreements. 

Curia 

During the year ended December 31,
2022 , the Company entered into agreements with Curia Global, Inc. Curia for the cGMP manufacture of LP-300 API.
Approximately and amounts were expensed with respect to the Curia agreements during the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively, which amounts are included in research and development expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.
 The Company expects that additional amounts will be expensed in future periods in accordance with
the progress of work completed under the Curia agreements. 

LumaBridge
(formerly known as Cancer Insight) 

In May 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with Cancer Insight,
LLC, now known as LumaBridge, LLC LumaBridge for IND filing, regulatory support, Phase I pre-trial startup activities,
and strategic program consulting relating to LP-184. Approximately and amounts were expensed with respect to the LumaBridge
agreements during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which amounts are included in research and development expenses
in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The Company expects that additional amounts
will be expensed in future periods relating to services provided pursuant to the LumaBridge agreement. 

Other
Research and Service Provider Agreements 

In
addition to the agreements described above, the Company has entered into other research and service provider agreements for the advancement
of its product candidates and research and development efforts. The Company expects to expense additional amounts in future periods in
connection with existing and future research and service provider agreements. 

EU
Grant 

In
September 2018, Lantern Pharma Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Lantern Pharma Inc., was awarded a grant by the UK government in
the form of state aid under the Commission Regulations (EU) No. 651/2014 of 17 June 2014 (the General Block Exemption ),
Article 25 Aid for research and development projects, state aid notification no. SA.40154. The grant was awarded to conduct research
and development activities for the prostate cancer biomarker analysis of the LP-184 drug candidate. Following the Company s research
and development activities in Northern Ireland, the grant will reimburse the Company of its research and development expenses not
exceeding GBP of vouched and approved expenditures within specific categories. The grant contains some reporting and consent requirements.
The grant will remain in force for a period of five years. No payments to the Company have been made under the grant as of December 31,
2022. revenue has been recognized from this grant through December 31, 2022. 

Actuate
Therapeutics 

In
May 2021, the Company entered into a Collaboration Agreement with Actuate Therapeutics, Inc. Actuate ), a clinical stage
private biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of compounds for use in the treatment of cancer, and inflammatory diseases
leading to fibrosis. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company and Actuate are collaborating on utilization of the Company s RADR 
platform to develop novel biomarker derived signatures for use with one of Actuate s product candidates. As part of the collaboration,
the Company received restricted shares of Actuate stock, subject to meeting certain conditions of the collaboration, as well as
the potential to receive additional Actuate stock if results from the collaboration are utilized in future development efforts. In 2022,
the term of the Collaboration Agreement was extended to continue until March 31, 2023. Leslie W. Kreis, Jr., a director of the Company
until June 8, 2022, is also a director of Actuate. Affiliates of Mr. Kreis hold substantial beneficial ownership interests in both the
Company and Actuate. Through December 31, 2022, no revenues have been recognized under the Agreement. 

The
restricted shares of Actuate stock had a nominal value when acquired and, therefore, were recorded at a cost of . These shares do not
have a readily determinable fair value, but will be adjusted for observable price changes, if any, in future periods. There were no adjustments
to the carrying amount through December 31, 2022. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Liabilities 

Current
 portion of operating lease liabilities 

Operating
 lease liabilities, net of current portion 
 - 

Total
 operating lease liabilities 

Less amount representing interest 

Present value of future minimum lease payments 

Less current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 
 - 

In
April 2021, the Company entered into two operating leases for office space that commenced in May 2021. and automatically renew month-to-month unless the Company provided three-months
written notice to the landlord prior to initial expiration. The exercise of lease renewal options was at the Company s sole
discretion and is assessed as to whether to include any renewals in the lease term at inception. In March 2023, the Company renewed and extended its leases for office space
and access to meeting facilities in the Dallas, Texas area and in the Atlanta, Georgia area. The following table provides a
reconciliation for the Company s right of use assets and lease liabilities: 

Amortizations 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Amortizations 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Weighted average discount rate of operating leases 

The
Company also leased office space in Dallas, Texas under month-to-month lease arrangements during the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. Under these short-term leases, the Company elected the short-term lease measurement and recognition exemption under ASC 842 and
recorded rent expense as incurred. 

shares of common stock
effective June 15, 2020, with fractional share adjustments made in connection with the conversion as discussed below. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had authorized shares of preferred stock, with shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

Common
Stock 

On
January 20, 2021, the Company closed a public offering of shares of its common stock at a public offering price of per
share, which amount included shares sold upon full exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option. Total gross proceeds
from the offering were approximately , and net proceeds from the offering were approximately , after deducting
underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately and other offering expenses of approximately , including 
of deferring offering costs previously recorded. 

In
November 2021, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program to acquire up to of the Company s
common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares of common stock, pursuant to the repurchase
program for a total of approximately , including purchase fees. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased
 shares of common stock pursuant to the repurchase program for a total of approximately , including purchase fees. Upon
purchase, the repurchased shares ceased to be outstanding and returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares of common stock.
The share repurchase program terminated July 31, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock relating to the exercise of stock options. The shares
were issued at a purchase price of per share for total proceeds of approximately . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock relating to the cash exercise of warrants for total
proceeds of approximately . During the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company also issued shares of common stock relating
to the cashless exercise of warrants to purchase shares, respectively. All of such warrants were exercisable at an exercise price
of per share of common stock. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock relating to the cashless exercise of stock options
to purchase shares of common stock. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock relating to the cash exercise of warrants for total
proceeds of approximately . All of such warrants were exercisable at an exercise price of per share of common stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had authorized shares of Common Stock, of which and 
shares were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Warrants 

The
Company had warrants to purchase shares of common stock outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 at a weighted average
exercise price of per share, and with expiration dates ranging from to . The Company had warrants to
purchase shares of common stock outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2021 at a weighted average exercise price of 
per share, and with expiration dates ranging from to . 

Options 

On
August 29, 2018, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted the Lantern Pharma Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, which was
subsequently amended on December 17, 2018, February 26, 2020 and October 20, 2022. The Lantern Pharma Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and
restated, is referred to herein as the Plan . The Company reserved 
shares of its common stock for issuance under the Plan. The Plan is designed to provide additional incentives to employees,
directors and consultants to remain in the service of the Company as well as to encourage stock acquisition by members of these
targeted groups, which in the opinion of the management will support the alignment of the interests of the members of these groups
and stockholders. Options granted under the Plan are generally exercisable for up to 
years from grant date. 
shares remain available for future awards under the Plan at December 31, 2022, following the grant of options and the award of
restricted stock grants through December 31, 2022. The Company recorded stock-based compensation of approximately 
and 
related to stock options during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Total remaining unrecognized compensation
expense for non-vested options is approximately 
as of December 31, 2022, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 
years. The weighted average remaining contractual term of outstanding options at December 31, 2022 is 
years. The weighted average remaining contractual term of exercisable options at December 31, 2022 is years. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled or expired 

Outstanding December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled or expired 

Outstanding December 31, 2022 

Risk Free Rate 

Volatility 

Dividend Yield 

Grant Date Fair Value 

The
fair value of options is recognized as an expense over the vesting period and forfeitures are accounted for as they occur. 

The
total intrinsic value of options outstanding at December 31, 2022 was approximately , and the total intrinsic value of options
exercisable at December 31, 2022 was approximately . The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the year ended December
31, 2022 was approximately . The total intrinsic value of options outstanding at December 31, 2021 was approximately ,
and the total intrinsic value of options exercisable at December 31, 2021 was approximately . The total intrinsic value of
options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately . 

Expected
 Term - 
 The
 Company used a weighted average of time to vesting and maturity date. 
 
 Expected
 Volatility- 
 Due
 to the Company s limited operating history and a lack of company-specific historical and implied volatility data, the Company
 has based its estimate of expected volatility on the historical volatility of a group of similar companies that are publicly traded
 commensurate with expected term as of grant date. The historical volatility data was computed using the daily closing prices for
 the selected comparable companies shares. 
 
 Risk-Free
 Interest Rate- 
 The
 Company used the U.S. treasury bill rate commensurate with the expected term as of grant date. 
 
 Expected
 Dividend- 
 As
 the Company has not issued any dividends and does not expect to issue dividends over the life of the options, the Company has estimated
 the dividend yield to be zero. 

Corporate Bonds 

Marketable Securities - Debt 

Mutual Funds Fixed Income 
 
 - 

Mutual Funds Alternative Investments 
 
 - 

Marketable Securities Mutual Funds 
 
 - 

Total 

At
December 31, 2021, marketable securities consisted of the following: 

Amortized Cost 
 Unrealized Gains 
 Unrealized Losses 
 Aggregate Fair Value 
 
 Government Agency Securities 
 
 - 

Corporate Bonds 
 
 - 

Marketable Securities - Debt 
 
 - 

Mutual Funds Fixed Income 
 
 - 

Mutual Funds Alternative Investments 
 
 - 

Marketable Securities Mutual Funds 
 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 

Due in one to two years 

Due in two to five years 

Total 

Corporate Bonds 

Mutual Funds Fixed Income 
 - 
 - 

Mutual Funds Alternative Investments 
 - 
 - 

We
do not believe the unrealized losses represent credit losses based on our evaluation of available evidence as of December 31, 2022, which
includes an assessment of whether it is more likely than not we will be required to sell the investment before recovery of the investment s
amortized cost basis. 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Corporate Bonds 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Mutual Funds Fixed Income 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Mutual Funds Alternative Investments 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Fair value recurring basis 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2021 

Description 
 Total 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 NAV 
 
 Government Agency Securities 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Corporate Bonds 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Mutual Funds Fixed Income 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Mutual Funds Alternative Investments 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Fair
 value recurring basis 
 
 - 
 
 - 

in aggregate loan proceeds (the PPP Loan from JPMorgan Chase Bank (the Lender pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and
Economic Security (CARES) Act. The PPP Loan was evidenced by a loan application and payment agreement (the PPP Loan Agreement by and between the Company and the Lender. Subject to the terms of the PPP Loan Agreement, the PPP Loan bore interest at a fixed rate
of one percent per annum. Payments of principal and interest were deferred for the first six months following the Origination
Date, and the PPP Loan provided that it would mature two years after the Origination Date. The guidance under the Paycheck Protection
Program was later updated so that payments of principal and interest were extended past the current fiscal year and maturity was extended
past two years. The Company applied for forgiveness of the loan, and in April 2021 the Company received notice that the Small Business
Administration (SBA) had authorized full forgiveness of the PPP Loan. A gain on loan forgiveness attributed to the PPP Loan of approximately
 of principal and interest for the year ended December 31, 2021 was included in Other (expense) income, net in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations. 

Stock options 

Anti-dilutive securities 

Permanent differences 

Valuation allowance 

Total: 
 - 
 - 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was domiciled in Texas, and due to the losses generated and no revenues, it incurred no
current federal or state tax. 

Stock-based compensation 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Unrealized losses on securities 

Research and development amortization 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred tax asset 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Fixed assets 

Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

Due
to a history of losses the Company has generated since inception, the Company believes it is more-likely-than-not that all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Therefore, the Company has recorded a full valuation allowance on its
deferred tax assets. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has net operating loss NOL carryforwards for federal
income tax purposes of approximately and , respectively. . The Company has state NOLs of approximately at December 31, 2022. The Company
also has approximately of research and development tax credit carryforwards for federal purposes. These credits begin expiring
in 2034. Due to the change in ownership provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, the availability of the Company s NOL carryforwards
and research and development credit carryforwards may be subject to annual limitations under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code
against taxable income in the future period, which could substantially limit the eventual utilization of such carryforwards. 

Entities
are also required to evaluate, measure, recognize and disclose any uncertain income tax provisions taken on their income tax returns.
The Company has analyzed its tax positions and has concluded that as of December 31, 2022, there were no uncertain positions. In addition,
interest and penalties, if any, as they relate to income taxes assessed, are included in the income tax provision, for which there were
none. The Company s U.S. federal operating losses have occurred since its inception and as such, tax years subject to potential
tax examination could apply from that date because the utilization of net operating losses from prior years opens the relevant year to
audit by the IRS and/or state taxing authorities. The statute of limitations expires three years after the utilization of historical losses. 

The
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (TCJA) has modified the IRC 174 expenses related to research and development for the tax years beginning
after December 31, 2021. Under the TCJA, the Company must now capitalize the expenditures related to research and development activities
and amortize over five years for U.S. activities and 15 years for non-U.S. activities using a mid-year convention. Therefore, the capitalization
of research and development costs in accordance with IRC 174 resulted in a gross deferred tax asset of . 

F- 25 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, respectively), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The
term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it
files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive
and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that
any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives
and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

Based
on such evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Management assessed our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Management based its assessment on criteria
established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(2013 Framework). Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective
as of December 31, 2022. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to an exemption established
by the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies . 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
that occurred during the three-month period ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

121 

Inherent
Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls. 

Our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls or
our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design
of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative
to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance
that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments
in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented
by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any
system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations
in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
Applicable 

122 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information that will be contained in our proxy statement
related to our annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2023 (the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders ), which we intend
to file with the SEC within 120 days of the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information that will be contained in our proxy statement
related to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we intend to file with the SEC within 120 days of the year ended December 31,
2022. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information that will be contained in our proxy statement
related to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we intend to file with the SEC within 120 days of the year ended December 31,
2022. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information that will be contained in our proxy statement
related to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we intend to file with the SEC within 120 days of the year ended December 31,
2022. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information that will be contained in our proxy statement
related to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we intend to file with the SEC within 120 days of the year ended December 31,
2022. 

123 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

(2) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules 

All
financial statement schedules are omitted because the information called for is not required or is shown either in the consolidated financial
statements or in the notes thereto. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed herewith or incorporated by reference herein: 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 (a) 
 Certificate of Conversion (Texas) 
 
 3.2 
 (a) 
 Certificate of Conversion (Delaware) 
 
 3.3 
 (a) 
 Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 3.4 
 (b) 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 3.5 
 (b) 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 3.1.(vi) 
 (a) 
 By-laws 
 
 4.1 
 (a) 
 Form of Warrant (2019) 
 
 4.2 
 (c) 
 Form of Amendment to Series A Preferred Stock Warrant 
 
 4.3 
 (i) 
 Form of Underwriters Warrant (2020) 
 
 4.4 
 (d) 
 Specimen Stock Certificate evidencing shares of common stock 
 
 4.5 
 (k) 
 Description of Capital Stock 
 
 10.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated 2018 Equity Incentive Plan dated October 20, 2022 
 
 10.2+ 
 (a) 
 Employment Agreement dated July 23, 2018 with Panna Sharma 
 
 10.3+ 
 (f) 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement dated May 18, 2020 with Panna Sharma 
 
 10.4+ 
 (c) 
 Employment Agreement dated May 18, 2020 with David Margrave 
 
 10.5+ 
 (a) 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 
 10.6 
 (a) 
 Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement 
 
 10.7# 
 (a) 
 Technology License Agreement dated January 15, 2015, with AF Chemicals, LLC 
 
 10.8# 
 (a) 
 Assignment Agreement dated as of January 5, 2018 with BioNumerik Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 10.9# 
 (a) 
 Addendum to Technology License Agreement dated February 8, 2016, with AF Chemicals, LLC 

124 

10.10+ 
 (c) 
 Employment Agreement dated May 18, 2020 with Kishor G Bhatia 
 
 10.11 
 (g) 
 API Services Project Agreement dated July 10, 2020 with Patheon API Service 
 
 10.12# 
 (h) 
 Second Addendum to Technology License Agreement dated December 30, 2020 with AF Chemicals, LLC 

21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 23.1 
 Consent of EisnerAmper LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

104 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

(a) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed April 16, 2020. 
 
 (b) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 17, 2020. 
 
 (c) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed May 19, 2020. 
 
 (d) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed May 12, 2020. 
 
 (e) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 21, 2020. 
 
 (f) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed June 8, 2020. 
 
 (g) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2020. 
 
 (h) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed January 8, 2021. 
 
 (i) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Exhibit 1.1 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed May 19, 2020. 
 
 (j) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Exhibit 10.17 of Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 10, 2021. 
 
 (k) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Exhibit 4.3 of Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 10, 2021. 
 
 + 
 Indicates
 a management control or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 
 # 
 Certain
 confidential portions of this Exhibit were omitted by means of marking such portions with an asterisk (the Mark) because the identified
 confidential portions (i) are not material and (ii) are of the type that the Registrant treats as private and confidential. 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 with this report 

Item
16. Form 10 K Summary. 

Not
applicable. 

125 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Lantern
 Pharma Inc., 

A
 Delaware Corporation 

Dated:
 March 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Panna Sharma 

Panna
 Sharma, Chief Executive Officer 

Dated:
 March 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 David R. Margrave 

David
 R. Margrave, Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Panna Sharma 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March
 20, 2023 
 
 Panna
 Sharma 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 David R. Margrave 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 20, 2023 
 
 David
 R. Margrave 
 
 Principal
 Financial and Principal Accounting Officer 

/s/
 Donald J. Keyser 
 
 Chairman of the Board 

Donald
 J. Keyser 

March
 20, 2023 

/s/
 Maria Maccecchini 
 
 Director 

Maria
 Maccecchini 

March
 20, 2023 

/s/
 David S. Silberstein 
 
 Director 

David
 S. Silberstein 

March
 20, 2023 

/s/
 Vijay Chandru 
 
 Director 

Vijay
 Chandru 

March
 20, 2023 

/s/
 Franklyn Prendergast 
 
 Director 

Franklyn
 Prendergast 

March
 20, 2023 

126 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex10-1.htm

Exhibit 10.1 

SECOND
AMENDED AND RESTATED LANTERN PHARMA INC. 

 2018
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

I.
 GENERAL PROVISIONS 

1.1
 Establishment . On August 29, 2018, the Board of Directors of Lantern Pharma Inc. adopted the Lantern Pharma Inc. 2018 Equity
Incentive Plan. The Lantern Pharma Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan was approved by the Lantern Pharma Inc. shareholders on August 29,
2018. On December 17, 2018, the Board of Directors of Lantern Pharma Inc. approved amendments to the Lantern Pharma Inc. 2018 Equity
Incentive Plan, which amendments were approved by the shareholders of Lantern Pharma Inc. effective August 7, 2019. In connection with
the change in the state of incorporation of Lantern Pharma Inc. from Texas to Delaware in January 2020, the Lantern Pharma Inc. 2018
Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, was assumed by Lantern Pharma Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ).
Further amendments to the Lantern Pharma Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, were approved by the Corporation s
Board of Directors Board on February 26, 2020 and by the stockholders of the Corporation effective June 3, 2020. On August
19, 2020, the Board approved the Amended and Restated Plan containing the previously approved amendments described above. On October
20, 2022, the Board approved this Second Amended and Restated Plan for purposes of effecting certain non-material revisions to Sections
1.4(p) and 2.4(a), none of which required, or were subject to, stockholder approval. 

1.2
 Purpose . The purpose of the Plan is to (a) promote the best interests of the Corporation and its shareholders by encouraging
Employees, non-Employee Directors and Consultants of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries to acquire an ownership interest in the Corporation
by granting stock-based Awards, thus aligning their interests with those of shareholders, and (b) enhance the ability of the Corporation
and its Subsidiaries to attract, motivate and retain qualified Employees, non-Employee Directors and Consultants. 

1.3
 Plan Duration . The Plan became effective on August 29, 2018 and shall continue in effect until its termination by the Board;
provided, however, that no new Awards may be granted on or after August 28, 2028. 

1.4
 Definitions . As used in this Plan, the following terms have the meaning described below: 

(a)
 Administrator means the Board, unless the Board has appointed a committee to administer the Plan. 

(b)
 Agreement means the written document that sets forth the terms of a Participant s Award. 

(c)
 Award means any form of Option, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Award or Stock Bonus Award
granted under the Plan. 

(d)
 Board means the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 

(e)
 Broker Exercise Notice means a written notice pursuant to which a Participant, upon exercise of an Option, irrevocably
instructs a broker or dealer to sell a sufficient number of shares or loan a sufficient amount of money to pay all or a portion of the
exercise price of the Option and/or any related withholding tax obligations and remit such sums to the Corporation and directs the Corporation
to deliver stock certificates to be issued upon such exercise directly to such broker or dealer or their nominee. 

(f)
 California Participant means a Participant with one or more Awards issued in reliance on Section 25102(o) of
the California Corporations Code. 

(g)
 Cause means (i) if the Employee is a party to a written employment agreement with the Corporation or a Subsidiary,
 Cause as defined in such agreement, as in effect from time to time, and (ii) in all other cases, (A) Employee s continued
failure substantially to perform Employee s duties to the Corporation or its affiliates (other than as a result of total or partial
incapacity due to physical or mental illness) for a period of 10 days following written notice by the Corporation to Employee of such
failure, (B) dishonesty in the performance of Employee s duties hereunder, (C) Employee s conviction of, or plea of nolo
contendere to a crime constituting (x) a felony under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, or (y) a misdemeanor involving
moral turpitude, (D) Employee s willful malfeasance or willful misconduct in connection with Employee s duties hereunder
or any act or omission which is injurious to the financial condition or business reputation of the Corporation or its affiliates, or
(E) Employee s breach of any non-compete or confidentiality obligations to the Corporation or its affiliates. 

1 

(h)
 Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(i)
If any one person, or more than one person acting as a group (as defined in Code Section 409A and regulations thereunder), acquires ownership
of voting stock of the Corporation that, together with other voting stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than fifty percent
(50 of the total fair market value or total voting power of the capital stock of the Corporation (measured on an as converted basis
giving pro forma effect to the conversion of any outstanding convertible preferred stock into common stock, but not assuming the exercise
of any warrant or option to purchase such shares, and giving effect to the voting rights of any outstanding shares of capital stock on
matters submitted to the shareholders generally). However, if any one person or more than one person acting as a group, is considered
to own more than fifty percent (50 of the total fair market value or total voting power of the capital stock of the Corporation, the
acquisition of additional stock by the same person or persons is not considered to cause a Change in Control, or to cause a change in
the effective control of the Corporation (within the meaning of Code Section 409A and regulations thereunder). An increase in the percentage
of capital stock owned by any one person, or persons acting as a group, as a result of a transaction in which the Corporation acquires
its stock in exchange for property shall be treated as an acquisition of stock for purposes of this Section. This paragraph applies only
when there is a transfer of stock of the Corporation (or issuance of stock of the Corporation) and stock in such Corporation remains
outstanding after the transaction; 

(ii)
If a majority of members on the Corporation s Board is replaced during any 12-month period by Directors whose appointment or election
is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Corporation s Board prior to the date of the appointment or election (provided
that for purposes of this paragraph, the term Corporation refers solely to the relevant corporation, as defined in Code
Section 409A and regulations thereunder, for which no other corporation is a majority shareholder); or 

(iii)
If there is a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Corporation s assets, which shall occur on the date that
any one person, or more than one person acting as a group (within the meaning of Code Section 409A and regulations thereunder) acquires
(or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from
the Corporation that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than forty percent (40 of the total gross fair market value
of all of the assets of the Corporation immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions. For this purpose, gross fair market value
means the value of the assets of the Corporation, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities
associated with such assets. 

(i)
 Common Stock means shares of the Corporation s authorized common stock. 

(j)
 Consultant means a consultant or advisor (other than as an Employee or member of the Board) to the Corporation
or a Subsidiary; provided that such person (i) renders bona fide services that are not in connection with the offer and sale of the Corporation s
securities in a capital-raising transaction, and (ii) does not promote or maintain a market for the Corporation s securities. 

(k)
 Corporation means Lantern Pharma Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

(l)
 Director means an individual, other than an Employee, who has been elected or appointed to serve as a member
of the Board. For purposes of clarity, a Director may include a representative of an entity with a financial interest in the Corporation,
in which case settlement of an Award to a Director in such capacity may be issued or payable directly to the represented entity (or an
affiliate entity of such represented entity), if approved by the Administrator and in compliance with applicable federal and state securities
laws and regulations in effect at such time. 

2 

(m)
 Disability means total and permanent disability, as defined in the Corporation s long-term disability
benefits program, if any, as in effect from time to time or in the event no such program is in place means that the Participant is unable
to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment, as determined under
procedures established from time to time by the Administrator; provided, however, that for purposes of a Code Section 409A distribution
event, disability shall be defined under Code Section 409A and regulations thereunder. See Addendum A for special disability
provisions related to California Participants. 

(n)
 Dividend Equivalent means a credit, made at the discretion of the Board or as otherwise provided by the Plan,
to the account of a Participant in an amount equal to the cash dividend paid on one share of Common Stock for each share of Common Stock
represented by an Award held by such Participant. Dividend Equivalents shall not be paid on Option Awards. 

(o)
 Employee means an individual who has an employment relationship with the Corporation or a Subsidiary,
as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.421-1(h), and the term employment means employment with the Corporation or a Subsidiary,
as applicable. 

(p)
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(q)
 Fair Market Value means as of any date, the per share fair market value of the Common Stock (or other applicable
security, payment or consideration as the case may be), in accordance with Code Section 409A and Regulations thereunder, which shall
be determined by the Administrator in good faith on such basis as it deems appropriate and applied consistently with respect to Participants.
If shares of the Corporation are listed, admitted to unlisted trading privileges or reported on any national securities exchange or on
the NASDAQ Stock Market on such date, Fair Market Value shall mean the last sale price of the Common Stock at the end of
the regular trading session on such date (or, if no shares were traded on such day, as of the next preceding day on which there was such
a trade). 

(r)
 Grant Date means the date on which the Administrator authorizes an Award, or such later date as shall be designated
by the Administrator. 

(s)
 Incentive Stock Option means an Option granted pursuant to Article II that is intended to meet the requirements
of Code Section 422. 

(t)
 Listed Security means any security of the Corporation that is listed or approved for listing on a Stock Exchange,
or designated or approved for designation as a national market system security or an independent quotation system by the National Association
of Securities Dealers, Inc. 

(u)
 Nonqualified Stock Option means an Option granted pursuant to Article II that is not an Incentive Stock Option. 

(v)
 Option means either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonqualified Stock Option. 

(w)
 Participant means an Employee, Director or Consultant, who is designated by the Administrator to participate
in the Plan. 

(x)
 Permitted Assignee means a person described in Section 8.3(a). 

(y)
 Performance Award means any Award of Performance Shares granted pursuant to Article IV. 

3 

(z)
 Plan means the Second Amended and Restated Lantern Pharma Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, the terms of which
are set forth herein, and any amendments thereto. 

(aa)
 Restriction Period means the period of time during which a Participant s Restricted Stock or Restricted
Stock Unit is subject to restrictions and is nontransferable. 

(bb)
 Restricted Stock means Common Stock granted pursuant to Article III that is subject to a Restriction Period. 

(cc)
 Restricted Stock Unit means a right granted pursuant to Article III to receive Restricted Stock, Common Stock
or an equivalent value in cash. 

(dd)
 Performance Award means any Award of Performance Shares granted pursuant to Article IV. 

(ee)
 Stock Bonus Award means any Award of Common Stock Shares granted pursuant to Article V. 

(ff)
 Stock Exchange means the principal national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is listed for trading,
or, if the Common Stock is not listed for trading on a national securities exchange, such other recognized trading market, if any, upon
which the largest number of shares of Common Stock has been traded in the aggregate during the last 20 days before the applicable date. 

(gg)
 Subsidiary means a corporation or other entity defined in Code Section 424(f). 

(hh)
 Substitute Awards shall mean Awards granted or shares issued by the Corporation in assumption of, or in substitution
or exchange for, awards previously granted, or the right or obligation to make future awards, by a company acquired by the Corporation
or any Subsidiary or with which the Corporation or any Subsidiary combines. 

(ii)
 Vested or Vesting means the extent to which an Award granted or issued hereunder has become
exercisable, any applicable Restriction Period has terminated or lapsed in accordance with the Plan and the terms of any respective Agreement
pursuant to which such Award was granted or issued, or has become payable in whole or in part due to the satisfaction of performance
goal(s) set forth in the respective Agreement pursuant to which such Award was granted or issued. 

1.5
 Administration . 

(a)
 The Plan shall be administered by the Board, unless the Board appoints a committee with the power and authority to administer the
Plan (either, the Administrator , as applicable). The Administrator shall interpret the Plan, prescribe, amend, and rescind
rules and regulations relating to the Plan, and make all other determinations necessary or advisable for its administration. The decision
of the Administrator on any question concerning the interpretation of the Plan or its administration with respect to any Award granted
under the Plan shall be final and binding upon all Participants. No member of the Board or any committee appointed by the Board to serve
as Administrator shall be liable for any action or determination made in good faith with respect to the Plan or any Award hereunder. 

(b)
 In addition to any other powers set forth in the Plan and subject to Code Section 409A and the provisions of the Plan, the Administrator
shall have the full and final power and authority, in its discretion to: 

(i)
amend, modify, or cancel any Award, or to waive any restrictions or conditions applicable to any Award or any shares acquired pursuant
thereto; 

(ii)
accelerate, continue, or defer the exercisability or Vesting of any Award or any shares acquired pursuant thereto; 

4 

(iii)
authorize, in conjunction with any applicable deferred compensation plan of the Corporation, that the receipt of cash or Common Stock
subject to any Award under this Plan may be deferred under the terms and conditions of such deferred compensation plan; 

(iv)
determine the terms and conditions of Awards granted to Participants and whether such terms and conditions have been satisfied; and 

(v)
establish such other Awards, besides those specifically enumerated in the Plan, which the Administrator determines are consistent with
the Plan s purposes. 

1.6
 Participants . Participants in the Plan shall be such Employees, Directors and Consultants of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries
as the Administrator in its sole discretion may select from time to time. The Administrator may grant Awards to an individual upon the
condition that the individual become an Employee, Director or Consultant of the Corporation or of a Subsidiary, provided that the Award
shall be deemed to be granted only on the date that the individual becomes an Employee, Director or Consultant, as applicable. 

1.7
 Stock . 

(a)
 The Corporation has reserved 1,489,680 shares of Common Stock for issuance pursuant to stock-based Awards under the Plan, all of
which shares may be granted pursuant to Incentive Stock Options under the Plan. All provisions in this Section 1.7 shall be adjusted,
as applicable, in accordance with Article VII. 

(b)
 Each share of Common Stock subject to any Award shall be counted against the aggregate reserved share limit in paragraph (a) above
as one share. 

(c)
 The shares subject to any portion of an Award that is forfeited, cancelled, or expires or otherwise terminates without issuance of
such shares, or is settled for cash or otherwise does not result in the issuance of all or a portion of the shares subject to such Award,
shall, to the extent of such forfeiture, cancellation, expiration, termination, cash settlement or non-issuance, again be available for
issuance pursuant to Awards under the Plan and shall not be counted against the limitations in Section 1.7(a). 

(d)
 For the avoidance of doubt, the following shares of Common Stock, however, may not again be made available for issuance as Awards
under the Plan: (i) the full number of shares not issued or delivered as a result of the net settlement of an outstanding Option, regardless
of the number of shares actually used to make such settlement; (ii) shares used to pay the exercise price or for settlement of any Award;
(iii) shares used to satisfy withholding taxes related to the exercise or settlement of any Award; and (iv) shares subject to a Restricted
Stock Award that have been forfeited. 

(e)
 Substitute Awards shall not reduce the shares reserved for issuance under the Plan or authorized for grant to a Participant in any
fiscal year. Additionally, in the event that a company acquired by the Corporation or any Subsidiary or with which the Corporation or
any Subsidiary combines has shares available under a pre-existing plan approved by shareholders and not adopted in contemplation of such
acquisition or combination, the shares available for grant pursuant to the terms of such pre-existing plan (as adjusted, to the extent
appropriate, using the exchange ratio or other adjustment or valuation ratio or formula used in such acquisition or combination to determine
the consideration payable to the holders of common stock of the entities party to such acquisition or combination) may be used for Awards
under the Plan and shall not reduce the shares authorized for issuance under the Plan; provided that Awards using such available shares
shall not be made after the date awards or grants could have been made under the terms of the pre-existing plan, absent the acquisition
or combination, and shall only be made to individuals who were not Employees or Directors or an affiliate of the Corporation or its Subsidiaries
prior to such acquisition or combination. 

1.8
 Repricing . Except as provided in Section 7.1, the Administrator shall not approve a program providing for (a) the cancellation
of outstanding Options and the grant in substitution therefor of any new Options under the Plan having a lower exercise price than the
Fair Market Value of the underlying Common Stock on the original Grant Date; (b) the amendment of outstanding Options to reduce the exercise
price thereof below the Fair Market Value of the underlying Common Stock on the original Grant Date; or (c) the exchange of outstanding
Options for cash or other Awards if the exercise price per share of such Options is greater than the Fair Market Value per share as of
the date of exchange. This Section shall not be construed to apply to issuing or assuming a stock option in a transaction to which
section 424(a) applies, within the meaning of Code Section 424. 

5 

II.
 STOCK OPTIONS 

2.1
 Grant of Options . The Administrator, at any time and from time to time, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, may
grant Options to such Participants and for such number of shares of Common Stock as it shall designate, and shall determine the general
terms and conditions of exercise, which shall be set forth in a Participant s Agreement. Any Participant may hold more than one
Option under the Plan and any other plan of the Corporation or Subsidiary. No Option granted hereunder may be exercised after the tenth
anniversary of the Grant Date. The Administrator may designate any Option granted as either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonqualified
Stock Option, or the Administrator may designate a portion of an Option as an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonqualified Stock Option. 

2.2
 Incentive Stock Options . Any Option intended to constitute an Incentive Stock Option shall comply with the requirements of
this Section 2.2. An Incentive Stock Option may only be granted to an Employee. No Incentive Stock Option shall be granted with an exercise
price below the Fair Market Value of Common Stock on the Grant Date nor with an exercise term that extends beyond ten (10) years from
the Grant Date. An Incentive Stock Option shall not be granted to any Participant who owns (within the meaning of Code Section 424(d))
stock of the Corporation or any Subsidiary possessing more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the
Corporation or a Subsidiary unless, at the Grant Date, the exercise price for the Option is at least 110 of the Fair Market Value of
the shares subject to the Option and the Option, by its terms, is not exercisable more than five (5) years after the Grant Date. The
aggregate Fair Market Value of the underlying Common Stock (determined at the Grant Date) as to which Incentive Stock Options granted
under the Plan (including a plan of a Subsidiary) may first be exercised by a Participant in any one calendar year shall not exceed 100,000.
To the extent that an Option intended to constitute an Incentive Stock Option shall violate the foregoing 100,000 limitation (or any
other limitation set forth in Code Section 422), the portion of the Option that exceeds the 100,000 limitation (or violates any other
Code Section 422 limitation) shall be deemed to constitute a Nonqualified Stock Option. 

2.3
 Exercise Price . The Administrator shall determine the per share exercise price for each Option granted under the Plan. No
Option may be granted with an exercise price below 100 of the Fair Market Value of Common Stock on the Grant Date. 

2.4
 Payment for Option Shares . 

(a)
 The purchase price for shares of Common Stock to be acquired upon exercise of an Option granted hereunder shall be paid in full in
cash or by personal check, bank draft or money order at the time of exercise; provided, however, that in lieu of such form of payment,
and subject to the approval of the Administrator, payment may be made by (i) tendering shares of Common Stock to the Corporation having
a Fair Market Value equal to the total purchase price on the exercise date which are freely owned and held by the Participant independent
of any restrictions or hypothecations, (ii) tendering a Broker Exercise Notice, (iii) net issuance whereby in the money 
Options are cancelled and the spread is applied towards the exercise of other Options, (iv) delivery of other consideration approved
by the Administrator having a Fair Market Value on the exercise date equal to the total purchase price, or (v) any combination of the
foregoing. 

(b)
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option may not be exercised by delivery to or withholding by the Corporation of shares of Common
Stock to the extent that such delivery or withholding (i) would constitute a violation of the provisions of any law or regulation, or
(ii) if there is a substantial likelihood that the use of such form of payment would result in adverse accounting treatment to the Corporation
under generally accepted accounting principles. Until a Participant has been issued a certificate or certificates for the shares of Common
Stock so purchased (or the book entry representing such shares has been made), he or she shall possess no rights as a record holder with
respect to any such shares. 

6 

III.
 RESTRICTED STOCK AND RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 

3.1
 Grant of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Administrator,
at any time and from time to time, may grant Awards of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units under the Plan to such Participants
and in such amounts as it shall determine. 

3.2
 Terms of Awards . Each Award of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units shall be evidenced by an Agreement that shall specify
the terms of the restrictions, including the Restriction Period, or Restriction Periods, the number of Common Stock shares or units subject
to the Award, the purchase price for the shares of Restricted Stock, if any, the form of consideration that may be used to pay the purchase
price of the Restricted Stock, including those specified in Section 2.4, and such other general terms and conditions, including performance
goal(s), as the Administrator shall determine. 

3.3
 Transferability . Except as provided in this Article III and Section 8.3 of the Plan, the shares of Common Stock subject to
an Award of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder may not be transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated
or hypothecated until the termination of the applicable Restriction Period or for such period of time as shall be established by the
Administrator and specified in the applicable Agreement, or upon the earlier satisfaction of other conditions as specified by the Administrator
in its sole discretion and as set forth in the applicable Agreement. 

3.4
 Other Restrictions . The Administrator shall impose such other restrictions on any shares of Common Stock subject to an Award
of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units under the Plan as it may deem advisable including, without limitation, restrictions under
applicable federal or state securities laws, and the issuance of a legended certificate of Common Stock representing such shares to give
appropriate notice of such restrictions (or, if issued in book entry form, a notation with similar restrictive effect with respect to
the book entry representing such shares). Subject to Code Section 409A, the Administrator shall have the discretion to waive the applicable
Restriction Period with respect to all or any part of the Common Stock subject to an Award of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units. 

3.5
 Voting Rights . During the Restriction Period, Participants holding issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock subject to
an Award of Restricted Stock may exercise full voting rights with respect to the Restricted Stock, while such Award remains outstanding. 

3.6
 Dividends and Dividend Equivalents . 

(a)
 Except as set forth below or in a Participant s Agreement, a Participant shall be entitled to receive all dividends and other
distributions paid with respect to issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock subject to an Award of Restricted Stock, while such
Award remains outstanding. If any dividends or distributions are paid in shares of Common Stock during the Restriction Period applicable
to an Award of Restricted Stock, the dividend or other distribution shares shall be subject to the same restrictions on transferability
as the shares of Common Stock with respect to which they were paid. 

(b)
 The Administrator, in its discretion, may provide in the Agreement evidencing any Restricted Stock Unit Award that the Participant
shall be entitled to receive Dividend Equivalents with respect to the payment of cash dividends on Common Stock having a record date
prior to the date on which Restricted Stock Units held by such Participant are settled. Such Dividend Equivalents, if any, shall be paid
by crediting the Participant with additional whole Restricted Stock Units as of the date of payment of such cash dividends on Common
Stock. The number of additional Restricted Stock Units (rounded to the nearest whole number) to be so credited shall be determined by
dividing (i) the amount of cash dividends paid on such date with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock represented by the Restricted
Stock Units previously credited to the Participant as of the record date of such dividend, by (ii) the Fair Market Value per share of
Common Stock on such date. Such additional Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to the same terms and conditions and shall be settled
in the same manner and at the same time or times (or as soon thereafter as practicable) as the corresponding Restricted Stock Units on
which the Dividend Equivalent was paid. In the event of a dividend or distribution paid in shares of Common Stock or any other adjustment
made upon a change in the capital structure of the Corporation as described in Article VII, appropriate adjustments shall be made in
the Participant s Restricted Stock Unit so that it represents the right to receive upon settlement any and all new, substituted
or additional securities or other property (other than normal cash dividends) to which the Participant would be entitled by reason of
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Unit, and all such new, substituted or additional securities
or other property shall be immediately subject to the same restrictions as are applicable to the Restricted Stock Unit. 

7 

3.7
 Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . If a Restricted Stock Unit is payable in Common Stock, the Corporation shall issue to
a Participant on the date on which Restricted Stock Units subject to the Participant s Award Vest or on such other date determined
by the Administrator, in its discretion, and set forth in the Agreement, one share of Common Stock and/or any other new, substituted
or additional securities or other property pursuant to an adjustment described in Section 7.1 for each Restricted Stock Unit then becoming
Vested or otherwise to be settled on such date, subject to the withholding of applicable taxes. Notwithstanding any other provision in
this Plan to the contrary, any Restricted Stock Unit, whether settled in Common Stock, cash or other property, shall be paid no later
than two and a half (TA) months after the later of the end of the fiscal or calendar year in which the Restricted Stock Unit Vests. 

IV.
 PERFORMANCE AWARDS 

4.1
 Grant of Performance Awards . The Administrator, in its discretion, may grant Performance Awards to Participants and may determine,
on an individual or group basis, the performance goal(s) to be attained pursuant to each Performance Award. 

4.2
 Terms of Awards . 

(a)
 Performance Awards shall consist of rights to receive cash, Common Stock, other property or a combination thereof, if designated
performance goal(s) are achieved. The terms of a Participant s Performance Award shall be set forth in a Participant s Agreement.
Each Agreement shall specify the performance goal(s), which may include the Performance Measures, applicable to a particular Participant
or group of Participants, the period over which the targeted goal(s) are to be attained, the payment schedule if the goal(s) are attained,
and any other general terms as the Administrator shall determine and conditions applicable to an individual Performance Award. Subject
to Code Section 409A, the Administrator, in its discretion, may waive all or part of the conditions, goals and restrictions applicable
to the receipt of full or partial payment of a Performance Award. 

(b)
 Performance Awards may be granted as Performance Shares or Performance Units, at the discretion of the Administrator. Performance
Awards shall be paid no later than two and a half (2 months after the later of the end of the fiscal or calendar year in which
the Performance Award is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture. 

(i)
In the case of Performance Shares, the Participant shall receive a legended certificate of Common Stock, restricted from transfer prior
to the satisfaction of the designated performance goal(s) and restrictions (or shares may be issued in book entry form with a notation
having similar restrictive effect with respect to the book entry representing such shares), as determined by the Administrator and specified
in the Participant s Agreement. Prior to satisfaction of the performance goal(s) and restrictions, the Participant shall be entitled
to vote the Performance Shares to the extent such shares are issued and outstanding. Further, any dividends paid on such shares during
the performance period automatically shall, as provided in the Participant s Agreement: (A) be reinvested on behalf of the Participant
in additional Performance Shares under the Plan, and such additional shares shall be subject to the same performance goal(s) and restrictions
as the other shares under the Performance Share Award; (B) be payable in cash upon satisfaction of, and subject to the same performance
goal(s) and restrictions as the underlying shares for the Performance Share Award; or (C) be provided in a combination thereof. 

(ii)
In the case of Performance Units, the Participant shall receive an Agreement from the Administrator that specifies the performance goal(s)
and restrictions that must be satisfied before the Corporation shall issue the payment, which may be cash, a designated number of shares
of Common Stock, other property or a combination thereof. 

8 

V.
 STOCK BONUS AWARDS 

5.1
 Grant of Stock Bonus Awards . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Administrator, at any time and from time
to time, may grant Stock Bonus Awards under the Plan to such Participants and in such amount as it shall determine. 

5.2
 Terms of Awards . 

(a)
 Stock Bonus Awards are intended to serve as a form of discretionary bonus to be paid in shares of Common Stock to Employees selected
by the Administrator. The number of shares in a Stock Bonus Award and any terms and restrictions applicable to the Stock Bonus Award
shall be designated by the Administrator at the time of grant and set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement. Stock Bonus Awards
may be, but are not required to be, subject to Vesting requirements and/or other restrictions. The Administrator shall have the authority
to waive any Vesting or other restrictions applicable to a Stock Bonus Award. Stock Bonus Awards shall be paid as soon as reasonably
practical but not later than two and one half (2-1/2) months after the Grant Date. 

(b)
 In the case of Stock Bonus Awards that are subject to Vesting or other restrictions, the Participant shall receive a legended certificate
of Common Stock, restricted from transfer prior to the satisfaction of the designated restrictions (or shares may be issued in book entry
form with a notation having similar restrictive effect with respect to the book entry representing such shares), as determined by the
Administrator and specified in the Participant s Agreement. Prior to satisfaction of the restrictions, the Participant shall be
entitled to vote the shares issued under a Stock Bonus Award to the extent such shares are issued and outstanding. Further, any dividends
paid on such shares while subject to restrictions shall, as provided in the Participant s Agreement, be reinvested on behalf of
the Participant in additional Stock Bonus shares under the Plan, and such additional shares shall be subject to the same restrictions
as the other shares under the Stock Bonus Award. 

VI.
 TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT OR SERVICES 

6.1
 Options . Unless otherwise provided in a Participant s Agreement: 

(a)
 If, prior to the date when an Option first becomes Vested, a Participant s employment or services are terminated for any reason,
the Participant s right to exercise the Option shall terminate and all rights thereunder shall cease. 

(b)
 If, on or after the date when an Option first becomes Vested, a Participant s employment or services are terminated for any
reason other than the Participant s death or Disability, the Participant shall have the right, within the earlier of (i) the expiration
of the Option and (ii) three (3) months after termination of employment or services, as applicable, to exercise the Option to the extent
that it was exercisable and unexercised on the date of the Participant s termination of employment or services, subject to any
other limitation on the exercise of the Option in effect on the date of exercise. 

(c)
 If, on or after the date when an Option first becomes Vested, a Participant s employment or services are terminated due to
the Participant s death while the Option is still exercisable, the person or persons to whom the Option shall have been transferred
by will or the laws of descent and distribution, shall have the right within the exercise period specified in the Participant s
Agreement to exercise the Option to the extent that it was exercisable and unexercised on the Participant s date of death, subject
to any other limitation on exercise in effect on the date of exercise. The beneficial tax treatment of an Incentive Stock Option may
be forfeited if the Option is exercised more than one year after a Participant s date of death. 

(d)
 If, on or after the date when an Option first becomes Vested, a Participant s employment or services are terminated due to
the Participant s Disability, the Participant shall have the right, within the exercise period specified in the Participant s
Agreement, to exercise the Option to the extent that it was exercisable and unexercised on the date of the Participant s termination
of employment or services due to Disability, subject to any other limitation on the exercise of the Option in effect on the date of exercise.
If the Participant dies after termination of employment or services, as applicable, while the Option is still exercisable, the Option
shall be exercisable in accordance with the terms of paragraph (c) above. 

9 

(e)
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrator, at the time of a Participant s termination of employment or services, may accelerate
a Participant s right to exercise an Option, or, subject to Code Section 409A, and Section 2.1, may extend the term of the Option. 

(f)
 Shares subject to Options that are not exercised in accordance with the provisions of (a) through (e) above shall expire and be forfeited
by the Participant as of their expiration date. 

6.2
 Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Unit Awards, Performance Awards and Stock Bonus Awards . With respect to any Restricted
Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, Performance Award or Stock Bonus Award, unless otherwise provided in a Participant s
Agreement: 

(a)
 If a Participant s employment or services are terminated for any reason, any portion of such an Award that is not yet Vested
automatically shall terminate and be forfeited by the Participant. 

(b)
 If, with respect to a Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award, the terminated Participant was required to pay a purchase
price for the Restricted Stock subject to such Award, other than for the performance of services, the Corporation shall have the option
to repurchase any shares acquired by the Participant which are still subject to any Restriction Period for the purchase price paid by
the Participant. 

(c)
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrator, in its discretion, may provide in a Participant s Agreement for the continuation
of any such Award after a Participant s employment or services are terminated or, subject to Code Section 409A, may waive or change
the remaining conditions, goals or restrictions, or add additional conditions, goals or restrictions, with respect to such Award, as
it deems appropriate. 

6.3
 Other Provisions . The transfer of an Employee from one corporation to another among the Corporation and any of its Subsidiaries,
or a leave of absence under the leave policy of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries shall not be a termination of employment for
purposes of the Plan, unless a provision to the contrary is expressly stated by the Administrator in a Participant s Agreement
issued under the Plan. 

VII.
 ADJUSTMENTS AND CHANGE IN CONTROL 

7.1
 Adjustments . In the event of a merger, reorganization, statutory share exchange, consolidation, recapitalization, dividend
or distribution (whether in cash, shares or other property), stock split, reverse stock split, spin-off or similar transaction or other
change in corporate structure affecting the Common Stock or the value thereof, such adjustments and other substitutions shall be made
to the Plan and Awards as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, deems equitable or appropriate, including adjustments in the aggregate
number, class and kind of securities that may be delivered under the Plan and, in the aggregate or to any one Participant, in the number,
class, kind and option or exercise price of securities subject to outstanding Awards granted under the Plan (including, if the Administrator
deems appropriate, the substitution of cash, similar options to purchase the shares of, or other awards denominated in the shares of,
another company, or other property, as the Administrator may determine to be appropriate in its sole discretion). Any of the foregoing
adjustments may provide for the elimination of any fractional share which might otherwise become subject to any Award. 

7.2
 Change in Control . 

(a)
 Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, unless otherwise provided in a Participant s Agreement to the contrary,
upon a Change in Control, the Administrator may make any of the following determinations: (i) any outstanding Option granted hereunder
immediately shall become fully Vested and exercisable, regardless of any installment provision applicable to such Option; (ii) the remaining
Restriction Period on any shares of Common Stock subject to a Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit Award granted hereunder immediately
shall lapse and the shares shall become fully transferable, subject to any applicable federal or state securities laws; (iii) all performance
goals and conditions shall be deemed to have been satisfied and all restrictions shall lapse on any outstanding Performance Awards, which
immediately shall become payable (either in full or pro-rata based on the portion of the applicable performance period completed as of
the Change in Control); and (iv) all Vesting and/.or other restrictions shall lapse on any outstanding Stock Bonus Award shares that
are subject to Vesting and/or other restrictions. 

10 

(b)
 The Administrator may, in its sole discretion and without the consent of any Participant, determine that, upon the occurrence of
a Change in Control, each or any Option outstanding immediately prior to the Change in Control shall be cancelled in exchange for a payment
with respect to each Vested share of Common Stock subject to such cancelled Option in (i) cash, (ii) stock of the Corporation or of a
corporation or other business entity that is a party to the Change in Control, or (iii) other property which, in any such case, shall
be in an amount having a Fair Market Value equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of the consideration to be paid per share of
Common Stock in the Change in Control transaction over the exercise price per share under such Option (the Spread ). In
the event such determination is made by the Administrator, the Spread (reduced by applicable withholding taxes, if any, to the extent
determined by the Administrator) shall be paid to a Participant in respect of the Participant s cancelled Options on or as soon
as practicable following the date of the Change in Control. 

(c)
 The Administrator, in its sole discretion and without the consent of any Participant, may cancel at the time of a Change in Control
any outstanding Option that has an exercise price that exceeds the Fair Market Value of the consideration to be paid per share of Common
Stock in the Change in Control transaction. 

VIII.
 MISCELLANEOUS 

8.1
 Partial Exercise/Fractional Shares . The Administrator may permit, and shall establish procedures for, the partial exercise
of Options granted under the Plan. No fractional shares shall be issued in connection with the exercise of an Option or payment of a
Performance Award, Restricted Stock Award, or Restricted Stock Unit Award. Instead, the Fair Market Value of the fractional shares shall
be paid in cash, or at the discretion of the Administrator, the number of shares shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number of
shares and any fractional shares shall be disregarded. 

8.2
 Rights Prior to Issuance of Shares . No Participant shall have any rights as a shareholder with respect to shares covered by
an Award until the issuance of a stock certificate for such shares or electronic transfer of such shares (or book entry representing
such shares) to the Participant has been made. No adjustment shall be made for dividends or other rights with respect to such shares
for which the record date is prior to the date the certificate is issued (or electronic transfer or book entry is made), except as otherwise
provided in the Plan or a Participant s Agreement or by the Administrator. 

8.3
 Non-Assignability; Certificate Legend; Removal . 

(a)
 Except as described below or as otherwise determined by the Administrator in a Participant s Agreement, no Award shall be transferable
by a Participant except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and an Option shall be exercised only by a Participant during
the lifetime of the Participant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with the consent of the Administrator, a Participant may assign or transfer
an Award that is not an Incentive Stock Option to (i) one or more members of the Participant s immediate family; (ii) a trust established
by the Participant for the benefit of the Participant and/or one or more members of the Participant s immediate family; or (iii)
an entity represented by a Director (or to an affiliate entity of such represented entity), provided that there are available federal
and state securities law exemptions for such assignment or transfer Permitted Assignee ), provided further that any Permitted
Assignee agrees in writing on a form prescribed by the Corporation to be bound by all provisions of the Plan and applicable Award Agreement(s)
and subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan and any Agreement relating to the transferred Award and shall execute an agreement
satisfactory to the Corporation evidencing such obligations. 

11 

(b)
 Each certificate representing shares of Common Stock subject to an Award, to the extent a certificate is issued, shall bear the following
legend: 

The
sale or other transfer of the shares of stock represented by this certificate, whether voluntary, involuntary or by operation of law,
is subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth in the Second Amended and Restated Lantern Pharma Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive
Plan, as amended and restated Plan ), rules and administrative guidelines adopted pursuant to such Plan [and an Agreement
dated _______, ____]. A copy of the Plan, such rules and such Agreement may be obtained from the Secretary of Lantern Pharma Inc. 

If
shares are issued in book entry form, a notation to the same restrictive effect as the legend above shall be placed on the transfer agent s
books in connection with such shares. 

(c)
 Subject to applicable federal and state securities laws, issued shares of Common Stock subject to an Award shall become freely transferable
by the Participant after all applicable restrictions, limitations, performance requirements or other conditions have terminated, expired,
lapsed or been satisfied. Once such issued shares of Common Stock are released from such restrictions, limitations, performance requirements
or other conditions, the Participant shall be entitled to have the legend required by this Section 8.3 removed from the applicable Common
Stock certificate (or notation removed from such book entry). 

8.4
 Securities Laws . 

(a)
 Anything to the contrary herein notwithstanding, the Corporation s obligation to sell and deliver Common Stock pursuant to
the exercise of an Option or deliver Common Stock pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, Performance Award
or Stock Bonus Award is subject to such compliance with federal and state laws, rules and regulations applying to the authorization,
issuance or sale of securities as the Corporation deems necessary or advisable. The Corporation shall not be required to sell and deliver
or issue Common Stock unless and until it receives satisfactory assurance that the issuance or transfer of such shares shall not violate
any of the provisions of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, or the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
promulgated thereunder or those of the Stock Exchange or any stock exchange on which the Common Stock may be listed, the provisions of
any other applicable laws governing the sale of securities, or that there has been compliance with the provisions of such acts, rules,
regulations and laws. 

(b)
 The Administrator may impose such restrictions on any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Option or the
grant of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units or the payment of a Performance Award or Stock Bonus Award under the Plan as it may
deem advisable, including, without limitation, restrictions under applicable federal and state securities laws. 

8.5
 Withholding Taxes . 

(a)
 The Corporation shall have the right to withhold from a Participant s compensation or require a Participant to remit sufficient
funds to satisfy applicable withholding for income and employment taxes upon the exercise of an Option or the lapse of the Restriction
Period on a Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit Award, or the payment of a Performance Award or Stock Bonus Award. If shares
of the Corporation are Listed Securities, a Participant may in order to fulfill the withholding obligation tender previously-acquired
shares of Common Stock or have shares of stock withheld from the exercise, provided that the shares have an aggregate Fair Market Value
sufficient to satisfy in whole or in part the applicable withholding taxes. Other payment methods as set forth in Section 2.4(a)(ii)
may also be utilized to satisfy any applicable withholding requirements. At no point shall the Corporation withhold from the exercise
of an Option more shares than are necessary to meet the established tax withholding requirements of federal, state and local obligations. 

(b)
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant may not use shares of Common Stock to satisfy the withholding requirements to the extent
that (i) such withholding would constitute a violation of the provisions of any law or regulation, or (iii) there is a substantial likelihood
that the use of such form of payment would result in adverse accounting treatment to the Corporation under generally accepted accounting
principles. 

12 

8.6
 Termination and Amendment . 

(a)
 The Administrator may terminate the Plan, or the granting of Awards under the Plan, at any time. 

(b)
 The Administrator may amend or modify the Plan at any time and from time to time, and the Administrator may amend or modify the terms
of an outstanding Agreement at any time and from time to time, but no amendment or modification, without the approval of the shareholders
of the Corporation, shall (i) materially increase the benefits accruing to Participants under the Plan; (ii) increase the amount of Common
Stock for which Awards may be made under the Plan, except as permitted under Sections 1.7 and Article VII; or (iii) change the provisions
relating to the eligibility of individuals to whom Awards may be made under the Plan. 

(c)
 No amendment, modification, or termination of the Plan or an outstanding Agreement shall in any manner materially and adversely affect
any then outstanding Award under the Plan without the consent of the Participant holding such Award, except as set forth in any Agreement
relating to the Award, or as set forth in Sections 7.2(c) and 8.10, or to bring the Plan and/or an Award into compliance with the requirements
of Code Section 409A or to qualify for an exemption under Code Section 409A. 

8.7
 Code Section 409A . It is intended that Awards granted under the Plan shall be exempt from or in compliance with Code Section
409A, and the provisions of the Plan are to be construed accordingly. The Board reserves the right to amend the terms of the Plan and
any outstanding Agreement if necessary either to exempt such Award from Code Section 409A or comply with the requirements of Code Section
409A, as applicable. However, unless otherwise specified herein or in a Participant s Agreement, in no event shall the Corporation
or a Subsidiary be responsible for any tax or penalty owed by a Participant or beneficiary with regard to an Award payment. For purposes
of the Plan and any Agreement, the terms separation from service or termination of employment (or variations
thereof) shall be synonymous with the meaning given to the term separation from service as defined in Code Section 409A
and regulations thereunder. Any installment payments under the Plan shall be deemed to constitute separate payments for Code Section
409A purposes. 

8.8
 Effect on Employment or Services . Neither the adoption of the Plan nor the granting of any Award pursuant to the Plan shall
be deemed to create any right in any individual to be retained or continued in the employment or services of the Corporation or a Subsidiary. 

8.9
 Use of Proceeds . The proceeds received from the sale of Common Stock pursuant to the Plan shall be used for general corporate
purposes of the Corporation. 

8.10
 Severability . If any one or more of the provisions (or any part thereof) of this Plan or of any Agreement issued hereunder,
shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such provision shall be modified so as to make it valid, legal
and enforceable, and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions (or any part thereof) of the Plan or of any
Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. The Board may, without the consent of any Participant, and in a manner
determined necessary solely in the discretion of the Board, amend the Plan and any outstanding Agreement as the Corporation deems necessary
to ensure the Plan and all Awards remain valid, legal or enforceable in all respects. 

8.11
 Beneficiary Designation . Except as otherwise designated in a Participant s Agreement, and subject to local laws and
procedures, each Participant may file a written beneficiary designation with the Corporation stating who is to receive any benefit under
the Plan to which the Participant is entitled in the event of such Participant s death before receipt of any or all of a Plan benefit.
Each designation shall revoke all prior designations by the same Participant, be in a form prescribed by the Corporation, and become
effective only when filed by the Participant in writing with the Corporation during the Participant s lifetime. If a Participant
dies without an effective beneficiary designation for a beneficiary who is living at the time of the Participant s death, the Corporation
shall pay any remaining unpaid benefits to the Participant s legal representative. 

13 

8.12
 Unfunded Obligation . A Participant shall have the status of a general unsecured creditor of the Corporation. Any amounts payable
to a Participant pursuant to the Plan shall be unfunded and unsecured obligations for all purposes. The Corporation shall not be required
to segregate any monies from its general funds, or to create any trusts, or establish any special accounts with respect to such obligations.
The Corporation shall retain at all times beneficial ownership of any investments, including trust investments, which the Corporation
may make to fulfill its payment obligations hereunder. Any investments or the creation or maintenance of any trust or any Participant
account shall not create or constitute a trust or fiduciary relationship between the Board or the Corporation and a Participant, or otherwise
create any vested or beneficial interest in any Participant or the Participant s creditors in any assets of the Corporation. A
Participant shall have no claim against the Corporation for any changes in the value of any assets which may be invested or reinvested
by the Corporation with respect to the Plan. 

8.13
 Approval of Plan . The Lantern Pharma Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan was (i) approved by the holders of at least a majority
of the votes cast on a proposal to approve the Plan at a duly held meeting of shareholders of the Corporation held on August 29, 2018,
and (ii) amended and further approved as described in Section 1.1. 

8.14
 Governing Law . Except to the extent governed by applicable federal law, the validity, interpretation, construction and performance
of the Plan and Agreements under the Plan, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of
law rules. 

14 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , this Second Amended and Restated Lantern Pharma Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan has been executed on behalf of the
Corporation effective as of October 20, 2022. 

LANTERN
 PHARMA INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Panna Sharma 

Its: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

ADDENDUM
A 

 LANTERN
PHARMA INC. 

SECOND
AMENDED AND RESTATED 2018 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

(California
Participants) 

Prior
to the date, if ever, on which the Common Stock becomes a Listed Security and/or the Corporation is subject to the reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act, the terms set forth herein shall apply to Awards issued to California Participants. All capitalized terms used herein
but not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Plan. 

1.
The following rules shall apply to any Option in the event of a Participant s separation from service with the Corporation: 

(a)
If such termination was for reasons other than death, disability (as defined below), or Cause, the Participant shall have
at least thirty (30) days after the date of such termination to exercise his or her Option to the extent the Participant is entitled
to exercise such Option on his or her termination date, provided that in no event shall the Option be exercisable after the expiration
of the Option term as set forth in the Option Agreement. 

(b)
If such termination was due to death or disability, the Participant shall have at least six (6) months after the date of such termination
to exercise his or her Option to the extent the Participant is entitled to exercise on his or her termination date, provided that in
no event shall the Option be exercisable after the expiration of the Option term as set forth in the Option Agreement. 

Disability 
for purposes of this Addendum shall mean the inability of the Participant, in the opinion of a qualified physician acceptable to the
Corporation, to perform the major duties of the Participant s position with the Corporation or any Subsidiary because of the sickness
of injury of the Participant. 

2.
Notwithstanding anything stated herein to the contrary, no Option shall be exercisable on or after the tenth anniversary of the date
of grant and any Award Agreement shall terminate on or before the tenth anniversary of the date of grant. 

3.
The Corporation shall furnish summary financial information (audited or unaudited) of the Corporation s financial condition and
results of operations, consistent with the requirements of Applicable Laws, at least annually to each California Participant during the
period such Participant has one or more Awards outstanding, and in the case of an individual who acquired Shares pursuant to the Plan,
during the period such Participant owns such Shares. The Corporation shall not be required to provide such information if (i) the issuance
is limited to key employees whose duties in connection with the Corporation assure their access to equivalent information or (ii) the
Plan or any agreement complies with all conditions of Rule 701 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; provided that for purposes
of determining such compliance, any registered domestic partner shall be considered a family member as that term is defined
in Rule 701. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

List
of Subsidiaries 

Name
 of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction 

Starlight
 Therapeutics Inc. 
 
 Delaware,
 USA 

Lantern
 Pharma Australia Pty Ltd 
 
 Victoria,
 Australia 

Lantern
 Pharma Limited 
 
 Northern
 Ireland 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of Lantern Pharma Inc. on Form S-3 (No. 333-257643) of our report
dated March 20, 2023, on our audit of the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the years
then ended, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed on or about March 20, 2023. 

/s/
EisnerAmper LLP 

EISNERAMPER
LLP 

 Iselin,
New Jersey 

 March
20, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Panna Sharma, certify that: 

(1) 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lantern Pharma Inc.; 

(2) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

(4) 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the company and have: 

(a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
 likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
 performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

LANTERN
 PHARMA INC. 

Date:
 March 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Panna Sharma 

Panna
 Sharma, Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, David R. Margrave, certify that: 

(1) 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lantern Pharma Inc.; 

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the company and have: 

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

LANTERN PHARMA INC. 

Date: March 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ David R. Margrave 

David R. Margrave, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. ss.1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Lantern Pharma Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Panna Sharma, the Chief Executive
Officer, and David R. Margrave, the Chief Financial Officer, of the Company, respectively, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

By: 
 /s/
 Panna Sharma 
 
 Dated:
 March 20, 2023 

Panna
 Sharma 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 David R. Margrave 
 
 Dated:
 March 20, 2023 

David
 R. Margrave 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

This
certification is made solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, subject to the knowledge standard contained therein, and not
for any other purpose. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 25
 ltrn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 27
 ltrn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 28
 ltrn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 29
 ltrn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

