<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230327_10-K_edgar_data_60667_0000060667-23-000034.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13549922</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>250318</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2433100</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5406843</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2757136</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2428355</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000060667-23-000034.hdr.sgml : 20230327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230327164636
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000060667-23-000034
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230203
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LOWES COMPANIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000060667
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-LUMBER & OTHER BUILDING MATERIALS DEALERS [5211]
		IRS NUMBER:				560578072
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0203

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07898
		FILM NUMBER:		23765072

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 LOWES BLVD.
		CITY:			MOORESVILLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28117
		BUSINESS PHONE:		704-758-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 LOWES BLVD.
		CITY:			MOORESVILLE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28117

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000060667-23-000034.txt : 20230327

10-K
 1
 low-20230203.htm
 FORM 10-K

low-20230203 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ________ to _________ 
 Commission file number 
 
 LOWE S COMPANIES, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of July 29, 2022, the last business day of the Company s most recent second quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was billion based on the closing sale price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 CLASS OUTSTANDING AT 3/23/2023 Common Stock, 0.50 par value 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

LOWE S COMPANIES, INC. 
 - TABLE OF CONTENTS - 
 Page No. Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 ii 
 PART I Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 8 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 16 
 Item 2. Properties 
 16 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 17 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 18 
 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 19 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 21 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 32 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 33 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 69 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 69 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 69 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 70 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 71 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 71 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 71 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 71 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 71 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 72 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 83 
 Signatures 
 84 

i 

Table of Contents 

 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements including words such as believe , expect , anticipate , plan , desire , project , estimate , intend , will , should , could , would , may , strategy , potential , opportunity , outlook , scenario , guidance and similar expressions are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve, among other things, expectations, projections, and assumptions about future financial and operating results, objectives (including objectives related to environmental, social, and governance (ESG) matters), business outlook, priorities, sales growth, shareholder value, capital expenditures, cash flows, the housing market, the home improvement industry, demand for products and services, share repurchases, Lowe s strategic initiatives, including those relating to acquisitions and dispositions and the impact of such transactions on our strategic and operational plans and financial results. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, and we can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. 
 
 For a detailed description of the risks and uncertainties that we are exposed to, you should read Item 1A , Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update these statements other than as required by law. 

ii 

Table of Contents 

 Part I 

Item 1 - Business 
 
 General Information 
 
 Lowe s Companies, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company or Lowe s) is a Fortune 50 company and the world s second largest home improvement retailer. As of February 3, 2023, Lowe s operated 1,738 home improvement stores in the United States, representing approximately 195 million square feet of retail selling space. On February 3, 2023, Lowe s completed the sale of its Canadian retail business, which operated 232 stores in Canada, as well as serviced 210 dealer-owned stores. The Canadian retail business included a number of complementary formats under the banners of RONA, Lowe s Canada, R no-D p t, and Dick s Lumber. See Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 , Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report for information on this divestiture. 
 
 Lowe s was founded in 1921 with the opening of its first hardware store in North Wilkesboro, North Carolina. The Company was incorporated in North Carolina in 1952 and has been publicly held since 1961. The Company s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange - ticker symbol LOW . 
 
 For additional information about the Company s performance and financial condition, see Item 7 , Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , of this Annual Report. 
 
 Our Strategy 
 
 Lowe s is an omnichannel retailer whose core priorities are to provide an excellent customer experience, create a great place to work for our associates, and improve our communities, which we believe will create long-term, sustainable value for our shareholders. In 2020, we implemented our Total Home strategy, which reflects our commitment to provide a full complement of products and services for professional customers (Pro customers) and consumers alike, enabling a Total Home solution for every project across the home. Our Total Home strategy has the following five pillars: 

Drive Pro 
 penetration 
 Accelerate 
 online business 
 Expand 
 installation 
 services 
 Drive 
 localization 
 Elevate 
 assortment 
 
 We continue to transform our Pro offerings to drive Pro penetration by expanding our Pro brands and product assortments, resetting the footprint of our stores to better serve Pro customers, and introducing our new MVPs Pro Rewards Partnership Program TM this year, which further enhances our relationship with our Pro customers. We are investing in our omnichannel retail capabilities to expand our online business. We are increasing visibility to our installation services through improved signage throughout our stores and continuing to improve the customer experience for our services, which are provided by our network of independent installers or outsourced to our third-party model that sells, furnishes, and installs more complex projects. Our expanding localization efforts better serve the product needs of the unique communities across the country. Finally, we continue to elevate our product assortment to provide the right products at the right price to meet our customers needs. 
 
 Our Customers and Market 
 
 The home improvement market in which we operate is highly fragmented, serving Pro customers, individual homeowners, and renters completing a wide array of projects that vary along the spectrum of do-it-yourself (DIY) and do-it-for-me (DIFM). The Pro customer consists of three broad categories: tradespeople, repair and remodelers, and property managers. The U.S. market is our predominant market, accounting for approximately 95 of consolidated sales for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023. As of February 3, 2023, we completed the sale of our Canadian retail business and no longer operate in the Canada market, which accounted for approximately 5 of consolidated sales for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 There are many variables that affect consumer demand for the home improvement products and services Lowe s offers. Key indicators we monitor include home price appreciation, age of the housing stock, real disposable personal income, and housing turnover. We also monitor demographic and societal trends that shape home improvement industry growth, notably strong millennial household formation, consumer mobility, and the widespread adoption of remote work. 
 
 Our Competition 
 
 The home improvement industry includes a broad competitive landscape that continues to evolve. Lowe s competes with national and regional home improvement warehouse chains and lumber yards in most of the markets we serve. We also compete with traditional hardware, plumbing, electrical, home supply retailers, paint stores, lumber yards and garden centers, as well as maintenance and repair organizations. In addition, we compete with general merchandise retailers, home goods specialty stores, warehouse clubs, online retailers, other specialty retailers, providers of equipment and tool rental, service providers that install home improvement products, and wholesalers that provide home-related products and services to homeowners, renters, business, and the government. 
 
 Location of stores, product assortment, product pricing, and customer service continue to be key competitive factors in our industry, while the evolution of technology and customer expectations also underscores the importance of omnichannel capabilities as a competitive factor. To ensure ongoing competitiveness, Lowe s focuses on delivering the right home improvement products, with the best service and value, across every channel and community we serve. See further discussion of competition in Item 1A , Risk Factors , of this Annual Report. 
 
 Our Omnichannel Capabilities 
 
 We are committed to meeting customer demand to shop however, whenever, and wherever they choose. Our omnichannel capabilities allow our customers to move from channel to channel with simple and seamless transitions even within the same transaction. For example, for many projects, more than half of our customers conduct research online before making an in-store purchase. For purchases made on Lowes.com, customers may pick up their purchase in-store at the customer service desk, curbside, or from touchless lockers, or have their purchase delivered to their home or business. In addition, flexible fulfillment options are available for in-store purchases and those made through the contact center. Regardless of the channels through which customers choose to engage with us, we strive to provide them with a seamless experience across channels and an endless aisle of products, enabled by our flexible fulfillment capabilities. Our ability to sell products in-store, online, on-site, or through our contact centers speaks to our leverage of our existing infrastructure with the omnichannel capabilities we continue to introduce. 
 
 In-Store 
 Our 1,738 Lowe s-branded home improvement stores in the United States are generally open seven days per week and average approximately 112,000 square feet of retail selling space, plus approximately 32,000 square feet of outdoor garden center selling space. Our home improvement stores offer similar products and services, with certain variations based on localization, along with a dedicated team of knowledgeable and friendly front-line associates available to assist our customers. We continue to develop and implement productivity tools to enhance the efficiency of our sales associates and to integrate our order management and fulfillment processes. Our home improvement stores have Wi-Fi capabilities that provide customers with Internet access, making information available quickly to further simplify the shopping experience. 
 
 Online 
 Through our websites and mobile applications, we seek to empower consumers by providing a 24/7 shopping experience, product information, customer ratings and reviews, buying guides, how-to videos, and other information. These tools help consumers make more informed purchasing decisions and give them increased confidence to undertake home improvement projects. We enable customers to choose from a variety of fulfillment options, including buying online and picking up in-store, curbside pick-up, truck delivery, and parcel shipment to their homes or businesses. We also offer new virtual design services for paints, blinds, and flooring for our customers. 
 
 On-Site 
 We have on-site specialists available for retail and Pro customers to assist them in selecting products and services for their projects. Our Pro sales managers meet with Pro customers at their place of business or on a job site and leverage nearby stores and our distribution network to ensure we meet customer needs for products and resources. In addition, our In-Home Sales program is available in the majority of our stores to discuss various exterior projects such as windows, doors, roofing, siding, and deck projects, whose characteristics lend themselves to an in-home consultative sales approach. 

2 

Table of Contents 

 Contact Centers 
 Lowe s operates contact centers in a virtual workplace. These contact centers help Lowe s enable an omnichannel customer experience by providing the ability to tender sales, assist with order management, coordinate deliveries, manage after-sale installations, and answer general customer questions via phone, mail, e-mail, live chat, and social media. 
 
 Our Products 
 
 Product Selection 
 To meet customers varying needs, we offer a complete line of products for construction, maintenance, repair, remodeling, and decorating. We offer home improvement products in the following categories: Appliances, Seasonal Outdoor Living, Lawn Garden, Lumber, Kitchens Bath, Tools, Paint, Millwork, Hardware, Flooring, Rough Plumbing, Building Materials, D cor, and Electrical. A typical Lowe s-branded home improvement store stocks approximately 40,000 items, with over two million additional items available through our online selling channels. Our product assortments offered in-store are tailored to meet the needs of the local market. See Note 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 , Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report for historical revenues by product category for each of the last three fiscal years. 
 
 We are committed to offering a wide selection of national brand-name merchandise complemented by our selection of high-value private brands. In fiscal 2022, we extended our STAINMASTER brand to include additional flooring categories outside of carpet like laminate, vinyl, and tile. At the end of the fiscal year, we introduced STAINMASTER paint as our first private paint brand. In addition, we are dedicated to ensuring the products we sell are sourced in a socially responsible, efficient, and cost-effective manner. 
 
 Supply Chain 
 We source our products from vendors worldwide and believe that alternative and competitive suppliers are available for virtually all of our products. Whenever possible, we purchase directly from manufacturers to provide savings for customers and improve our gross margin. 
 
 To efficiently serve our stores and meet our customers expectations for fast fulfillment and delivery, we own and operate more than 100 supply chain facilities in our network. These facilities include regional distribution centers (RDCs), flatbed distribution centers (FDCs), import distribution centers (IDCs), bulk distribution centers (BDCs), and cross-dock terminals (XDTs). We also operate standalone fulfillment centers, which along with many of our stores, ship product directly to our customers. In addition, we are establishing a Pro fulfillment network across the country which will leverage a combination of our existing supply chain as well as new facilities, including our first Pro fulfillment center that opened this year. Each one of these distribution nodes plays a critical role in our Total Home strategy, and collectively, enable our products to get to their destination as efficiently as possible. 
 
 The FDCs distribute merchandise that requires special handling due to size or type of packaging such as lumber, boards, panel products, pipe, siding, ladders, and building materials. On average, each RDC and FDC serves approximately 115 stores. Our Pro fulfillment network stocks deeper quantities of our top Pro assortments and has expanded capabilities to handle large orders on multiple flat beds. Our IDCs were expanded to create more capacity to hold import product at the coast, which improves our network s agility to move inventory where and when it is needed. Our BDCs handle appliances and other big and bulky product, and our XDTs fulfill final mile box truck deliveries of these products. 
 
 Our supply chain supports every pillar of our Total Home strategy, and as such, we continue to invest and transform our network to unlock our omnichannel capabilities while keeping our organization s sustainability goals top of mind. As part of the continued rollout of our market-based delivery model, we expanded to additional geographic areas and enhanced our distribution capacity for big and bulky product. To date, we have 11 geographic areas converted to our market-based delivery model. 
 
 We have also been focused on improving the speed of our delivery capabilities for our customers. As of fiscal year 2022, most parcel-eligible items can be ordered by a customer and delivered within two business days at standard shipping rates. Also, the nationwide expansion of our gig networks provides same-day delivery of certain products from our stores. Customer needs and buying patterns are constantly changing, and our supply chain will continue to evolve to meet their needs. We are building an omnichannel supply chain that operates with greater network capacity, better flow management and optimization. 
 
 Our Services 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Installed Sales 
 We offer installation services through independent contractors in many of our product categories, with Flooring, Kitchens Bath, Millwork, Appliances, and Lumber accounting for the majority of installed sales. Our Installed Sales model, which separates selling and project administration tasks, allows our sales associates to focus on project selling, while project managers ensure that the details related to installing the products are efficiently executed. Installed sales, which includes both product and labor, accounted for approximately 5 of total sales in fiscal 2022. 
 
 Lowe s Protection Plans and Repair Services 
 We offer extended protection plans for certain products within the Appliances, Kitchens Bath, D cor, Millwork, Rough Plumbing, Electrical, Seasonal Outdoor Living, Tools, and Hardware categories. These protection plans provide customers with product protection that enhances the coverage offered by the manufacturer s warranty and provide additional benefits and repair services that extend beyond the manufacturer s warranty. 
 
 Seasonality and Working Capital 
 
 The retail business in general is subject to seasonal influences, and our business is, to some extent, seasonal. Historically, we have realized the highest volume of sales during our second fiscal quarter (May, June, and July) and the lowest volume of sales during our fourth fiscal quarter (November, December, and January). Accordingly, our working capital requirements have historically been greater during our fourth fiscal quarter as we build inventory in anticipation of the spring selling season and as we experience lower fourth fiscal quarter sales volumes. We fund our working capital requirements primarily through cash flows generated from operations, but also with short-term borrowings, as needed. For more detailed information, see the Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources section in Item 7 , Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , of this Annual Report. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 The name Lowe s is a registered service mark of one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. We consider this mark and logo and the accompanying goodwill and name recognition to be valuable to our business. This subsidiary owns and maintains various additional registered and unregistered trademarks, service marks and trade names, including private brand product names, such as, Kobalt , STAINMASTER and allen+roth. This subsidiary also maintains various Internet domain names that are important to our business, and we also own registered and unregistered copyrights. In addition, we maintain patent portfolios related to some of our products and services and seek to patent or otherwise protect certain innovations that we incorporate into our products, services, or business operations. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 We are subject to a wide array of federal, state, and local laws and regulations. We do not currently expect compliance with these laws and regulations to have a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations, and competitive position as compared to prior periods. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 When it comes to attracting and retaining top talent, Lowe s strives to be the employer of choice in retail. At Lowe s we are committed to creating valuable career opportunities for our associates, supporting them and the communities where they live, and cultivating a culture that invites and encourages diverse opinions and ideas. We are focused on ensuring our associates see Lowe s as a Home to Possibility with good jobs, a sense of belonging, and a promising future. 
 
 As a testament to our commitments, in 2022 we received more than 15 notable employer of choice awards including being named: a Disability:IN National Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion, a Forbes America s Best Large Employers, a Best of the Best 2022 Top Employer by Black EOE Journal, HISPANIC Network Magazine, and Professional Woman s Magazine, and a Best Corporation for Veteran s Business Enterprises of the Year. 
 
 Our People 
 As of February 3, 2023, Lowe s employed approximately 182,000 full-time associates and 125,000 part-time associates, primarily in the United States and India. During the spring season, we temporarily expand our workforce by hiring associates in part-time and full-time positions to meet the elevated levels of demand. 
 
 At Lowe s, we continue to listen carefully to our associates, most notably through our annual engagement survey. In 2022, more than 90 of our associates participated in our survey and that data is used to improve our associate experience. 

4 

Table of Contents 

 Creating Good Jobs 
 We have a strong track record of investing in our workforce by offering locally competitive salaries and wages. Since 2018, we have invested more than 3 billion in incremental wages and share-based compensation for our front-line associates, which included creating many new roles for our associates to grow into, inclusive of 1,600 new assistant manager positions and 10,000 department supervisor positions. 
 
 This fiscal year, we implemented 170 million in annual wage increases, effective December 2022, in addition to the profit-sharing and discretionary bonuses we awarded throughout the year. In addition, we offer an array of health, welfare, and financial benefits to our full-time and part-time associates, including health care and insurance benefits, retirement plans, an employee stock purchase plan, paid time off, and leave programs, among many others. We have implemented workforce management tools that enable us to offer various scheduling options to our full-time associates to foster an improved experience in balancing their work and life responsibilities. This includes such options for a shortened workweek, consistent shifts, or consecutive days off. 
 
 Our focus on the associate experience begins at initial application. The implementation of improved technology in the hiring process has simplified the experience for those looking to join Lowe s and helped to drive the experience overall. Once hired, associates now experience an improved onboarding to help them quickly learn the knowledge and skills required to be successful in their new roles. This onboarding includes assigning dedicated mentors to help new hires through the learning process. 
 
 Providing a safe environment for both working and shopping is our highest priority at Lowe s. We strive to maintain a culture of safety, which begins with our leaders modeling the behaviors we want our associates to adopt. We embed safety into associate onboarding, developmental e-learning and on-the-job training. 
 
 Sense of Belonging 
 We believe that, by building diverse and inclusive teams, we drive better ideas, positive business results, and improve service through a deeper connection with our customers. We continue to execute on our multi-year program to integrate diversity and inclusion initiatives into our corporate strategy across three areas: talent, culture, and business. We continue to strive to attract diverse talent for leadership positions across our company. In 2022, we held our tenth annual Women s Leadership Summit, focused on developing women leaders across our corporate and field locations. In our efforts to foster an inclusive culture, we have eight business resource groups that are sponsored by our executive team. These groups provide our associates with opportunities to collaborate, network, and learn together, and offer additional spaces where associates feel heard and can engage with other colleagues across the organization. We also recognize the importance of strengthening our bonds with the diverse communities we serve. We are one of the founding partners of the OneTen coalition, which committed to hiring one million Black Americans in the next ten years. 
 
 Promising Future 
 We are committed to securing top talent and providing ongoing training and other developmental opportunities to facilitate meaningful careers at Lowe s. We offer a variety of role-specific leadership and development programs that build and reinforce functional-technical/professional skills, business acumen, and leadership skills to prepare high-performing leaders for their next role. Our focus on leadership development enables us to grow talent internally and has resulted in more than 80 of leadership positions being filled internally in the last year. Additionally, nearly 90 of our store leaders have advanced to their current positions from hourly roles. 
 
 This year we expanded Lowe's University offerings to include the District Manager and Store Manager immersive week-long leadership experience programs, delivered from the Lowe s University training center; the virtual-delivered store department supervisor fundamentals series; the virtual-delivered field supply chain leadership director, manager, and supervisor experience programs; and the certification programs for store and technology associates that further develop their skills and knowledge base. 
 
 Additionally, through Lowe s Track to the Trades program, we offer all Lowe s associates the opportunity to enroll in programs to complete apprentice certifications in electrical, plumbing, HVAC, appliance repair, or multi-family maintenance. The program also connects them with Pros to help them start a career in their area of interest. The Track to the Trades program demonstrates Lowe s commitment to our industry and the communities we serve. This combined with our tuition-free education program are further examples of how we are investing in the future of our associates. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate Responsibility 
 
 We take our role as a Fortune 50 retailer seriously by managing our business responsibly and focusing on serving our associates and the communities where we live and work. We strive to integrate sustainability objectives into our business, particularly by focusing on the three pillars of our sustainability strategy: our people and communities, product sustainability, and reducing the environmental footprint of our operations, which we believe will help drive long-term shareholder value. 
 
 In addition to oversight by the full Board of Directors, the Board has also delegated primary responsibility for more frequent and in-depth oversight of Lowe s sustainability strategies and initiatives and reviewing our position on significant environmental and social issues to the sustainability committee of the Board of Directors. In fiscal 2022, for the fourth consecutive year, Lowe s was included in the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index based on our ESG practices. 
 
 Investing in our Communities 
 
 We understand the important role Lowe s plays in providing products, services, and support to our communities. Through our community engagement initiatives and our continued partnerships with nonprofits across the nation, we are mending neighborhoods, revitalizing community spaces, supporting communities when disaster strikes, and preparing the next generation of skilled tradespeople to continue those efforts for years to come. We carry out these initiatives with a special focus on our nation s veterans and active military community, first-responders, and under-resourced communities. 
 
 In fiscal 2022, Lowe's announced a five-year, 100 million investment in the communities we serve through a new program called Lowe's Hometowns. Each year from 2022 through 2026, Lowe's Hometowns will complete nearly 1,800 community impact projects, including 100 signature projects chosen from consumer nominations, and nearly 1,700 projects selected through Lowe's stores, supply chain facilities, and store support centers across the country. Through this effort, Lowe s is helping restore and revitalize spaces that serve as the hubs and heartbeats of communities, including neighborhood services, parks, and community centers. 
 
 In addition, throughout the year we partnered with dozens of nonprofit organizations to identify and respond to critical needs in local communities, including Building Homes for Heroes, Rebuilding Together, and Local Initiatives Support Corporation. Lowe s also continues to support our communities as they respond to and recover from natural disasters by providing tools and supplies, access to tool rental trailers, and volunteering with clean-up efforts. 
 
 In fiscal 2022, our associates across the U.S. contributed nearly 170,000 volunteer hours through Lowe s-sponsored community engagement activities as well as in their personal time. In addition, through funding from our own associate donations and Company matching, we are able to support associates in times of significant, unforeseen financial hardship through the Lowe s Employee Relief Fund. 
 
 Product Sustainability 
 
 We are committed to promoting sustainable practices throughout our supply chain and providing customers with eco-friendly, high quality, and safe products. Our products undergo a thorough selection process, beginning with our sourcing decisions. Through collaboration and established management systems, we monitor our suppliers practices to secure high-quality products from suppliers who support worker rights and protect the environment. Lowe s human rights policy supports the fundamental principles of human rights, as defined by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. We continue to hold all suppliers to our rigorous standards through our human rights policy, our conflict minerals policy, and our Vendor Code of Conduct which includes enhanced environmental standards for all suppliers. In addition, we have a wood sourcing policy that specifies that all wood products sold in our stores originate from well-managed, non-endangered forests. 
 
 As part of our commitment to reducing the environmental impact of our products, we continue to increase our offering of independently certified products that have validated environmental claims, reduce the usage of natural resources, and help customers decrease energy and water consumption. We work with local and regional utilities to offer customers assorted rebates for a variety of environmentally efficient products including ENERGY STAR and WaterSense . 
 
 Reducing our Environmental Footprint 
 
 We are committed to mitigating climate change by reducing the environmental impact of our operations and supply chain through reducing carbon emissions with investments in energy efficiency, use of renewable energy, environmentally friendly transportation practices, and innovative water and waste management systems. 

6 

Table of Contents 

 Greenhouse Gas Emissions 
 In December 2022, we announced our goal to reach net-zero emissions across the Company s scope 1, 2, and 3 greenhouse gas emissions by 2050, in accordance with guidelines from the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), the global body enabling businesses to set emissions reduction targets in line with climate science. To meet interim SBTi targets, Lowe s has also committed to decreasing its scope 1 and scope 2 emissions by 40 and reducing scope 3 emissions by 22.5 below 2021 levels by 2030. 
 
 To reach these targets, Lowe s will focus on increasing operational efficiency and working to reduce emissions across Lowe's entire value chain. We are making further investments in energy efficiency and renewable energy within our operations, while exploring emerging technologies to reduce emissions associated with our vehicle fleet and facilities. Over the past three years, we have spent nearly 500 million across multiple projects including indoor LED lighting upgrades, replacing stores aging HVAC units with high efficiency models, installing and updating building management systems, and installing pallet grinders. Lowe s is also focused on partnering with suppliers to help reduce upstream emissions. We are working closely with suppliers to increase their operational efficiency and reduce their emissions through the use of renewable energy and low-carbon innovations. 
 
 Continuing to procure renewable energy is one way Lowe s is working to reduce our emissions footprint. In 2020, we secured our first renewable power purchase agreement, the Mesquite Star wind farm in Texas, now in its third year of operation. That same year, we partnered with Swift Current Energy to source additional renewable energy from the Black Diamond Solar Project in Illinois, which is expected to become operational in the next few years. We continue to establish a pipeline of other offsite renewable projects planned to become active over several years. Lowe s continues to be a member of the Clean Energy Buyers Association to evaluate and explore new opportunities and technologies across renewable energy markets (e.g., community solar, power purchase agreements), as well as implementing on-site solar generation in multiple states. 
 
 We are dedicated to promoting sustainable practices in the transportation industry, and we collaborate with the Environmental Protection Agency s (EPA s) SmartWay program to reduce transportation emissions by managing and reducing fuel usage by creating incentives for freight contractors to improve efficiency. We are an EPA SmartWay program partner and aim for 100 SmartWay certification for our transportation providers. This program provides access to comprehensive data and oversight of Scope 3 emissions associated with our U.S. transportation footprint. 
 
 Waste 
 We partner with suppliers to improve recycling and waste diversion, develop regional management processes, measure waste streams, and conduct waste audits. At a local level, store waste, including cardboard, broken appliances, and wood pallets, is recycled through national and regional partners, and we provide in-store recycling and reuse centers for our customers to bring in plastic planter pots, compact fluorescent lamp bulbs, plastic bags, and rechargeable batteries. In our second year collaborating with How2Recycle, we continue to educate customers and encourage proper recycling of our product packaging. As technology and innovative practices improve, we will continue to explore opportunities to participate in the circular economy. 
 
 Water 
 While our water consumption is modest compared with other industries, we continue to focus on reducing water consumption within our operations. We use smart irrigation controllers for efficient watering at most stores and have been exploring other water-efficient technologies to increase water savings in our stores and garden centers. Additionally, we use leak detection technology to catch leaks as they occur to prevent unnecessary water use. We also have protocols in place to manage the disposal of chemicals to prevent release into waterways of the communities we serve. 
 
 Corporate Responsibility Reporting 
 
 Lowe s participates in the CDP s climate change, forests, and water security questionnaires to benchmark and quantify our environmental practices, provide transparency on our progress, and assist in the reduction of our contributions to climate change. Lowe s continues to externally verify our scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions and water usage data to increase confidence in our reporting. Additionally, we align our sustainability reporting with the Sustainable Accounting Standards Board, the Global Reporting Initiative, and the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals. We publish our annual Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures report to assess our climate-related risks and opportunities and better understand the potential impacts on our value chain. 
 
 Additional information regarding our activities related to our human capital strategy, as well as our workforce diversity data, latest community improvement projects, and sustainability efforts can be found in our Corporate Responsibility Report and 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Culture, Diversity Inclusion Report, which are published annually and can be found on our website at responsibility.lowes.com . The contents of these reports are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Our Annual Report, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are made available free of charge through our Internet website at ir.lowes.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after such documents are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC maintains an Internet site, www.sec.gov , that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 

Item 1A - Risk Factors 
 
 We describe below certain risks that could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, business reputation or business prospects. These risk factors may change from time to time and may be amended, supplemented or superseded by updates to the risk factors contained in our future periodic reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and reports on other forms we file with the SEC. All forward-looking statements about our future results of operations or other matters made by us in this Annual Report, in our Annual Report to Lowe s Shareholders and in our subsequently filed reports to the SEC, as well as in our press releases and other public communications, are qualified by the risks described below. 
 
 You should read these risk factors in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8 . There also may be other factors that we cannot anticipate or that are not described in this Annual Report generally because we do not currently perceive them to be material. Those factors could cause results to differ materially from our expectations. In connection with any investment decision with respect to our securities, you should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information contained in this report and our other filings with the SEC. 
 
 Strategic, Competitive, Operational, and Reputational Risks 
 
 We may be unable to adapt our business concept in a rapidly evolving retail environment to address the changing shopping habits, demands, and demographics of our customers, or realize the intended benefits of strategic initiatives. 
 The home improvement retail environment, like the retail environment generally, is rapidly evolving, and adapting our business concept to respond to our customers changing shopping habits and demands and their changing demographics is critical to our future success. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. Customers expectations about how they wish to research, purchase, and receive products and services have also evolved. It is difficult to predict the mix of products and services that our customers will demand. As our customers expect a more personalized experience, our ability to offer more localized assortments of our merchandise to appeal to local tastes within each customer group is important to our ability to effectively meet customer expectations. There has also been an increase in customer preferences and expectations related to sustainability of our products and operations. If we do not successfully differentiate the shopping experience to meet the individual needs and expectations of or within a customer group, we may lose market share with respect to those customers. 
 
 Further, we have a store base that requires maintenance, investment, and space reallocation initiatives to deliver the shopping experience that our customers desire. Our capital investments in our stores may not deliver the relevant shopping experience our customers expect. We must also maintain a safe store environment for our customers and associates, as well as to protect against loss or theft of our inventory (known as shrink ). Higher rates of shrink, which we have experienced from time to time, can require operational changes that may increase costs. 
 
 Failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, implement an increasingly localized merchandising assortment, improve and maintain safe stores, and implement change, growth, productivity and other strategic initiatives successfully could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, the rate of growth of our business, our market share, and results of operations. 
 
 We may not be able to realize the benefits of our strategic initiatives focused on omnichannel sales and marketing presence if we fail to deliver the capabilities required to execute on them. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omnichannel experience as they use computers, tablets, mobile phones, and other electronic devices to shop in our stores and online and provide feedback and public commentary about all aspects of our business. Omnichannel and digital retail is quickly evolving, and we must anticipate and meet our customers expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed, and provide a consistent customer experience. We also need to collect, use, and share relevant customer data to effectively meet customer expectations of a more personalized experience. Our ability to collect, use, and share such data is subject to a number of external factors, including the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy and security, as well as the change of third party policies restricting data collection, use, and sharing. 
 
 The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers changing shopping habits and demands and changing demographics have required us to, and will continue to require us to, deliver large, complex programs requiring integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives have required, and will continue to require, new competencies in many positions, and our management, associates, and contractors have had to and will need to continue to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. To the extent they are unable or unwilling to make these transformational changes, we may be unable to realize the full benefits of our strategic initiatives and expand our relevant market access. Failure to realize the benefits of amounts we invest in new technologies, products, or services could result in the value of those investments being written down or written off. In addition, to support our strategic initiatives and the related technology investments needed to implement our strategic investments, we must attract and retain a large number of skilled professionals, including technology professionals. The market for these professionals is increasingly competitive. Our results of operations, financial condition, or business prospects could also be adversely affected if we fail to provide a consistent experience for our customers, regardless of sales channel, if our technology systems do not meet our customers expectations, if we are unable to counteract new developments and innovations implemented by our competitors, or if we are unable to attract, retain, and manage the talent succession of additional personnel at various levels of the Company who have the skills and capabilities we need to implement our strategic initiatives and drive the changes that are essential to successfully adapting our business concept in the rapidly changing retail environment. 
 
 We have many competitors who could take sales and market share from us if we fail to execute our strategic initiatives effectively, or if they develop a substantially more effective or lower cost means of meeting customer needs, resulting in a negative impact on our business and results of operations. 
 We operate in a highly competitive market for home improvement products and services and have numerous large and small, direct and indirect competitors. The principal competitive factors in our industry include location of stores, product assortment, product pricing, in-stock levels, customer service, and the evolution of technology and customer expectations. We face growing competition from online and omnichannel retailers who have a similar product or service offering. Customers are increasingly able to quickly comparison shop and determine real-time product availability and price using digital tools. Further, online and omnichannel retailers continue to focus on delivery services, as customers are increasingly seeking faster, guaranteed delivery times, including same-day and next-day fulfillment, low-price or free shipping, and convenient pick-up options, including curbside pick-up, in-store pick-up, and touchless lockers, and we must make investments to keep up with our customers evolving shopping preferences. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times, delivery costs, and delivery options depends on many factors, including successful implementation and the continued maintenance of our initiatives related to supply chain transformation, including our market-based delivery model. Our failure to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the markets for home improvement products and services could affect our financial performance. Moreover, changes in the promotional pricing and other practices of our competitors, including the effects of competitor liquidation activities, may impact our results. 
 
 If we fail to hire, train, manage, and retain qualified associates with expanded skill sets or corporate support staff with the capabilities of delivering on strategic objectives, we could lose sales to our competitors, and our labor costs, resulting from operations or the execution of corporate strategies, could be negatively affected. 
 Our customers, whether they are homeowners, renters, or commercial businesses, expect our associates to be well trained and knowledgeable about the products we sell and the home improvement services we provide. We compete with other retailers for many of our associates, and we are experiencing a competitive labor market. Wages are increasing across the United States, and competitors are offering higher compensation than before due to labor market conditions. Many associates are in entry-level or part-time roles with historically high turnover rates, which has led to increased training and retention costs, particularly in a competitive labor market. Increasingly, our sales associates must have expanded skill sets. We need to attract and retain a diverse workforce that can deliver relevant, culturally competent, and differentiated experiences for a wide variety of culturally diverse customers. Additionally, in order to deliver on the omnichannel expectations of our customers, we rely on the specialized training and capabilities of corporate support staff, which are broadly sought after by our competitors. Further, our ability to successfully execute organizational changes, including management transitions within the Company's senior leadership, are critical to our business success. If we are unable to hire, train, manage, and retain qualified associates and 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 specialists, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease and our results of operations could be negatively affected. 
 
 Furthermore, our ability to meet our labor needs, particularly in a competitive labor market, while controlling our costs is subject to a variety of external factors, including wage rates, the availability of and competition for talent, health care and other benefit costs, our brand image and reputation, changing demographics and the adoption of new or revised legislation or regulations governing immigration, employment, labor relations, minimum wage, health care benefits and family and medical leave. Due to growing competition among potential employers, we may also be subject to continued upward pressure on associate wages and employer-provided benefits, which in turn would increase labor costs. Additionally, we are subject to labor organizing efforts from time to time, and if we become subject to collective bargaining agreements in the future, it could affect how we operate our business. Also, our response to any organizing efforts could be perceived negatively and harm our business and reputation. In addition to our United States operations, we have support offices in India and China, and any extended disruption of our operations in our different locations, whether due to labor difficulties or otherwise, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 Positively and effectively managing our public image and reputation is critical to our business success, and, if our public image and reputation are damaged, it could negatively impact our relationships with our customers, vendors, associates, and shareholders, and consequently, our business and results of operations. 
 Our public image and reputation are critical to ensuring that our customers shop at Lowe s, our vendors want to do business with Lowe s, and our associates want to work for Lowe s. We must continue to manage, preserve and grow Lowe s public image and reputation. Lowe s actual or perceived position or lack of position on social, environmental, political, public policy, or other sensitive issues, and any perceived lack of transparency about those matters, could harm our reputation. In addition, failure to meet our stated environmental and social goals, and consumer and shareholder concerns about our environmental and social practices are potential sources of reputational risk. In addition, vendors and others with whom we do business may affect our reputation. Any negative incident can erode trust and confidence quickly, and adverse publicity about us could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine our customers confidence, reduce demand for our products and services, affect our relationships with current and future vendors, impact our results of operations, affect our ability to recruit, retain, and engage our associates, and attract regulatory scrutiny. The significant expansion in the use of social media over recent years has compounded the potential scope of the negative publicity that could be generated by such negative incidents. 
 
 Additionally, our proprietary rights in our trademarks, trade names, service marks, domain names, copyrights, patents, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights are valuable assets of our business. We may not be able to prevent or even discover every instance of unauthorized third party uses of our intellectual property or dilution of our brand names, such as when a third party uses trademarks that are identical or similar to our own. If we are unable to successfully protect our intellectual property rights, our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 Failure to achieve and maintain a high level of product and service quality could damage our image with customers, expose us to litigation and negatively impact our sales, profitability, cash flows, and financial condition. 
 Product and service quality issues could result in a negative impact on customer confidence in Lowe s and our brand image. If our product and service offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or our customers expectations regarding safety or quality, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and be exposed to legal, financial and reputational risks. As a result, Lowe s reputation as a retailer of high-quality products and services, including both national and Lowe s private brands, could suffer and impact customer loyalty. Additionally, we and our customers have expectations on responsible sourcing and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Under our Vendor Code of Conduct, our vendors are required to meet our expectations across multiple areas of compliance, including health and safety, environmental standards, compensation, hours of work, and prohibitions on child and forced labor. Where appropriate, we request that our vendors provide additional documentation proving their compliance in these areas. If we need to seek alternative sources of supply from vendors with whom we have less familiarity, the risk of our standards not being met may increase. Actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns or vendor non-compliance exposes us to litigation, as well as government enforcement action, and could, and in certain instances in the past has, resulted in costly product recalls, the inability to sell certain products due to customs actions, including regulatory enforcement inquiries, holds, detentions, and exclusions, and other liabilities. 
 
 Supply Chain and Third-Party Risks 
 
 Disruptions in our supply chain and our fulfillment network for our products due to various factors including, but not limited to, the COVID-19 pandemic, trade policy changes, and additional tariffs, have affected and may continue to affect our results of operations. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Circumstances surrounding and related to the COVID-19 pandemic created unprecedented impacts on the global supply chain. We source, stock and sell products from domestic and international vendors, and their ability to reliably and efficiently fulfill our orders is critical to our business success. Impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic placed strains on the domestic and international supply chain, which negatively affected the flow and availability of our products in the past. This resulted in, and may continue to result in, higher out-of-stock inventory positions due to difficulties in timely obtaining products from the manufacturers and suppliers of our products, which occurred during the peak periods of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, during the COVID-19 pandemic, the costs of transportation of products to our distribution centers and stores increased while availability of transportation decreased. 
 
 We source a large number of our products from foreign manufacturers, with China being the dominant import source. Tax and trade policies, tariffs, and other regulations affecting trade between the United States and other countries, especially China, enacted in recent years increased the cost of our merchandise sourced from outside of the United States, which represents a large percentage of our overall merchandise. It remains unclear how tax or trade policies, tariffs, customs actions, or trade relations may evolve in the future, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, effective income tax rate, liquidity, and net income. In addition, other countries may change their business and trade policies in anticipation of or in response to increased import tariffs and other changes in U.S. trade policy and regulations already enacted or that may be enacted in the future. The degree of our exposure is dependent on, among other things, the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of tariffs. The impact to our business, including net sales and gross margin, will be influenced in part by merchandising and pricing strategies in response to potential cost increases by us and our competitors. While these potential impacts are uncertain, they could have an adverse impact on our financial results. 
 
 Financial instability among key vendors, political instability and labor unrest in source countries or elsewhere in our supply chain, changes in the total costs in our supply chain (including fuel and currency exchange rates), labor costs or labor shortages among our vendors, port labor disputes and security, the outbreak of pandemics, weather-related events, natural disasters, armed conflicts, work stoppages, shipping capacity restraints, changes in trade policy, retaliatory trade restrictions imposed by either the United States or a major source country, tariffs or duties, customs actions, including regulatory enforcement inquiries, holds, detentions, and exclusions, fluctuations in currency exchange rates and transport availability, capacity, and costs are beyond our control and could negatively impact our business if they seriously disrupted the movement of products through our supply chain or increased their costs. In recent years, U.S. ports have been impacted by capacity constraints, port congestion and delays, periodic labor disputes, security issues, weather-related events, and natural disasters, which have been further exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally, as we add fulfillment capabilities or pursue strategies with different fulfillment requirements, our fulfillment network becomes increasingly complex and operating it becomes more challenging. If our fulfillment network does not operate properly or if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments, we experience delays in inventory, increased delivery costs or merchandise out-of-stocks that could lead to lost sales and decreased customer confidence, and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 The execution of initiatives to transform our supply chain network could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these investments might not provide the anticipated benefits. 
 We continue to transform and expand our supply chain network and existing omnichannel capabilities to meet changing customer needs. These investments are designed to promote greater network capacity and better flow management and optimization while leveraging a market delivery model and include adding XDTs and BDCs. Failure to choose the right investments and implement them in the right manner and at the right pace could disrupt our operations. If we are unable to effectively manage the volume, timing, nature, location, and cost of these investments, projects, and changes, our business operations and financial results could be materially and adversely affected. The cost and potential problems, defects of design, and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with implementing new technologies, restructuring support systems and processes, securing appropriate facility locations, addressing impacts on inventory levels, and managing third-party service providers, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations and impact our profitability. Our investments to enhance and expand our supply chain might not provide the anticipated benefits, or might take longer than expected to complete or realize anticipated benefits, or might fail altogether, each of which could adversely impact our competitive position and our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 Our inability to effectively and efficiently manage and maintain our relationships with selected suppliers of both brand name and private branded products could negatively impact our business operations and financial results. 
 We form strategic relationships with selected suppliers to market and develop products under a variety of recognized and respected national and international brand names. We also have relationships with certain suppliers to enable us to sell private branded products which differentiate us from other retailers. The inability to effectively and efficiently manage and maintain our relationships with these suppliers could negatively impact our business operations and financial results. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Failure of a key vendor or service provider that we cannot quickly replace could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We rely upon a number of vendors as the sole or primary source of some of the products we sell. We also rely upon many independent service providers for technology solutions and other services that are important to many aspects of our business. Many of these vendors and service providers have certain products or specialized skills needed to support our business concept and our strategies. If these vendors or service providers discontinue operations or are unable to perform as expected or if we fail to manage them properly or we are unable to replace them quickly, our business could be adversely affected, at least temporarily, until we are able to replace them. 
 
 Failures relating to our third-party installer program or by our third-party installers have resulted in and could result in increased operational and legal risks and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We contract with third-party installers to provide installation services to our customers, and, as the general contractor, we are subject to regulatory requirements and risks applicable to general contractors, including certain licensing and permitting requirements, and those relating to the quality and performance of our third-party installers. We have faced investigations by one or more government agencies relating to our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including one with respect to whether we are in compliance with applicable recordkeeping requirements and lead-safe practices. Any adverse result following such investigations could negatively affect our operations. In addition, failures by us or our third party installers to effectively manage such requirements and internal processes regarding installation services have, from time to time, resulted in, and in the future could result in lost sales, fines and lawsuits, as well as damage to our reputation, and may result in the loss of our general contractor licenses, which could negatively affect our business. 
 
 Technology and Cybersecurity Risks 
 
 Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our information systems or the information systems of third-party vendors are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems. 
 Our efforts to provide an omnichannel experience for our customers include investing in, maintaining and making ongoing improvements of our existing information systems that support operations, such as sales, inventory replenishment, merchandise ordering, project design and execution, transportation, receipt processing and fulfillment. We also engage third-party vendors for a variety of reasons, including for digital storage technology and content delivery. Such vendors may have access to information about our customers, associates, or vendors. Our systems and the systems of third-party vendors are subject to damage or interruption as a result of catastrophic events, power outages, viruses, malicious attacks, and telecommunications failures, or other vulnerabilities and irregularities, and as a result we may incur significant expense, data loss, as well as, an erosion of customer confidence. 
 
 Additionally, we continually make investments in our systems which may introduce disruption. In particular, the Company is undergoing a multi-year technology transformation which includes updating and modernizing our merchandise selling system, as well as certain accounting and finance systems. We may not be able to achieve the anticipated benefits of these investments and may experience operational challenges such as delays or errors in implementation, security failures such as loss or corruption of data, reputational harm, increased costs and other significant disruptions. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our information systems are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade and expand those systems. 
 
 As customer-facing technology systems become an increasingly important part of our omnichannel sales and marketing strategy, the failure of those systems to perform effectively and reliably could keep us from delivering positive customer experiences. 
 Access to the Internet from computers, tablets, smart phones and other mobile communication devices has empowered our customers and changed the way they shop and how we interact with them. Our websites, primarily Lowes.com, are a sales channel for our products, and are also a method of making product, project, and other relevant information available to our customers that impacts our in-store sales. Additionally, we have other affiliated websites and mobile apps through which we seek to inspire, inform, cross-sell, establish online communities among, and otherwise interact with our customers, including through online visualization and configuration tools. Performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems, including temporary outages caused by distributed denial of service, ransomware, or other cyber-attacks, or a complete failure of one or more of them without a disaster recovery plan that can be quickly implemented, could quickly destroy the positive benefits they provide to our home improvement business and negatively affect our customers perceptions of Lowe s as a reliable online vendor and source of information about home improvement products and services. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 Our business and our reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity incidents and the failure to protect customer, associate, vendor, or Company information or to comply with evolving regulations relating to our obligation to protect our systems, assets, and such information. 
 Cyber attacks and tactics designed to gain access to and exploit sensitive information by breaching mission critical systems of large organizations are constantly evolving, and high profile security breaches leading to unauthorized release of sensitive customer information have occurred in recent years with increasing frequency at a number of major U.S. companies, including several large retailers, despite widespread recognition of the cyber-attack threat and improved data protection methods. As with many other retailers, we collect, process, transmit, store, and delete certain personal information about our customers, associates, and vendors, as well as confidential, sensitive, proprietary and business, personal and payment card information. Additionally, we use third-party service providers for certain services, such as authentication, content delivery, back-office support, fraud prevention, order and service fulfillment, supply chain management, customer service, workforce management, and other functions, and we provide such third-party service providers with personal and other confidential information necessary for the services concerned. We are subject to the risk that unauthorized parties will attempt to gain access to our systems or our information through fraud or other means of deceiving our associates, third party providers, or vendors. Certain of our third-party vendors have been subject to disruptions due to ransomware and other cyber attacks. We and our third-party service providers may not be able to adequately anticipate or prevent a future breach in our or their systems that results in the unauthorized access to, destruction, misuse, or release of personal information or other sensitive data. It can be difficult to preempt or detect ever-evolving forms of cyber-attacks. The increased use of remote work infrastructure has further increased the possible attack surfaces, and we may be exposed to increased risk to the security of our information systems or the information systems of third-party vendors and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data. A ransomware attack could prevent us or our third-party service providers from accessing data or systems that support Lowe s operations. Our information security or our service providers information security may also be compromised because of human errors, including by associates, or system errors. Our systems and our service providers systems are additionally vulnerable to a number of other causes, such as critical infrastructure outages, computer viruses, technology system failures, catastrophic events or cyber-attacks, including the use of malicious codes, worms, phishing, and ransomware. In the event that our systems are breached or damaged for any reason, we may also suffer loss or unavailability of data and interruptions to our business operations while such breach or damage is being remedied. Should these events occur, the unauthorized disclosure, loss or unavailability of data and disruption to our business may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, drive existing and potential customers away and lead to financial losses from remedial actions, or potential liability, including possible litigation and punitive damages. A security breach resulting in the unauthorized release of data from our information systems or our third-party service providers information systems could also materially increase the costs we already incur to protect against such risks and require dedication of substantial resources to manage the aftermath of such a breach. 
 
 Data privacy and cybersecurity laws in the United States and internationally are constantly changing, and the implementation of these laws has become more complex. In the United States alone, we may be subject to regulation at both the federal and state level as a result of active legislative and rulemaking activities. In order to maintain our compliance with such laws as they come to fruition, we may sustain increased costs and change our business policies and processes in order to adapt to new requirements that are or become applicable to us. As the regulatory environment relating to retailers and other companies obligation to protect personal information becomes stricter, a material failure on our part to comply with applicable regulations could subject us to fines, other regulatory sanctions or government investigation, and potentially to lawsuits brought by private individuals, regulators or states attorney general. Such violation or perceived violation of privacy, including improper collection, use of sharing of personal information, or failure to sufficiently disclose privacy practice, can adversely affect the trust that customers, associates, and business partners have in us related to their personal information. 
 
 We are subject to payments-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud, subject us to potential liability and potentially disrupt our business. 
 We accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit cards, debit cards, credit accounts, our private label and co-branded credit cards, PayPal, trade credit, mobile payments, gift cards, cash, consumer invoicing and physical bank checks, and we may offer different payment options over time. These payment options subject us to many compliance requirements, including, but not limited to, compliance with payment card association operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements, rules governing electronic funds transfers and Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards. They also subject us to potential fraud by criminal elements seeking to discover and take advantage of security vulnerabilities that may exist in some of these payment systems. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, or if our data security systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card issuing banks costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs. Additionally, we rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, electronic checks, gift cards and promotional financing, and it could disrupt our business if these 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. National outages with our third-party credit and debit processor have resulted in lost sales and declined transactions after purchases. Future occurrences of such failures in third party systems are difficult to predict and may adversely affect our operations in unexpected ways. 
 
 Investment-Related Risks 
 
 Our strategic transactions involve risks, and we may not realize the expected benefits because of numerous uncertainties and risks. 
 We regularly consider and enter into strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, investments and other growth, market and geographic expansion strategies, with the expectation that these transactions will result in increases in sales, cost savings, synergies, and other various benefits. Our ability to deliver the expected benefits from any strategic transaction is subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including our ability to integrate personnel, labor models, financial, IT and other systems successfully; disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management; hiring additional management and other critical personnel; and increasing the scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations. Effective internal controls are necessary to provide reliable and accurate financial reports, and the integration of businesses may create complexity in our financial systems and internal controls and make them more difficult to manage. Integration of businesses into our internal control system could cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. Additionally, we have recognized material impairments in the past and may do so in the future, including in connection with assets we have acquired or divested in a strategic transaction or charges to earnings associated with any strategic transaction, which have and may in the future materially reduce our earnings. For example, in fiscal 2022, the Company recorded pre-tax impairment, loss on sale, and other closing costs of 2.5 billion related to the sale of its Canadian retail business, which reduced earnings for fiscal 2022. Our shareholders may react unfavorably to our strategic transactions and strategic transactions may also be subject to regulatory uncertainty due to the changing enforcement landscape. We may not realize the anticipated benefits from such transactions, we may be exposed to additional liabilities of any acquired business or joint venture, and we may be exposed to litigation in connection with the strategic transaction. Further, we may finance these strategic transactions by incurring additional debt, which could increase leverage or impact our ability to access capital in the future. 
 
 Legal, Regulatory and Other External Risks 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has affected and may continue to affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant effect on us in 2020 and 2021, affecting our business operations, demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business, availability of labor, access to inventory, supply chain operations, our ability to predict future performance, exposure to litigation, and our financial condition, among other things. 
 
 The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic further impacts our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on numerous evolving factors which are uncertain and cannot be predicted, including among others: the availability of, and prevalence of access to, effective medical treatments and vaccines for COVID-19; and evolving macroeconomic factors, including general economic uncertainty, unemployment rates and recessionary pressures. Any of the foregoing factors, or other effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or another pandemic, may result in adverse impacts to our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic may also exacerbate other risks discussed herein. 
 
 Our sales are dependent upon the health and stability of the general economy. Adverse changes in economic factors specific to the home improvement industry may negatively impact the rate of growth of our total sales and comparable sales. 
 Many U.S. and global economic factors may adversely affect our financial performance. These include, but are not limited to, periods of slow economic growth or recession, home price appreciation or decreasing housing turnover, age of housing stock, volatility and/or lack of liquidity from time to time in U.S. and world financial markets and the consequent reduced availability and/or higher cost of borrowing to Lowe s and its customers, slower rates of growth in real disposable personal income that could affect the rate of growth in consumer spending, inflation and its impacts on discretionary spending and on our costs, shortages, and other disruptions in the labor supply, the impact of rising interest rates, consumer debt levels, changes in tax rates and policy, outbreak of pandemics, fluctuations in fuel and energy costs, inflation or deflation of commodity prices, natural disasters, armed conflicts, and acts of both domestic and international terrorism. In particular, if cost inflation of merchandise increases beyond our ability to control, we may not be able to adjust prices to sufficiently offset the effect of the various cost increases without negatively impacting consumer demand. Sales of many of our product categories and services are driven by the activity level of home improvement projects. Adverse development in these factors could result in a decrease in home improvement activity which could reduce demand for our products and services. 

14 

Table of Contents 

 Our business could be affected by uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions, including natural disasters and changes in climate, as well as other catastrophic events, which could impact our operations. 
 Natural disasters, such as hurricanes and tropical storms, fires, floods, tornadoes, and earthquakes; unseasonable, or unexpected or extreme weather conditions, such as major or extended winter storms or droughts, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise; severe changes in climate; pandemics and public health concerns; acts of terrorism or violence, including active shooter situations; civil unrest; or similar disruptions and catastrophic events can affect consumer spending and confidence and consumers disposable income, particularly with respect to home improvement or construction projects, and could have an adverse effect on our financial performance. These types of events can also adversely affect our work force and prevent associates and customers from reaching our stores and other facilities. They can also disrupt or disable operations of stores, support centers, and portions of our supply chain and distribution network, including causing reductions in the availability of inventory and disruption of utility services. In addition, these events may affect our information systems, resulting in disruption to various aspects of our operations, including our ability to transact with customers and fulfill orders and to communicate with our stores. Unseasonable, unexpected or extreme weather conditions such as excessive precipitation, warm temperatures during the winter season, or prolonged or extreme periods of warm or cold temperatures, could render a portion of our inventory damaged or unsellable. As a consequence of these or other catastrophic or uncharacteristic events, we may experience interruption to our operations, increased costs, or losses of property, equipment or inventory, which would adversely affect our revenue and profitability. 
 
 Our business and operations are subject to risks related to the long-term effects of global climate change. 
 Our business and operations are subject to inherent climate-related risks. These include both physical risks (such as extreme weather conditions or rising sea levels) and transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes), which are expected to be widespread and unpredictable. Climate change, extreme weather conditions, wildfires, droughts, and rising sea levels may impact the areas in which the Company s operations and facilities are located, and they could also affect our ability to procure commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience. Such events could result in an increase in our costs and expenses and harm our future revenue, cash flows and financial performance. Government regulations limiting carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions may increase compliance and merchandise costs, and other regulations affecting energy inputs could materially affect our profitability. In addition, we also use natural gas, diesel fuel, gasoline and electricity in our operations, all of which could face increased regulation as a result of climate change or other environmental concerns. 
 
 Our costs of doing business could increase as a result of changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new federal, state or local laws and regulations. 
 Our business is subject to a wide array of federal, state and local laws and regulations. In recent years, a number of new laws and regulations have been adopted, and there has been expanded enforcement of certain existing laws and regulations by federal, state and local agencies. These laws and regulations, and related interpretations and enforcement activity, may change as a result of a variety of factors, including political, economic or social events. Changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new federal, state or local laws and regulations governing minimum wage requirements, collective bargaining, the classification of exempt and non-exempt employees, the distinction between employees and contractors, other wage, labor or workplace regulations, health care, data privacy and cybersecurity, the sale and pricing of some of our products, transportation, logistics, international trade, responsible sourcing, supply chain transparency, taxes, unclaimed property, sustainability, the environment and climate change, including energy costs and consumption, could increase our costs of doing business or impact our operations. In addition, if we fail to comply with other applicable laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and local anti-bribery laws, we could be subject to reputation and legal risk, including government enforcement action and class action civil litigation, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Future litigation or governmental proceedings could result in material adverse consequences, including judgments or settlements, negatively affecting our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We are, and in the future will become, involved in lawsuits, including consumer, commercial, employment, tort and other litigation, regulatory inquiries, and governmental and other legal proceedings arising out of the ordinary course of our business. Some of these proceedings may raise difficult and complicated factual and legal issues and can be subject to uncertainties and complexities. The timing of the final resolutions to lawsuits, regulatory inquiries and governmental and other legal proceedings is typically uncertain. Additionally, the possible outcomes of, or resolutions to, these proceedings could include adverse judgments or settlements, either of which could require substantial payments. Furthermore, defending against these proceedings may require a diversion of management s attention and resources. None of the legal proceedings in which we are currently involved, individually or collectively, are considered material. 
 
 The inflation or deflation of commodity and other prices could affect our prices, demand for our products and our sales. 
 Prices of certain commodity products, including lumber, copper, and other raw materials, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and demand, inflationary pressures, labor 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations, tariffs and trade restrictions, and periodic delays in delivery. Rapid and significant changes in commodity and other prices, such as changes in lumber prices, and our ability to pass them on to our customers or manage them through our portfolio strategy, have affected, and may continue to affect, the demand for our products and our sales. 
 
 Tax matters could adversely affect our results of operations and financial conditions. 
 We may be affected by higher rates of federal, state, or local tax imposed as a result of political developments or economic conditions, which could affect our effective tax rate. Our effective tax rate and future tax liability could be adversely affected by regulatory and legal changes, the results of tax audits and examinations, and changes in accounting principles and interpretations relating to tax matters, all of which could negatively impact our business. Changes in tax laws and regulations that impact our customers and counterparties or the economy generally may also impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Liquidity and access to capital rely on efficient, rational and open capital markets and are dependent on Lowe s credit strength. Our inability to access capital markets could negatively affect our business, financial performance, and results of operations. 
 We have relied on the public debt markets to fund portions of our capital investments and the commercial paper market and bank credit facilities to fund our working capital needs. Our access to these markets depends on our strong credit ratings, the overall condition of debt capital markets and our operating performance. Disruption in the financial markets, including as a result of rising interest rates, bank failures or other macroeconomic conditions, or an erosion of our credit strength or declines on our credit rating could impact negatively our ability to meet capital requirements or fund working capital needs. 

Item 1B - Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2 - Properties 
 
 At February 3, 2023, our properties consisted of 1,738 stores in the United States with a total of approximately 195 million square feet of selling space. A summary of our stores is as follows: 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 State Stores State Stores Alabama 38 Montana 5 Alaska 5 Nebraska 5 Arizona 32 Nevada 17 Arkansas 21 New Hampshire 13 California 112 New Jersey 40 Colorado 29 New Mexico 14 Connecticut 17 New York 70 Delaware 10 North Carolina 114 District of Columbia 1 North Dakota 3 Florida 128 Ohio 83 Georgia 64 Oklahoma 29 Hawaii 4 Oregon 14 Idaho 8 Pennsylvania 83 Illinois 37 Rhode Island 5 Indiana 43 South Carolina 50 Iowa 11 South Dakota 3 Kansas 12 Tennessee 60 Kentucky 42 Texas 143 Louisiana 30 Utah 17 Maine 11 Vermont 2 Maryland 29 Virginia 69 Massachusetts 28 Washington 35 Michigan 45 West Virginia 18 Minnesota 10 Wisconsin 8 Mississippi 24 Wyoming 1 Missouri 46 Total 1,738 
 
 Of the total stores operating at February 3, 2023, approximately 89 are owned, which includes stores on leased land, with the remainder being leased from third parties. We also operate several facilities to support distribution and fulfillment, as well as data centers and various support offices. Our executive offices are located in Mooresville, North Carolina. 

Item 3 - Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Company is from time to time a party to various lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. With respect to such lawsuits, claims and proceedings, the Company records reserves when it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company does not believe that any of these proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, would be expected to have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. SEC rules establish a threshold of 300,000 for purposes of disclosing environmental proceedings involving a governmental authority. The Company maintains liability insurance for certain risks that are subject to certain self-insurance limits. 
 
 The U.S. Attorney s Office for the Central District of California and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency s Region 9 Office are conducting an investigation with respect to whether the Company and independent contractors who performed installations under the Company s third-party installer program complied with applicable recordkeeping requirements and lead-safe practices under the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Environmental Protection Agency s Lead Renovation, Repair and Painting Rules, and with an Environmental Protection Agency civil consent decree that the Company entered into in 2014 in the context of projects in homes constructed before 1978. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4 - Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

18 

Table of Contents 

 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 Set forth below is a list of names and ages of the executive officers of the registrant indicating all positions and offices with the registrant held by each such person and each person s principal occupations or employment during the past five years unless otherwise noted. Each executive officer of the registrant is elected by the Board of Directors. Each executive officer of the registrant holds office from the date of election until a successor is elected or until his or her death, resignation or removal. 
 Name Age Title Marvin R. Ellison 58 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer since May 2021; President and Chief Executive Officer, July 2018 May 2021; Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, J.C. Penney Company, Inc. (a department store retailer), 2016 May 2018; Chief Executive Officer, J.C. Penney Company, Inc., 2015 2016; President, J.C. Penney Company, Inc., 2014 2015; Executive Vice President U.S. Stores, The Home Depot, Inc. (a home improvement retailer) 2008 2014. William P. Boltz 60 Executive Vice President, Merchandising since August 2018; President and CEO, Chervon North America (a global power tool supplier), 2015 2018; President and owner of The Boltz Group, LLC (a retail consulting firm), 2013 2015; Senior Vice President, Merchandising, The Home Depot, Inc. (a home improvement retailer), 2006 2012. Janice M. Dupr 58 Executive Vice President, Human Resources since June 2020; Senior Vice President, Talent Management Diversity and Global Chief Diversity Officer, January 2020 June 2020; Vice President, Leadership Development and Global Chief Diversity Officer, November 2017 January 2020; Vice President of Diversity Inclusion and Chief Diversity Officer, McKesson Corporation (a healthcare company), June 2015 October 2017. Donald E. Frieson 64 Executive Vice President, Supply Chain since August 2018; Executive Vice President, Operations, Sam s Club (a general merchandise retailer), 2014 2017; Senior Vice President, Replenishment, Planning and Real Estate, Sam s Club, 2012 2014. Seemantini Godbole 53 Executive Vice President, Chief Digital and Information Officer since September 2022; Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer, November 2018 September 2022; Senior Vice President, Digital and Marketing Technology, Target Corporation (a department store retailer), January 2017 November 2018; Vice President, Digital and Marketing Technology, Target Corporation, 2013 December 2016. Ross W. McCanless 65 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since 2018; Chief Legal Officer, Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer, 2016 2018; General Counsel, Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer, 2015 2016; Chief Legal Officer, Extended Stay America, Inc. (a hotel operating company) and ESH Hospitality, Inc. (a hotel real estate investment company), 2013 2014. Joseph M. McFarland III 53 Executive Vice President, Stores since August 2018; Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Officer, J.C. Penney Company, Inc. (a department store retailer), March 2018 August 2018; Executive Vice President, Stores, J.C. Penney Company, Inc., 2016 March 2018; Divisional President, The Home Depot, Inc. (a home improvement retailer), 2007 2015. Brandon J. Sink 45 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer since April 2022; Senior Vice President, Retail Finance, March 2021 April 2022; Vice President, Merchandising Finance, June 2019 March 2021; Vice President, Enterprise Strategy, August 2018 June 2019; Vice President, Finance, September 2016 August 2018; Vice President, Corporate Controller, July 2015 September 2016. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Part II 

Item 5 - Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Lowe s common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). The ticker symbol for Lowe s is LOW . As of March 23, 2023, there were 21,193 holders of record of Lowe s common stock. 
 
 Total Return to Shareholders 
 
 The following information in Item 5 of this Annual Report is not deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into such a filing. 
 
 The following table and graph compare the total returns (assuming reinvestment of dividends) of the Company s common stock, the S P 500 Index (S P 500) and the S P Retailing Industry Group Index (S P Retail Index). The graph assumes 100 invested on February 2, 2018, in the Company s common stock and each of the indices. 

2/2/2018 2/1/2019 1/31/2020 1/29/2021 1/28/2022 2/3/2023 Lowe s 100.00 97.59 119.05 173.75 248.16 232.67 S P 500 100.00 99.35 121.46 142.39 172.28 163.47 S P Retail Index 100.00 108.22 130.53 184.54 195.42 165.36 

20 

Table of Contents 

 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to purchases of the Company s common stock made during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022: 
 Total Number of 
 Shares Purchased 1 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 2 
 Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 2, 3 
 October 29, 2022 - November 25, 2022 4 
 5,955,618 197.92 5,955,320 6,427,480,025 November 26, 2022 - December 30, 2022 585 208.75 21,427,480,025 December 31, 2022 - February 3, 2023 4 
 4,015,907 204.87 4,008,843 20,727,480,160 As of February 3, 2023 9,972,110 200.72 9,964,163 20,727,480,160 
 1 The total number of shares purchased includes shares withheld from employees to satisfy either the exercise price of stock options or the statutory withholding tax liability upon the vesting of share-based awards. 
 2 On December 7, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized an additional 15.0 billion of share repurchases, in addition to the 13.0 billion of share repurchases authorized by the Board of Directors in December 2021, with no expiration. 
 3 As of January 1, 2023, the Company s share repurchases in excess of issuances are subject to a 1 excise tax enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act. Any excise tax incurred on share repurchases is recognized as part of the cost basis of the shares acquired in the consolidated statements of shareholders (deficit)/equity. 
 4 In November 2022, the Company entered into an Accelerated Share Repurchase (ASR) agreement with a third-party financial institution to repurchase the Company s common stock. At inception, pursuant to the agreement, the Company paid 530 million to the financial institution and received an initial delivery of 2.0 million shares. In January 2023, prior to the end of the fiscal year, the Company finalized the transaction and received an additional 0.6 million shares. The average price paid per share in settlement of the ASR agreement included in the table above was determined with reference to the volume-weighted average price of the Company s common stock over the term of the ASR agreement. See Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information regarding share repurchases. 

Item 6 - Reserved 
 
 Not applicable. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis summarizes the significant factors affecting our consolidated operating results, financial condition, liquidity and capital resources during the two-year period ended February 3, 2023 (our fiscal years 2022 and 2021). Unless otherwise noted, all references herein for the years 2022, 2021, and 2020 represent the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021, respectively. Fiscal year 2022 contains 53 weeks of operating results compared to fiscal years 2021 and 2020, which contain 52 weeks. We intend for this discussion to provide the reader with information that will assist in understanding our financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements from year to year, and the primary factors that accounted for those changes, as well as how certain accounting principles affect our financial statements. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report that have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. This discussion and analysis is presented in four sections: 
 
 Executive Overview 
 Operations 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
 
 Net sales for fiscal 2022 increased 0.8 over fiscal 2021 to 97.1 billion. The increase in total sales was primarily driven by the 53rd week, partially offset by a decrease in comparable sales. The 53rd week contributed approximately 1.4 to the sales growth for 2022. Comparable sales decreased 0.9 over fiscal 2021, driven by a 7.6 decrease in comparable customer transactions, partially offset by a 6.7 increase in comparable average ticket. Net earnings for fiscal 2022 decreased 23.8 to 6.4 billion. Diluted earnings per common share decreased 15.5 in fiscal 2022 to 10.17 from 12.04 in fiscal 2021. Included in the fiscal 2022 results is 2.5 billion of pre-tax costs associated with the sale of the Canadian retail business consisting of long-lived asset impairment, loss on sale, and additional closing costs, which decreased diluted earnings per share by 3.64. Adjusting for these items, adjusted diluted earnings per common share increased 14.7 to 13.81 in 2022 from diluted earnings per common share of 12.04 in 2021 (see the non-GAAP financial measures discussion). 
 
 For fiscal 2022, cash flows from operating activities were 8.6 billion, with 1.8 billion used for capital expenditures. Continuing to deliver on our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders, the Company repurchased 14.1 billion of common stock and paid 2.4 billion in dividends during the year. 
 
 The Total Home strategy remained our focus for the year, which reflects our commitment to provide a full complement of products and services for Pro and DIY consumers alike, enabling a Total Home solution for every project across the home. During the year, our continued investment in the Pro customer helped generate broad-based demand with positive comparable sales in our core Pro categories. In the first quarter, we launched our Pro loyalty program, MVPs Pro Rewards and Partnership Program TM , which is centered on creating a partnership with our Pro customers. In addition, throughout the year, we improved Pro product and service offerings, and enhanced product assortments to meet Pro needs. Demand with our DIY customer was strong in core, home-improvement categories throughout the year, while discretionary DIY category performance lagged due to a short spring season, cycling unprecedented demand over the past two years, and a reduction of holiday purchases. 
 
 Our Perpetual Productivity Improvement (PPI) initiatives continued to gain efficiencies through our enhanced labor management tools, store inventory management system, and improved pricing capabilities. Also, to date, we have converted 11 geographic areas to our market-based delivery model for big and bulky product. In this model, product flows directly to customer homes from our distribution network, bypassing stores altogether. We expect these initiatives and our investments in the business to deliver operating margin productivity and drive meaningful long-term shareholder value going forward. 
 
 While improving our operating discipline, we have continued to invest in our front-line associates. In addition to the discretionary and profit-sharing bonuses awarded throughout the year, we implemented 170 million in annual wage increases effective December 2022. These compensation investments reflect our commitment to becoming the employer of choice in retail. 
 
 With the sale of our Canadian retail business on February 3, 2023, we are focused on the transformation of our U.S. home improvement business to further enhance our operating margin, simplify our business model, and deliver sustainable value to our shareholders. We believe the core demand drivers of our business are disposable personal income, home price appreciation, and the age of the housing stock. The typical homeowner today has significant equity in his or her home, while the housing 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 stock continues to age. These factors, along with strong millennial household formation, elderly preference to age in place, and widespread remote work, continue to support the home improvement market, and we believe we are well-positioned to gain market share through our Total Home strategy. 

OPERATIONS 

The following tables set forth the percentage relationship to net sales of each line item of the consolidated statements of earnings, as well as the percentage change in dollar amounts from the prior year. This table should be read in conjunction with the following discussion and analysis and the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis Point Increase / (Decrease) in Percentage of Net Sales from Prior Year 
 Percentage Increase / (Decrease) in Dollar Amounts from Prior Year 2022 2021 2022 vs. 2021 2022 vs. 2021 Net sales 100.00 100.00 N/A 0.8 Gross margin 33.23 33.30 (7) 0.6 Expenses: Selling, general and administrative 20.94 19.01 193 11.1 Depreciation and amortization 1.82 1.73 9 6.2 Operating income 10.47 12.56 (209) (16.0) Interest net 1.16 0.92 24 26.8 Pre-tax earnings 9.31 11.64 (233) (19.4) Income tax provision 2.68 2.87 (19) (6.0) Net earnings 6.63 8.77 (214) (23.8) Basis Point Increase / (Decrease) in Percentage of Net Sales from Prior Year 
 Percentage Increase / (Decrease) in Dollar Amounts from Prior Year 2021 2020 2021 vs. 2020 2021 vs. 2020 Net sales 100.00 100.00 N/A 7.4 Gross margin 33.30 33.01 29 8.4 Expenses: Selling, general and administrative 19.01 20.68 (167) (1.2) Depreciation and amortization 1.73 1.56 17 18.8 Operating income 12.56 10.77 179 25.4 Interest net 0.92 0.95 (3) 4.4 Loss on extinguishment of debt 1.18 (118) (100.0) Pre-tax earnings 11.64 8.64 300 44.8 Income tax provision 2.87 2.13 74 45.3 Net earnings 8.77 6.51 226 44.7 
 The following table sets forth key metrics utilized by management in assessing business performance. This table should be read in conjunction with the following discussion and analysis and the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 During fiscal 2022, the Company adjusted its comparable sales metric to exclude days affected by national outages with its third-party credit and debit processor. Excluding these days, and the corresponding prior period days, increased comparable sales by approximately 5 basis points for fiscal 2022. The comparable sales metric for fiscal 2021 and 2020 were not impacted or adjusted by similar outages. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Other Metrics 2022 1 
 2021 2020 Comparable sales (decrease)/increase 2 
 (0.9) 6.9 26.1 Total customer transactions (in millions) 937 1,002 1,046 Average ticket 3 
 103.64 96.09 85.67 At end of year: Number of stores 1,738 1,971 1,974 Sales floor square feet (in millions) 195 208 208 Average store size selling square feet (in thousands) 4 
 112 106 105 Return on average assets 5 
 13.9 17.5 12.4 Net earnings to average debt and shareholders (deficit)/equity 6 
 26.6 32.3 21.9 Return on invested capital 6 
 30.4 35.3 27.7 
 1 The fiscal year ended February 3, 2023 had 53 weeks. The fiscal years ended January 28, 2022 and January 29, 2021 had 52 weeks. 
 2 A comparable location is defined as a retail location that has been open longer than 13 months. A location that is identified for relocation is no longer considered comparable in the month of its relocation. The relocated location must then remain open longer than 13 months to be considered comparable. A location we have decided to close is no longer considered comparable as of the beginning of the month in which we announce its closing. Operating locations which are sold are included in comparable sales until the date of sale. Comparable sales include online sales, which positively impacted the comparable sales increase in fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021, and fiscal 2020 by approximately 45 basis points, 150 basis points, and 565 basis points, respectively. The comparable sales calculation for 2022 included in the preceding table was calculated using sales for a comparable 53-week period. 
 3 Average ticket is defined as net sales divided by the total number of customer transactions. 
 4 Average store size selling square feet is defined as sales floor square feet divided by the number of stores open at the end of the period. The average Lowe s-branded home improvement store has approximately 112,000 square feet of retail selling space. 
 5 Return on average assets is defined as net earnings divided by average total assets for the last five quarters. 
 6 Return on invested capital is calculated using a non-GAAP financial measure. Net earnings to average debt and shareholders (deficit)/equity is the most comparable GAAP ratio. As of February 3, 2023, ROIC was negatively impacted approximately 800 basis points as a result of the sale of the Canadian retail business. See below for additional information and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share 
 
 Adjusted diluted earnings per share is considered a non-GAAP financial measure. The Company believes this non-GAAP financial measure provides useful insight for analysts and investors in evaluating what management considers the Company s core operating performance. Adjusted diluted earnings per share excludes the impact of a discrete item, further described below, not contemplated in the Company s business outlook for fiscal 2022. There were no non-GAAP adjustments in fiscal 2021. 
 
 Fiscal 2022 Impacts 
 In the third quarter of fiscal 2022, the Company recognized a pre-tax 2.1 billion long-lived asset impairment of the Canadian retail business. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, the Company recognized additional pre-tax costs totaling 441 million, consisting of the loss on the sale and other closing costs associated with the sale of the Canadian retail business (Canadian retail business transaction costs). 
 
 Adjusted diluted earnings per share should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful indicator of, the Company s diluted earnings per common share as prepared in accordance with GAAP. The Company s methods of determining this non-GAAP financial measure may differ from the method used by other companies and may not be comparable. 
 2022 Pre-Tax Earnings Tax 1 
 Net Earnings Diluted earnings per share, as reported 10.17 Non-GAAP adjustments per share impacts Canadian retail business transaction costs 3.95 (0.31) 3.64 Adjusted diluted earnings per share 13.81 
 1 Represents the corresponding tax benefit or expense specifically related to the item excluded from adjusted diluted earnings per share. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Return on Invested Capital 
 
 Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) is calculated using a non-GAAP financial measure. Management believes ROIC is a meaningful metric for analysts and investors as a measure of how effectively the Company is using capital to generate financial returns. Although ROIC is a common financial metric, numerous methods exist for calculating ROIC. Accordingly, the method used by our management may differ from the methods used by other companies. We encourage you to understand the methods used by another company to calculate ROIC before comparing its ROIC to ours. 
 
 We define ROIC as the rolling 12 months lease adjusted net operating profit after tax (Lease adjusted NOPAT) divided by the average of current year and prior year ending debt and shareholders (deficit)/equity. Lease adjusted NOPAT is a non-GAAP financial measure, and net earnings is considered to be the most comparable GAAP financial measure. The calculation of ROIC, together with a reconciliation of net earnings to Lease adjusted NOPAT, is as follows: 
 (In millions, except percentage data) 2022 2021 2020 Calculation of Return on Invested Capital Numerator Net earnings 6,437 8,442 5,835 Plus: Interest expense net 1,123 885 848 Operating lease interest 163 160 171 Loss on extinguishment of debt 1,060 Provision for income taxes 2,599 2,766 1,904 Lease adjusted net operating profit 10,322 12,253 9,818 Less: Income tax adjustment 1 
 2,970 3,024 2,416 Lease adjusted net operating profit after tax 7,352 9,229 7,402 Denominator Average debt and shareholders (deficit)/equity 2 
 24,155 26,109 26,686 Net earnings to average debt and shareholders (deficit)/equity 26.6 32.3 21.9 Return on invested capital 3 
 30.4 35.3 27.7 
 1 Income tax adjustment is defined as net operating profit multiplied by the effective tax rate, which was 28.8 , 24.7 , and 24.6 for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 2 Average debt and shareholders (deficit)/equity is defined as average current year and prior year ending debt, including current maturities, short-term borrowings, and operating lease liabilities, plus the average current year and prior year ending total shareholders (deficit)/equity. 
 3 As of February 3, 2023, ROIC was negatively impacted approximately 800 basis points as a result of the sale of the Canadian retail business. 

Fiscal 2022 Compared to Fiscal 2021 
 
 For the purpose of the following discussion, comparable store sales, comparable average ticket, and comparable customer transactions are based upon comparable 53-week periods. 
 
 Net Sales Net sales increased 0.8 to 97.1 billion in 2022. The increase in total sales was driven by the 53rd week, partially offset by a decrease in comparable sales. The 53rd week contributed approximately 1.4 to the sales growth for 2022. Comparable sales decreased 0.9 over the same period, driven by a 7.6 decline in comparable customer transactions, partially offset by a 6.7 increase in comparable average ticket. Comparable sales change during each quarter of the fiscal year, as reported, were a decline of 4.0 in the first quarter, decline of 0.3 in the second quarter, increase of 2.2 in the third quarter, and decline of 1.5 in the fourth quarter. 
 
 During 2022, we experienced comparable sales increases in six of 14 product categories, led by Rough Plumbing, Building Materials, and Paint. Strength in these categories reflects robust demand from Pro customers, as well as unit price increases 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 driven by inflation. We experienced our lowest comparable sales in Seasonal Outdoor Living, Tools, and Lawn Garden. Geographically, three of 15 U.S. regions experienced positive comparable sales with strength primarily in the south, while our Canadian operations lagged the U.S. 
 
 Gross Margin Gross margin as a percentage of sales for 2022 contracted 7 basis points compared to 2021. Gross margin was negatively impacted by 30 basis points from higher transportation costs and expansion of our supply chain network and 20 basis points from inventory shrink. These were partially offset by approximately 25 basis points of favorable product mix and 20 basis points of total rate improvement driven by continued improvement in managing product costs and disciplined pricing strategies. 
 
 SG A SG A expense for 2022 deleveraged 193 basis points as a percentage of sales compared to 2021. This was primarily driven by the long-lived asset impairment, loss on sale, and other closing costs associated with the sale of the Canadian retail business, partially offset by ongoing productivity initiatives. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization Depreciation and amortization expense deleveraged 9 basis points for 2022 as a percentage of sales compared to 2021, driven by ongoing capital investments in core business investments. Property, less accumulated depreciation, decreased to 17.6 billion at February 3, 2023, compared to 19.1 billion at January 28, 2022, primarily due to the impairment of the Canadian retail business long-lived assets in the third quarter of 2022. 
 
 Interest Net Net interest expense is comprised of the following: 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 Interest expense, net of amount capitalized 1,137 869 Amortization of original issue discount and loan costs 20 16 Interest on tax uncertainties 3 12 Interest income (37) (12) Interest net 1,123 885 
 
 Net interest expense in 2022 deleveraged 24 basis points primarily as a result of interest expense related to the issuance of 5.0 billion unsecured notes in March 2022 and 4.8 billion unsecured notes in September 2022. 
 
 Income Tax Provision Our effective income tax rate was 28.8 in 2022 compared to 24.7 in 2021. The 2022 rate was unfavorably impacted by the partial deductibility of long-lived asset impairment and loss on sale associated with the Canadian retail business. 

Fiscal 2021 Compared to Fiscal 2020 
 
 For a comparison of our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and capital resources for the fiscal years ended January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021, see Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2022, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2022. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 
 Cash flows from operations, combined with our continued access to capital markets on both a short-term and long-term basis, as needed, remain adequate to fund our operations, make strategic investments to support long-term growth, and return excess cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We believe these sources of liquidity will continue to support our business for the next twelve months. As of February 3, 2023, we held 1.3 billion of cash and cash equivalents, as well as 3.5 billion in undrawn capacity on our revolving credit facilities. 
 
 As of February 3, 2023, our material contractual obligations and commercial commitments consist of leases, long-term debt, purchase obligations, and letters of credit. See Note 6 , Note 8 , and Note 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Statements in Item 8 , Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report for amounts outstanding related to leases, long-term debt, and commitments, respectively, as of February 3, 2023. 
 
 Cash Flows Provided by Operating Activities 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 8,589 10,113 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities continued to provide the primary source of our liquidity. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended February 3, 2023, compared to the year ended January 28, 2022, was due primarily to changes in working capital. Inventory decreased operating cash flow for fiscal 2022 by approximately 2.6 billion compared to a decrease of 1.4 billion for fiscal 2021. Accounts payable decreased operating cash flow for fiscal 2022 by 549 million compared to an increase of 466 million in fiscal 2021, driving a reduction of 1.0 billion in operating cash flows for fiscal 2022. The increase in inventory is primarily due to product cost and freight inflation compared to the prior year, as well as lower inventory turns year-over-year. The decrease in accounts payable is driven by timing of inventory purchases in the prior year. Other operating liabilities increased operating cash flows 388 million for fiscal 2022 compared to a decrease of 570 million in fiscal 2021. This increase is primarily driven by the deferral of payment of our third and fourth quarter estimated federal tax payments under the income tax relief announced by the Internal Revenue Service for business located in states impacted by Hurricane Ian. 
 
 Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 Net cash used in investing activities (1,309) (1,646) 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities primarily consists of transactions related to capital expenditures, offset by proceeds from the sale of the Canadian retail business. 
 
 Capital expenditures 
 
 Our capital expenditures generally consist of investments in our strategic initiatives to enhance our ability to serve customers, improve existing stores, and support expansion plans. Capital expenditures were 1.8 billion in 2022 and 1.9 billion in 2021. The following table provides the allocation of capital expenditures for 2022 and 2021: 
 2022 2021 Existing store investments 75 75 Strategic initiatives 15 15 New stores, new corporate facilities and international 3 
 10 10 Total capital expenditures 100 100 
 1 Includes merchandising resets, facility repairs, replacements of IT and store equipment, among other specific efforts. 
 2 Represents investments related to our strategic focus areas aimed at improving customers experience and driving improved performance in the near and long term. 
 3 Represents expenditures primarily related to land purchases, buildings, and personal property for new store projects and new corporate facilities projects as well as expenditures related to our international operations. 
 
 For 2023, our guidance for capital expenditures is up to 2.0 billion. The following table provides the allocation of our fiscal 2023 capital expenditures guidance: 
 2023 Existing store investments 70 Strategic initiatives 25 New stores and corporate facilities 5 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Cash Flows Used in Financing Activities 
 (In millions) 2022 2021 Net cash used in financing activities (7,049) (12,016) 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities primarily consist of transactions related to our debt, share repurchases, and cash dividend payments. 
 
 Total Debt 
 
 In 2022, we issued 9.8 billion of unsecured notes. This is comprised of 5.0 billion of unsecured notes issued in March 2022 and 4.8 billion of unsecured notes issued in September 2022, the proceeds of which were designated for general corporate purposes. In 2022, we paid approximately 765 million to retire scheduled debts at maturity. 
 
 We have a 2.0 billion five-year unsecured revolving third amended and restated credit agreement (the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement), with a syndicate of banks, which has a maturity date of December 2026 and an aggregate availability of 2.0 billion. We also have a 2.0 billion five-year unsecured revolving credit agreement dated March 23, 2020, and as amended, (the 2020 Credit Agreement) with a syndicate of banks, which has a maturity date of December 2026 and an aggregate availability of 2.0 billion. Subject to obtaining commitments from the lenders and satisfying other conditions specified in the 2020 Credit Agreement and the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (collectively, the Credit Agreements), the Company may increase the combined aggregate availability of the Credit Agreements by an additional 1.0 billion. 
 
 The Credit Agreements support our commercial paper program. The amount available to be drawn under the Credit Agreements is reduced by the amount of borrowings under our commercial paper program. Outstanding borrowings under the Company s commercial paper program were 499 million, with a weighted average interest rate of 4.78 as of February 3, 2023. There were no outstanding borrowings under the 2020 Credit Agreement or the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement as of February 3, 2023. There were no outstanding borrowings under the commercial paper program, the 2020 Credit Agreement, or the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement as of January 28, 2022. Total combined availability under the 2020 Credit Agreement and the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement as of February 3, 2023, was 3.5 billion. 
 
 The Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and the 2020 Credit Agreement contain customary representations, warranties, and covenants. We were in compliance with those covenants as of February 3, 2023. 
 
 The following table includes additional information related to our debt for 2022 and 2021: 
 (In millions, except for interest rate data) 2022 2021 Net proceeds from issuance of debt 9,667 4,972 Repayment of debt (867) (2,118) Net change in commercial paper 499 Maximum commercial paper outstanding at any period 2,470 400 Short-term borrowings outstanding at year-end 499 Weighted-average interest rate of short-term borrowings outstanding 4.78 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 
 We have an ongoing share repurchase program, authorized by the Company s Board of Directors, that is executed through purchases made from time to time either in the open market or through private off-market transactions. We also withhold shares from employees to satisfy tax withholding liabilities on share-based payments. Shares repurchased are returned to 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 authorized and unissued status. The following table provides, on a settlement date basis, the total number of shares repurchased, average price paid per share, and the total amount paid for share repurchases for 2022 and 2021: 
 (In millions, except per share data) 2022 2021 Total amount paid for share repurchases 14,124 13,012 Total number of shares repurchased 71.2 62.8 Average price paid per share 198.39 207.32 
 
 As of February 3, 2023, we had 20.7 billion remaining under our share repurchase program with no expiration date. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 In the third quarter of 2022, we increased our quarterly dividend payment by 31 to 1.05 per share. Our dividend payment dates are established such that dividends are paid in the quarter immediately following the quarter in which they are declared. The following table provides additional information related to our dividend payments for 2022 and 2021: 
 (In millions, except per share data and percentage data) 2022 2021 Total cash dividend payments 2,370 1,984 Dividends paid per share 3.70 2.80 Dividend payout ratio 37 24 
 
 Capital Resources 
 
 We expect to continue to have access to the capital markets on both short-term and long-term bases when needed for liquidity purposes by issuing commercial paper or new long-term debt. The availability and the borrowing costs of these funds could be adversely affected, however, by a downgrade of our debt ratings or a deterioration of certain financial ratios. The table below reflects our debt ratings by Standard Poor s (S P) and Moody s as of March 27, 2023, which is disclosed to provide an enhanced understanding of our sources of liquidity and the effect of our ratings on our cost of funds. Our debt ratings have enabled, and should continue to enable, us to refinance our debt as it becomes due at favorable rates in capital markets. Our commercial paper and senior debt ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
 Debt Ratings S P Moody s Commercial Paper A-2 P-2 Senior Debt BBB+ Baa1 Outlook Stable Stable 
 
 There are no provisions in any agreements that would require early cash settlement of existing debt or leases as a result of a downgrade in our debt rating or a decrease in our stock price. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated financial statements presented in this Annual Report requires us to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. We base these estimates on historical results and various other assumptions believed to be reasonable, all of which form the basis for making estimates concerning the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily available from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included herein. We believe that the following accounting policies affect the most significant estimates and management judgments used in preparing the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Merchandise Inventory 
 
 Description 
 We record an obsolete inventory reserve for the anticipated loss associated with selling inventories below cost. This reserve is based on our current knowledge with respect to inventory levels, sales trends and historical experience. During 2022, our reserve decreased approximately 29 million to 139 million as of February 3, 2023. 
 
 We also record an inventory reserve for the estimated shrinkage between physical inventories. This reserve is based primarily on actual shrink results from previous physical inventories. During 2022, the inventory shrink reserve increased approximately 14 million to 428 million as of February 3, 2023, in response to higher volumes and estimated shrinkage rates based on results from previous physical inventories. 
 
 In addition, we receive funds from vendors in the normal course of business, principally as a result of purchase volumes, sales, early payments or promotions of vendors products. Generally, these vendor funds do not represent the reimbursement of specific, incremental and identifiable costs that we incurred to sell the vendor s product. Many of the vendor funds associated with these purchases are earned under agreements that are negotiated on an annual basis or shorter. The funds are recorded as a reduction to the cost of inventory as they are earned. As the related inventory is sold, the amounts are recorded as a reduction to cost of sales. Funds that are determined to be reimbursements of specific, incremental and identifiable costs incurred to sell vendors products are recorded as an offset to the related expense. 
 
 Judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate 
 We do not believe that our merchandise inventories are subject to significant risk of obsolescence in the near term, and we have the ability to adjust purchasing practices based on anticipated sales trends and general economic conditions. However, changes in consumer purchasing patterns or a deterioration in product quality could result in the need for additional reserves. Likewise, changes in the estimated shrink reserve may be necessary, based on the timing and results of physical inventories. We also apply judgment in the determination of levels of obsolete inventory and assumptions about net realizable value. 
 
 For vendor funds, we develop accrual rates based on the provisions of the agreements in place. Due to the diversity of the individual vendor agreements, we perform analyses and review historical purchase trends and volumes throughout the year, adjust accrual rates as appropriate and confirm actual amounts with select vendors to ensure the amounts earned are appropriately recorded. Amounts accrued throughout the year could be impacted if actual purchase volumes differ from projected purchase volumes, especially in the case of programs that provide for increased funding when graduated purchase volumes are met. 
 
 Effect if actual results differ from assumptions 
 We have not made any material changes in the methodology used to establish our inventory valuation or the related reserves for obsolete inventory or inventory shrinkage during the past three fiscal years. We believe that we have sufficient current and historical knowledge to record reasonable estimates for both of these inventory reserves. However, it is possible that actual results could differ from recorded reserves. A 10 change in either the amount of products considered obsolete or the weighted average estimated loss rate used in the calculation of our obsolete inventory reserve would each have affected net earnings by approximately 10 million for 2022. A 10 change in the estimated shrinkage rate included in the calculation of our inventory shrink reserve would have affected net earnings by approximately 32 million for 2022. 
 
 We have not made any material changes in the methodology used to recognize vendor funds during the past three fiscal years. If actual results are not consistent with the assumptions and estimates used, we could be exposed to additional adjustments that could positively or negatively impact gross margin and inventory. However, substantially all receivables associated with these activities do not require subjective long-term estimates because they are collected within the following fiscal year. Adjustments to gross margin and inventory in the following fiscal year have historically not been material. 
 
 Long-Lived Asset Impairment 
 
 Description 
 We review the carrying amounts of long-lived assets whenever certain events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. When evaluating long-lived assets for impairment, our asset group is generally at an individual location level, as that is the lowest level for which cash flows are identifiable. Cash flows for individual locations do not include an allocation of corporate overhead. 
 
 We evaluate locations for triggering events relating to long-lived asset impairment on a quarterly basis to determine when a location s assets may not be recoverable. For operating locations, our primary indicator that assets may not be recoverable is 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 consistently negative cash flow for a twelve month period for those locations that have been open in the same location for a sufficient period of time to allow for meaningful analysis of ongoing operating results. Management also monitors other factors when evaluating operating locations for impairment, including individual locations execution of their operating plans and local market conditions, including incursion, which is the opening of either other Lowe s locations or those of a direct competitor within the same market. We also consider there to be a triggering event when there is a current expectation that it is more likely than not that a given location will be closed or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2022, the Company determined it was more likely than not that the assets within the Canadian retail business would be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of their previously estimated useful lives and were evaluated for recoverability. Based on the proposed transaction, the Company reconsidered the appropriate asset grouping of long-lived assets attributable to the Company s Canadian locations given the change in the Company s expectations regarding use and disposition of its associated assets. The Company determined the total Canada retail business (Canada asset group) to be the appropriate asset group for which Canadian business assets should be evaluated, as this represents the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets and liabilities. Changes in asset group determinations are accounted for on a prospective basis. 
 
 A potential impairment has occurred if the fair value of the asset group is less than the asset group s carrying value. The carrying value of an operating location s asset group includes inventory, property, operating and finance lease right-of-use assets and operating liabilities including accounts payables, accrued compensation, and operating lease liabilities. Financial and nonoperating liabilities are excluded from the carrying value of the asset group. When determining the stream of projected future cash flows associated with an individual operating location, management makes assumptions, incorporating local market conditions, about key store variables including sales growth rates, gross margin and controllable expenses, such as store payroll and operating expense, as well as asset residual values or lease rates. Operating lease payments are included in the projected future cash flows. Financing lease payments are excluded from the projected future cash flows. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of the operating location is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. 
 
 The carrying value of the Canada asset group included substantially all assets and liabilities of the Canadian retail business, including accounts receivable, inventory, property, operating and finance lease right-of-use assets, definite-lived intangible assets, operating liabilities including accounts payable and accrued compensation, and operating and finance lease liabilities. The cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment balance was excluded from the carrying value of the Canada asset group in evaluating the recoverability of a held and used asset group. 
 
 We use an income approach to determine the fair value of our individual operating locations, which requires discounting projected future cash flows. This involves making assumptions regarding both a location s future cash flows, as described above, and an appropriate discount rate to determine the present value of those future cash flows. We discount our cash flow estimates at a rate commensurate with the risk that selected market participants would assign to the cash flows. The selected market participants represent a group of other retailers with a market footprint similar in size to ours. 
 
 We use a market approach to determine the fair value of our individual locations identified for sale or closure. This involves making assumptions regarding the estimated selling prices or estimated lease rates by obtaining information from property brokers or appraisers in the specific markets being evaluated. The information includes comparable sales of similar assets and assumptions about demand in the market for purchase or lease of these assets. A market approach of an orderly transaction under current market conditions was used in determining the estimated fair value of the Canada asset group, which was based on the proposed transaction price, inclusive of performance-based contingent consideration. 
 
 Judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate 
 Our impairment evaluations require us to apply judgment in determining whether a triggering event has occurred, including the evaluation of whether it is more likely than not that a location will be closed or an asset will be otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. Our impairment loss calculations require us to apply judgment in estimating expected future cash flows, including estimated sales, margin, and controllable expenses, assumptions about market performance for operating locations, and estimated selling prices or lease rates for locations identified for closure. We also apply judgment in estimating asset fair values, including the selection of an appropriate discount rate for fair values determined using an income approach. 
 
 Effect if actual results differ from assumptions 
 During fiscal 2022, the Company recorded 2.1 billion of long-lived asset impairment within selling, general and administrative expenses (SG A) in the consolidated statements of earnings, which reflects the full carrying value of the long-lived assets of the Canada asset group. During fiscal 2021, long-lived asset impairment was immaterial. If the actual results are not consistent 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 with the assumptions and judgments we have made in determining whether it is more likely than not that a location will be closed significantly before the end of its useful life or in estimating future cash flows and determining asset fair values, our actual impairment losses could vary from our estimated impairment losses. In the event that our estimates vary from actual results, we may record additional impairment losses, which could be material to our results of operations. 
 
 Self-Insurance 
 
 Description 
 We are self-insured for certain losses relating to workers compensation, automobile, general and product liability, extended protection plans, and certain medical and dental claims. We have excess insurance coverage above certain retention amounts to limit exposure from single events and earnings volatility. Our self-insured retention or deductible, as applicable, is limited to 2 million per occurrence involving workers compensation, 10 million per occurrence involving general liability, product liability, and automobile liability. We do not have any excess insurance coverage for self-insured extended protection plan or medical and dental claims. Self-insurance claims filed and claims incurred but not reported are accrued based upon our estimates of the discounted ultimate cost for self-insured claims incurred using actuarial assumptions followed in the insurance industry and historical experience. During 2022, our self-insurance liabilities decreased approximately 45 million to 1.1 billion as of February 3, 2023. 
 
 Judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimate 
 These estimates are subject to changes in the regulatory environment, utilized discount rate, projected exposures including payroll, sales and vehicle units, as well as the frequency, lag and severity of claims. 
 
 Effect if actual results differ from assumptions 
 We have not made any material changes in the methodology used to establish our self-insurance liability during the past three fiscal years. Although we believe that we have the ability to reasonably estimate losses related to claims, it is possible that actual results could differ from recorded self-insurance liabilities. A 10 change in our self-insurance liability would have affected net earnings by approximately 80 million for 2022. A 100 basis point change in our discount rate would have affected net earnings by approximately 21 million for 2022. 

Item 7A - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 In addition to the risks inherent in our operations, we are exposed to certain market risks, including changes in interest rates and commodity prices. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We use forward starting interest rate swaps to hedge our exposure to the impact of interest rate changes in future debt issuances. The fair value of our derivative financial instruments as of February 3, 2023, was not material. Fluctuations in interest rates do not have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations because our long-term debt is carried at amortized cost and consists primarily of fixed-rate instruments. Therefore, providing quantitative information about interest rate risk is not meaningful for our financial instruments. 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 
 We purchase certain commodity products that are subject to price volatility caused by factors beyond our control, which could potentially have a material impact on our financial condition and/or results of operations. We believe that the price volatility of these products is partially mitigated by our ability to adjust selling prices. The selling prices of these commodity products are influenced, in part, by the market price we pay and our competitive environment. 

32 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Table of Contents Page No. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 34 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 35 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 38 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders (Deficit)/Equity 
 40 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 41 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 42 
 Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 42 
 Note 2: Revenue 
 49 
 Note 3: Fair Value Measurements 
 50 
 Note 4: Property and Accumulated Depreciation 
 53 
 Note 5: Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 52 
 Note 6: Leases 
 53 
 Note 7: D ivestiture of the Canadian Retail Business 
 55 
 Note 8: Debt 
 56 
 Note 9: Derivative Instruments 
 59 
 Note 10: Shareholders Deficit 
 59 
 Note 11: Share-Based Payments 
 61 
 Note 12: Employee Retirement Plans 
 64 
 Note 13: Income Taxes 
 65 
 Note 14: Earnings Per Share 
 67 
 Note 15: Commitments and Contingencies 
 67 
 Note 16: Related Parties 
 68 
 Note 17: Other Information 
 68 

33 

Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 Management of Lowe s Companies, Inc. and its subsidiaries is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (Internal Control) as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our Internal Control was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and the Board of Directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 
 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the reliability of financial reporting and financial statement preparation and presentation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness may vary over time. 
 
 Our management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our Internal Control as of February 3, 2023. In evaluating our Internal Control, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our management s assessment, we have concluded that, as of February 3, 2023, our Internal Control is effective. 
 
 Deloitte Touche LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the financial statements contained in this Annual Report, was engaged to audit our Internal Control. Their report appears on page 3 7 . 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Lowe s Companies, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Lowe s Companies, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, shareholders (deficit)/equity, and cash flows, for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended February 3, 2023, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended February 3, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of February 3, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Merchandise Inventory Vendor Funds Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company receives funds from its vendors in the normal course of business, principally as a result of purchase volumes and sales. In the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, the Company purchased inventory from a significant number of vendors. Many of the vendor funds associated with these purchases are earned under agreements that are negotiated on an annual basis or shorter. The funds are recorded as a reduction to the cost of inventory as they are earned. As the related inventory is sold, the amounts are recorded as a reduction to cost of sales. 
 We identified vendor funds as a critical audit matter because of the volume and varying terms of the individual vendor agreements. This required an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate whether the vendor funds were recorded in accordance with the terms of the vendor agreements. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Our audit procedures related to whether the vendor funds were recorded in accordance with the terms of the vendor agreements included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over vendor funds, including management s controls over the accrual and recording of vendor funds as a reduction to the cost of inventory as they are earned, and as a reduction to cost of sales as the related inventory is sold, in accordance with the terms of the vendor agreements. 
 We selected a sample of vendor funds and recalculated the amount earned using the terms of the vendor agreement, including the amount recorded as a reduction to the cost of inventory as they are earned, and the amount recorded as a reduction to cost of sales as the related inventory is sold. 
 We selected a sample of vendor funds and confirmed the amount earned and terms of the agreement directly with the vendor. 
 
 /s/ 

March 27, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1962. 

36 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Lowe s Companies, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Lowe s Companies, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of February 3, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of February 3, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule as of and for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, of the Company and our report dated March 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Charlotte, North Carolina 
 March 27, 2023 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Lowe s Companies, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 (In millions, except per share and percentage data) 
 Fiscal Years Ended February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 January 29, 2021 Current Earnings Amount Sales Amount Sales Amount Sales Net sales Cost of sales Gross margin Expenses: Selling, general and administrative Depreciation and amortization Operating income Interest net Loss on extinguishment of debt Pre-tax earnings Income tax provision Net earnings Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 

Lowe s Companies, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (In millions, except percentage data) 
 Fiscal Years Ended February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 January 29, 2021 Amount Sales Amount Sales Amount Sales Net earnings Foreign currency translation adjustments net of tax ) Cash flow hedges net of tax ) ) Other ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Lowe s Companies, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In millions, except par value) 
 February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Merchandise inventory net Other current assets Total current assets Property, less accumulated depreciation Operating lease right-of-use assets Long-term investments Deferred income taxes net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and shareholders deficit Current liabilities: Short-term borrowings Current maturities of long-term debt Current operating lease liabilities Accounts payable Accrued compensation and employee benefits Deferred revenue Income taxes payable Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, excluding current maturities Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Deferred revenue Lowe s protection plans Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Shareholders deficit: Preferred stock par value: Authorized million shares; Issued and outstanding 
 Common stock par value: Authorized billion shares; Issued and outstanding million and million, respectively 
 Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) ) Total shareholders deficit ) ) Total liabilities and shareholders deficit See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Lowe s Companies, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders (Deficit)/Equity 
 (In millions, except per share data) 
 Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Retained Earnings/(Accumulated Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Total Shares Amount Balance January 31, 2020 ) Net earnings Cash dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) Share-based payment expense Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock under share-based payment plans Balance January 29, 2021 ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income Cash dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) Share-based payment expense Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock under share-based payment plans Balance January 28, 2022 ) ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income Cash dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) Share-based payment expense Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock under share-based payment plans Balance February 3, 2023 ) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

40 

Table of Contents 

 Lowe s Companies, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In millions) Fiscal Years Ended February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 January 29, 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Noncash lease expense Deferred income taxes ) ) Asset impairment and loss on property - net Loss on sale of business Loss on extinguishment of debt Share-based payment expense Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Merchandise inventory net ) ) ) Other operating assets ) Accounts payable ) Deferred revenue ) Other operating liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sale/maturity of investments Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property and other long-term assets Proceeds from sale of business Other net ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net change in commercial paper ) Net proceeds from issuance of debt Repayment of debt ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock under share-based payment plans Cash dividend payments ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Other net ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED FEBRUARY 3, 2023, JANUARY 28, 2022, AND JANUARY 29, 2021 

NOTE 1: 
 
 stores in the United States at February 3, 2023. On February 3, 2023, Lowe s completed the sale of its Canadian retail business, which operated stores in Canada, as well as serviced dealer-owned stores. The Canadian retail business included a number of complementary formats under the banners of RONA, Lowe s Canada, R no-D p t, and Dick s Lumber. See Note 7 for information on this divestiture. 
 
 Below are those accounting policies considered by the Company to be significant. 

million, million, and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Gross realized gains and losses on the sale of available-for-sale debt securities were not significant for any of the periods presented. 
 
 Also included in long-term investments is performance-based contingent consideration associated with the sale of the Canadian retail business. The Company accounts for the contingent consideration under the fair value option under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 825, Financial Instruments, which requires the contingent consideration to be recorded at its initial fair value upon recognition and as of each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration are recognized as non-cash changes in fair value included within SG A expense in the consolidated statements of earnings. 
 
 Investments with a stated maturity date of one year or less from the balance sheet date or that are expected to be used in current operations are classified as short-term investments. All other investments are classified as long-term. Available-for-sale debt securities classified as long-term at February 3, 2023, will mature in one to , based on stated maturity dates. 
 
 Restricted balances included in short-term investments were million at February 3, 2023, and million at 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 million at February 3, 2023, and million at January 28, 2022. 
 
 and of the consolidated inventory balances as of February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022, respectively, are stated at lower of cost and net realizable value using the weighted average cost method. The cost of inventory includes certain costs associated with the preparation of inventory for resale, including distribution center costs, and is net of vendor funds. 

43 

Table of Contents 

Total commercial business accounts receivable sold to Synchrony were billion in 2022, billion in 2021, and billion in 2020. The Company recognized losses of million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020 on these receivable sales, which primarily relates to servicing costs that are remitted to Synchrony monthly. 

44 

Table of Contents 

Acquisitions Goodwill, balance at end of year 
 
 ) 
 1 The reduction in the gross carrying amount and cumulative impairment of goodwill is as a result of the sale of the Canadian retail business in fiscal 2022. 
 
 years. Intangible assets are recorded within other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 years. These leases generally contain provisions for to renewal options of each. Original terms for equipment-related leases, primarily material handling equipment and vehicles, are generally between one and . Some of the Company s leases also include rental escalation clauses and/or termination provisions. Renewal options and termination options are included in the determination of lease payments when management determines the options are reasonably certain of exercise, considering financial performance, strategic importance and/or invested capital. Leases with an original term of twelve months or less are not recognized on the Company s balance sheet, and the lease expense related to those short-term leases is recognized over the lease term. The Company does not account for lease and non-lease (e.g., common area maintenance) components of contracts separately for any underlying asset class. 
 
 If readily determinable, the rate implicit in the lease is used to discount lease payments to present value; however, substantially all of the Company s leases do not provide a readily determinable implicit rate. When the implicit rate is not determinable, the Company s estimated incremental borrowing rate is utilized, determined on a collateralized basis, to discount lease payments based on information available at lease commencement. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Payment obligations financed during the year Financed payment obligations paid during the year ) ) ) Financed payment obligations outstanding at the end of the year 
 
 Self-insurance liabilities Accrued interest Sales return reserve Sales tax liabilities Accrued property taxes Other Total 
 
 billion at February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022. 

46 

Table of Contents 

 Outstanding surety bonds relating to self-insurance were million at February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022. 
 
 billion of federal income taxes payable, which is included in income taxes payable in the consolidated balance sheets. 

47 

Table of Contents 

from the date of purchase or the end of the manufacturer s warranty, as applicable. 
 
 and 

Advertising expenses were million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Net foreign currency translation (losses), net of tax, classified in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) were million, million, and million at February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021, respectively. Net cash flow hedge gains/(losses), net of tax, classified in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) were million, million, and million at February 3, 2023, January 28, 2022, and January 29, 2021, respectively. 
 
 As of February 3, 2023, long-lived assets outside of the U.S. were immaterial as a result of the sale of the Canadian retail business. Net sales outside of the U.S. were approximately for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023. The amounts of long-lived assets and net sales outside of the U.S. were approximately and , respectively, at January 28, 2022. The amounts of long-lived assets and net sales outside of the U.S. were approximately and , respectively, at January 29, 2021. 

48 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 2: 
 
 Services Other Net sales 
 
 Right of return assets Other current assets 
 Deferred revenue - retail and stored-value cards 
 Stored-value cards deferred revenue Deferred revenue 
 Deferred revenue - Lowe s protection plans 
 Deferred revenue associated with Lowe s protection plans is as follows: 
 (In millions) February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 Deferred revenue - Lowe s protection plans 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Lowe s protection plan claim expenses 
 Disaggregation of Revenues 
 Building Products Hardlines Other Total 
 Note: Merchandise division net sales for prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. 
 1 Home D cor includes the following product categories: Appliances, D cor, Flooring, Kitchens Bath, and Paint. 
 2 Building Products includes the following product categories: Building Materials, Electrical, Lumber, Millwork, and Rough Plumbing. 
 3 Hardlines includes the following product categories: Hardware, Lawn Garden, Seasonal Outdoor Living, and Tools. 
 
 Canada 1 
 Net Sales 

NOTE 3: 

50 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate debt securities Short-term investments Level 2 Commercial Paper Short-term investments Level 2 Money market funds Short-term investments Level 1 Certificates of deposit Short-term investments Level 1 Foreign government debt securities Short-term investments Level 2 Municipal obligations Short-term investments Level 2 U.S. Treasury securities Long-term investments Level 1 Corporate debt securities Long-term investments Level 2 Municipal obligations Long-term investments Level 2 Foreign government debt securities Long-term investments Level 2 Derivative instruments: Forward interest rate swaps Other current assets Level 2 Forward interest rate swaps Other assets Level 2 Fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps Other liabilities Level 2 Other financial instruments: Contingent consideration Long-term investments Level 3 
 
 There were no transfers between Levels 1, 2, or 3 during any of the periods presented. 
 
 When available, quoted prices were used to determine fair value. When quoted prices in active markets were available, financial assets were classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. When quoted prices in active markets were not available, fair values for financial assets and liabilities classified within Level 2 were determined using pricing models, and the inputs to those pricing models were based on observable market inputs. The inputs to the pricing models were typically benchmark yields, reported trades, broker-dealer quotes, issuer spreads and benchmark securities, among others. The fair value for contingent consideration classified within Level 3 was determined based on an income approach using an option pricing model, calculated using the significant unobservable inputs such as total equity value, volatility, and expected term. 
 
 Recognition of contingent consideration at initial fair value Ending balance 
 
 Assets and Liabilities that are Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 
 For the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, the Company s only significant assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis subsequent to their initial recognition were certain long-lived assets as further described below. 
 
 The Company reviews the carrying amounts of long-lived assets whenever certain events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. When evaluating long-lived assets for impairment, the asset group is generally at an individual location level, as that is the lowest level for which cash flows are identifiable. Cash flows for individual locations do not include an allocation of corporate overhead. The Company evaluates long-lived assets for triggering events on a quarterly basis to determine when assets may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of the asset (disposal) group is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. The Company estimates the fair values of assets subject to long-lived asset impairment based on the Company s own judgments about the assumptions that 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 million. As a result, the Company recorded billion of long-lived asset impairment within SG A expense in the consolidated statements of earnings, which reflected the full carrying value of the long-lived assets of the Canada asset group as of October 28, 2022. As of February 3, 2023, the Company finalized the sale of the Canadian retail business. Refer to Note 7 for details of the divestiture. 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Other Total 
 
 For the fiscal year ended January 28, 2022, the Company had no material measurements of assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis subsequent to their initial recognition. 
 
 Other Fair Value Disclosures 
 
 The Company s financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value on a recurring basis include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, short-term borrowings, accounts payable, and long-term debt and are reflected in the financial statements at cost. With the exception of long-term debt, cost approximates fair value for these items due to their short-term nature. As further described in Note 9 , certain long-term debt is associated with a fair value hedge, and the changes in fair value of the hedged debt is included in the carrying value of long-term debt on the consolidated balance sheets. The fair values of the Company s unsecured notes were estimated using quoted market prices. The fair values of the Company s mortgage notes were estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, based on the future cash outflows associated with these arrangements and discounted using the applicable incremental borrowing rate. 
 
 Mortgage notes (Level 2) Long-term debt (excluding finance lease obligations) 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 4: 
 Buildings and building improvements - 
 Equipment - 
 Construction in progress N/A Total cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, less accumulated depreciation 
 
 Included in property, less accumulated depreciation are right-of-use assets under finance leases. The related amortization expense for right-of-use assets under finance leases is included in depreciation and amortization expense. The Company recognized depreciation and amortization expense, inclusive of amounts presented in cost of sales, of billion in 2022, billion in 2021, and billion in 2020. 

NOTE 5: 
 
 Definite-lived intangible assets: Customer-related 1 
 ) ) Trademarks and trade names 1 
 ) ) Other ) ) Total definite-lived intangible assets ) ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Trademark Total intangible assets ) ) 
 1 Certain definite-lived intangible assets as of January 28, 2022, are denominated in a foreign currency and subject to translation. 

53 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal 2024 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Thereafter Total 

NOTE 6: 
 
 Finance lease assets Property, less accumulated depreciation 1 
 Total lease assets Liabilities Current Operating Current operating lease liabilities Finance Current maturities of long-term debt Noncurrent Operating Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Finance Long-term debt, excluding current maturities Total lease liabilities 
 million as of February 3, 2023, and million as of January 28, 2022. 
 
 Interest on lease liabilities Operating lease cost 1 
 Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 1 Includes short-term leases and sublease income, which are immaterial. 

54 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Total lease payments Less: Interest 3 
 ) ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 1 Operating lease payments include million related to options to extend lease terms that are reasonably certain of being exercised and exclude million of minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced. 
 2 Finance lease payments exclude million of minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced. 

Finance leases Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 Other Information Years Ended (In millions) 
 February 3, 2023 January 28, 2022 January 29, 2021 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows used for operating leases Operating cash flows used for finance leases Financing cash flows used for finance leases Leased assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 1 
 
 1 Excludes million of leases signed but not yet commenced as of February 3, 2023. 

NOTE 7: 
 
 million in cash, and performance-based contingent consideration with a fair value of million, which is recognized as a financial asset in long-term investments on the consolidated balance sheet. The Canadian retail business operated or serviced the corporate and independent dealer-owned stores in a number of complementary formats under different banners, which include RONA, Lowe s Canada, R no-D p t, and Dick s Lumber. The decision to sell the business was made as part of the Company s strategy to simplify its business model and focus on the U.S. home improvement business. 
 
 During the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, the Company recorded billion of pre-tax costs associated with the sale, inclusive of long-lived asset impairment, loss on sale, and transaction costs, which are all included within SG A expense in the consolidated statements of earnings. The cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment previously included in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) was reclassified to earnings and is included in the loss on sale. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Loss on sale Transaction costs Total 

NOTE 8: 
 
 billion unsecured revolving third amended and restated credit agreement (the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement) with a syndicate of banks, which has a maturity date of December 2026 and an aggregate availability of billion. Under the amendment, borrowings under the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement will bear interest calculated according to a Base Rate or a Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), plus an applicable margin. 
 
 Also in January 2023, the Company amended the unsecured revolving credit agreement dated March 23, 2020 (the 2020 Credit Agreement) with a syndicate of banks, which has a maturity date of December 2026 and an aggregate availability of billion. Under the amendment, borrowings under the 2020 Credit Agreement will bear interest calculated according to a Base Rate or a Term SOFR, plus an applicable margin. 
 Subject to obtaining commitments from the lenders and satisfying other conditions specified in the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and the 2020 Credit Agreement (collectively, the Credit Agreements), the Company may increase the combined aggregate availability of both agreements by an additional billion. The Credit Agreements contain customary representations, warranties, and covenants for transactions of these type. The Company was in compliance with those financial covenants at February 3, 2023. 
 The Credit Agreements support the Company s commercial paper program. The amounts available to be drawn under the Credit Agreements are reduced by the amount of borrowings under the commercial paper program. Outstanding borrowings under the Company s commercial paper program were million, with a weighted average interest rate of , as of February 3, 2023. There were borrowings under the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement or the 2020 Credit Agreement as of February 3, 2023. There were outstanding borrowings under the Company s commercial paper program, the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement or the 2020 Credit Agreement as of January 28, 2022. Total combined availability under the Credit Agreements was billion as of February 3, 2023. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Unsecured debt: Notes due through fiscal 2027 Notes due fiscal 2028-2032 Notes due fiscal 2033-2037 Notes due fiscal 2038-2042 Notes due fiscal 2043-2047 Notes due fiscal 2048-2052 Notes due fiscal 2053-2057 Notes due fiscal 2058-2062 Finance lease obligations due through fiscal 2042 Total long-term debt Less: current maturities ) ) Long-term debt, excluding current maturities 
 1 Real properties with an aggregate book value of million as of February 3, 2023, were pledged as collateral for secured debt. 
 
 Fiscal 2024 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 The Company s unsecured notes are issued under indentures that generally have similar terms and, therefore, have been grouped by maturity date for presentation purposes in the table above. The notes contain certain restrictive covenants, none of which are expected to impact the Company s capital resources or liquidity. The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants of these agreements at February 3, 2023. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 billion of unsecured fixed rate notes (collectively, the 2022 Notes) as follows: 
 Issue Date Principal Amount (in millions) Maturity Date Interest Rate Discount (in millions) March 2022 April 2027 March 2022 April 2032 March 2022 April 2052 March 2022 April 2062 September 2022 September 2025 September 2022 April 2033 September 2022 April 2053 September 2022 September 2062 
 
 Interest on the September 2022 Notes and March 2022 Notes with April maturity dates is payable semiannually in arrears in April and October of each year until maturity. Interest on the September 2022 Notes with September maturity dates is payable semiannually in arrears in March and September of each year until maturity. 
 
 billion of unsecured fixed rate notes (collectively, the 2021 Notes) as follows: 
 Issue Date Principal Amount (in millions) Maturity Date Interest Rate Discount (in millions) March 2021 April 2031 March 2021 April 2051 September 2021 September 2028 September 2021 September 2041 
 
 Interest on the September 2021 Notes is payable semiannually in arrears in March and September of each year until maturity. Interest on the March 2021 Notes is payable semiannually in arrears in April and October of each year until maturity. 
 
 The indentures governing the 2022 and 2021 Notes contain a provision that allows the Company to redeem these notes at any time, in whole or in part, at specified redemption prices, plus accrued interest, if any, up to the date of redemption. The indentures also contain a provision that allows the holders of the notes to require the Company to repurchase all or any part of their notes if a change of control triggering event occurs. If elected under the change of control provisions, the repurchase of the notes will occur at a purchase price of of the principal amount, plus accrued interest, if any, on such notes up to the date of purchase. The indentures governing the notes do not limit the aggregate principal amount of debt securities that the Company may issue and do not require the Company to maintain specified financial ratios or levels of net worth or liquidity. However, the indentures include various restrictive covenants, none of which is expected to impact the Company s liquidity or capital resources. 
 
 The discounts associated with these issuances, which include the underwriting and issuance discounts, are recorded in long-term debt and are being amortized over the respective terms of the notes using the effective interest method. 
 
 During 2020, the Company completed cash tender offers to purchase and retire billion combined aggregate principal amount of its outstanding notes with a weighted average interest rate of . As a result of the 2020 cash tender offers, the Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of billion which includes premium paid to holders of the debt, unamortized deferred financing fees and original issue discounts, and loss on reverse treasury lock derivative contracts. See Note 9 for additional information regarding the reverse treasury lock derivative contracts. 

58 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 9: 
 
 Fair value hedges: Fixed-to-floating interest rate swap agreement notional amounts 
 
 See Note 3 for the gross fair values of the Company s outstanding derivative financial instruments and corresponding fair value classifications. 
 
 In connection with the issuance of the March 2022 Notes, the Company settled forward interest rate swap contracts with a combined notional amount of billion and received a payment of million. In connection with the issuance of the September 2022 Notes, the Company settled forward interest rate swap contracts with a combined notional amount of billion and received a payment of million.) million, million, and million, respectively 
 ) Net earnings: Interest net ) ) 
 
 Other Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 
 billion. Upon the pricing of the 2020 cash tender offers, the Company settled the reverse treasury lock derivative contracts and made a payment to its counterparty for million, which is included in loss on extinguishment of debt in the consolidated statements of earnings for the year ended January 29, 2021. The cash flows related to these contracts are included within financing activities in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows. 

NOTE 10: 
 
 million par value) at February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022, of which have been issued. The Board of Directors may issue the preferred stock (without action by shareholders) in one or more series, having such voting rights, dividend and liquidation preferences, and such conversion and other rights as may be designated by the Board of Directors at the time of issuance. 
 
 Authorized shares of common stock were billion par value) at February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022. 
 
 The Company has a share repurchase program that is executed through purchases made from time to time either in the open market or through private off-market transactions. Shares purchased under the repurchase program are returned to authorized and unissued status. On December 7, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized billion of share repurchases under the program, in addition to the billion of share repurchases authorized by the Board of Directors in December 2021, with no expiration. As of February 3, 2023, the Company had billion remaining under the program. 
 
 During the year ended February 3, 2023, the Company entered into Accelerated Share Repurchase (ASR) agreements with third-party financial institutions to repurchase a total of million shares of the Company s common stock for billion. At inception, the Company paid the financial institutions using cash on hand and took initial delivery of shares. Under the 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Q4 2020 Q4 2020 Q1 2021 Q1 2021 Q2 2021 Q2 2021 Q3 2021 Q3 2021 Q4 2021 Q4 2021 Q1 2022 Q1 2022 Q2 2022 Q2 2022 Q3 2022 Q3 2022 Q4 2022 Q4 2022 

During the year ended February 3, 2023, the Company also repurchased shares of its common stock through the open market totaling million shares for a cost of billion. 
 
 The Company also withholds shares from employees to satisfy either the exercise price of stock options exercised or the statutory withholding tax liability resulting from the vesting of restricted stock awards and performance share units. 
 
 Shares withheld from employees Total share repurchases 
 1 As of January 1, 2023, share repurchases in excess of issuances are subject to a excise tax, which is included as part of the cost basis of the shares acquired. 

60 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 11: 
 
 million shares were authorized for grants of share-based awards to key employees and non-employee directors under the Company s currently active Incentive Plan, of which there were million shares remaining available for grants as of February 3, 2023. 
 
 On May 29, 2020, shareholders approved the Lowe s Companies, Inc. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2020 ESPP), which permits a maximum number of shares offered under the new plan of million shares. The first offering date under the 2020 ESPP began December 1, 2020, following the expiration of the Lowe s Companies Employee Stock Purchase Plan Stock Options for Everyone (the Former ESPP). From its adoption to expiration on November 30, 2020, there were million of the million authorized shares issued under the Former ESPP. The first offering period under the 2020 ESPP ended May 31, 2021, with the automatic exercise of options occurring the same day. As of February 3, 2023, there were million s hares remaining available for purchases. 
 
 The Company recognized share-based payment expense within SG A expense in the consolidated statements of earnings of million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The total associated income tax benefit recognized, exclusive of excess tax benefits, was million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Total unrecognized share-based payment expense for all share-based payment plans was million at February 3, 2023, of which million will be recognized in 2023, million in 2024, and million thereafter. This results in these amounts being recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 For all share-based payment awards, the expense recognized has been adjusted for estimated forfeitures where the requisite service is not expected to be met. Estimated forfeiture rates are developed based on the Company s analysis of historical forfeiture data for homogeneous employee groups. 
 
 General terms and methods of valuation for the Company s share-based awards are as follows: 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 Stock options have terms of years, with one-third of each grant vesting each year for , subsequent to the date of the grant, and are assigned an exercise price equal to the closing market price of a share of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. Options are expensed on a straight-line basis over the grant vesting period, which is considered to be the requisite service period. 
 
 The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. When determining expected volatility, the Company considers the historical volatility of the Company s stock price, as well as implied volatility. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant, based on the options expected term. The expected term of the options is based on the Company s evaluation of option holders exercise patterns and represents the period of time that options are expected to remain unexercised. The Company uses historical data to estimate the timing and amount of forfeitures. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Dividend yield Risk-free interest rate Expected term, in years Weighted-average grant date fair value 
 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised, representing the difference between the exercise price and the market price on the date of exercise, was approximately million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Granted Canceled, forfeited or expired ) Exercised ) Outstanding at February 3, 2023 Vested and expected to vest at February 3, 2023 1 
 Exercisable at February 3, 2023 
 1 Includes outstanding vested options as well as outstanding nonvested options after a forfeiture rate is applied. 
 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 
 Restricted stock awards are valued at the market price of a share of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. In general, these awards vest ratably over a period from the date of grant. Certain awards vest at the end of a period from the date of grant and at the end of a period from the date of grant, or vest at the end of a period from the date of grant. All awards are expensed on a straight-line basis over a period, which is considered to be the requisite service period. The Company uses historical data to estimate the timing and amount of forfeitures. The weighted-average grant-date fair value per share of restricted stock awards granted was , , and in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The total fair value of restricted stock awards vesting each year was approximately million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Canceled or forfeited ) Nonvested at February 3, 2023 

62 

Table of Contents 

 for 2022, and for 2021 and 2020. During 2022, deferred stock units were granted for non-employee Directors. The weighted-average grant-date fair value per share of deferred stock units granted was , , and in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. There were no deferred stock units vested in 2022. The total fair value of deferred stock units vested was million in 2021 and 2020. At February 3, 2023, there were deferred stock units outstanding, which are either fully vested or will be vested within one year. 
 
 Performance Share Units 
 
 The Company issues performance share units classified as equity awards. Expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, based on the probability of achieving the performance condition, with changes in expectations recognized as an adjustment to earnings in the period of the change. Compensation cost is not recognized for performance share units that do not vest because service or performance conditions are not satisfied, and any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed. Performance share units do not have dividend rights. The Company uses historical data to estimate the timing and amount of forfeitures. 
 
 The Company s performance share units are classified as equity and contain performance and service conditions that must be satisfied for an employee to earn the right to benefit from the award. The performance share units contain a market condition modifier, in addition to having a performance and service condition. The performance condition for these awards continues to be based primarily on the achievement of the Company s return on invested capital (ROIC) targets. The market condition is based on the Company s total shareholder return (TSR) compared to the median TSR of companies listed in the S P 500 Index over a three-year performance period. The Company uses a Monte-Carlo simulation to determine the grant date fair value for these awards, which takes into consideration the market price of a share of the Company s common stock on the date of grant less the present value of dividends expected during the requisite service period, as well as the possible outcomes pertaining to the TSR market condition. 
 
 Dividend yield Risk-free interest rate Expected term, in years 
 
 In general, to of the Company s performance share units vest at the end of a service period from the date of grant based upon achievement of the performance condition, or a combination of the performance and market conditions, specified in the performance share unit agreement. 
 
 The weighted-average grant-date fair value per unit of performance share units classified as equity awards granted was , , and in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The total fair value of performance share units vesting was approximately million in 2022. There were performance share units vesting in 2021 or 2020. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) Canceled or forfeited ) Nonvested at February 3, 2023 
 The number of units presented is based on achieving the targeted performance goals as defined in the performance share unit agreements. As of February 3, 2023, the maximum number of nonvested units that could vest under the provisions of the agreements was million. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Restricted stock units do not have dividend rights and are valued at the market price of a share of the Company s common stock on the date of grant less the present value of dividends expected during the requisite service period. In general, these awards vest ratably over a period from the date of grant. Certain awards vest at the end of a period from the date of grant and at the end of a period from the date of grant, or vest at the end of a period from the date of grant. All awards are expensed on a straight-line basis over that period, which is considered to be the requisite service period. The Company uses historical data to estimate the timing and amount of forfeitures. The weighted-average grant-date fair value per share of restricted stock units granted was , , and in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The total fair value of restricted stock units vesting was approximately million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Canceled or forfeited ) Nonvested at February 3, 2023 
 
 ESPP 
 
 of the closing price on the date of purchase. The Company s share-based payment expense per share is equal to of the closing price on the date of purchase. The ESPP is considered a liability award and is measured at fair value at each reporting date, and the share-based payment expense is recognized over the six-month offering period. Under the 2020 ESPP, the Company issued million and million shares of common stock in 2022 and 2021, respectively, and recognized million of share-based payment expense in 2022 and 2021. Under the Former ESPP, the Company issued million shares of common stock and recognized million of share-based payment expense in 2020. 

NOTE 12: 
 
 of employment. The Company makes contributions to the 401(k) Plan each payroll period, based upon a matching formula applied to employee deferrals (the Company Match). Participants are eligible to receive the Company Match pursuant to the terms of the 401(k) Plan. The Company Match varies based on how much the employee elects to defer up to a maximum of of eligible compensation. The Company Match is invested identically to employee contributions and is immediately vested. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

NOTE 13: 
 
 State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Loss on divestiture of Canadian retail business ) Expiration of capital loss carryforward Valuation allowance Other, net ) ) ) Effective tax rate 
 
 State Total current 1 
 Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) Total deferred 1 
 ) ) Total income tax provision 
 1 Amounts applicable to foreign income taxes were insignificant for all periods presented. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Share-based payment expense Operating lease liabilities Capital loss carryforwards Net operating losses Other, net Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Property ) ) Other, net ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 
 As of February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022, the Company had Canadian net operating loss carryforwards of billion and million, respectively. The increase in net operating loss carryforwards results primarily from the sale of the Canadian retail business. The net operating losses expire in 2024 through 2042. As a result of the sale of the Canadian retail business, the Company generated a capital loss carryforward of billion for Canadian tax purposes which does not expire. During 2022, a U.S. capital loss carryforward of million expired unused, resulting in the elimination of the million deferred tax asset and a reduction in the valuation allowance in the same amount. 
 
 A valuation allowance of billion and million was recorded as of February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022, respectively. The increase in the valuation allowance is primarily due to uncertainty regarding the realization of net operating and capital losses resulting from the sale of the Canadian retail business, partially offset by the reversal of the valuation allowance related to the expiration of the U.S. capital loss. 
 
 Additions for tax positions of prior years Settlements ) ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits, end of year 
 
 The unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would favorably impact the effective tax rate were million and million as of February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022, respectively. 
 
 The net interest expense recognized by the Company related to uncertain tax positions was million for 2022, million for 2021, and insignificant for 2020. The Company had million and million of accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions as of February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022, respectively. 
 
 penalties were recognized related to uncertain tax positions for 2022 and million was recognized for 2021. An insignificant amount was recognized for tax year 2020. The Company had million of accrued penalties related to uncertain tax positions as of February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

Note 14: 

Less: Net earnings allocable to participating securities ) ) ) Net earnings allocable to common shares, basic Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share: Net earnings attributable to Lowe's Companies, Inc. Less: Net earnings allocable to participating securities ) ) ) Net earnings allocable to common shares, diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding Dilutive effect of non-participating share-based awards Weighted-average common shares, as adjusted Diluted earnings per common share Anti-dilutive securities excluded from diluted weighted-average common shares 

NOTE 15: 
 
 billion related to certain marketing and information technology programs, and purchases of merchandise inventory. These commitments include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable, are legally binding, and specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Payments under these commitments are scheduled to be made as follows: 2023, million; 2024, million; 2025, million; 2026, million; 2027, million; and thereafter, million. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

million. The majority of the Company s letters of credit were issued to support the Company s warranty program. 

NOTE 16: 
 
 million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. Amounts payable to this vendor were insignificant to the Company at February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022. 
 
 A former member of the Company s Board of Directors also serves on the Board of Directors of a vendor that provides branded consumer packaged goods to the Company. The Company purchased products from this vendor in the amount of million in 2021 and million in 2020. This was no longer considered a related party relationship as of January 28, 2022. 

NOTE 17: 
 
 Lease obligations Short-term borrowings Interest income ) ) ) Interest capitalized ) ) Interest on tax uncertainties Other Interest net 
 
 Cash paid for income taxes, net Non-cash investing and financing activities: 1 
 Cash dividends declared but not paid 
 1 See Note 6 for supplemental cash flow disclosures related to finance and operating leases. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

Lumber Seasonal Outdoor Living Lawn Garden Kitchens Bath Millwork Paint Rough Plumbing Electrical D cor Tools Building Materials Flooring Hardware Other Net sales 
 Note: Product category sales for prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. 

Item 9 - Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A - Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company s management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures , (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act)). Based upon their evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective for the purpose of ensuring that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) (1) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (2) is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management s report on internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) and the report of Deloitte Touche LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, are included in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 
 The Company is undergoing a multi-year technology transformation which includes updating and modernizing our merchandise selling system, as well as certain accounting and finance systems. These updates are expected to continue for the next few years, and management will continue to evaluate the design and implementation of the Company s internal controls over financial reporting as the transformation continues. No change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the fiscal fourth quarter ended February 3, 2023, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B - Other Information 
 None. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9C - Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Part III 

Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this item with respect to our executive officers appears in Part I of this Annual Report under the heading, Information About Our Executive Officers . The other information required by this item is furnished by incorporation by reference to the information under the headings Proposal 1: Election of Directors , Corporate Governance , and Additional Information - Shareholder Proposals for the 2024 Annual Meeting in the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023 (the Proxy Statement). 
 
 We have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics, which is intended to qualify as a code of ethics within the meaning of Item 406 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act, which we refer to as the Lowe s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code). The Code applies to all employees of the Company, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or persons performing similar functions. The Code is designed to ensure that the Company s business is conducted in a legal and ethical manner. The Code covers all areas of professional conduct, including compliance with laws and regulations, conflicts of interest, fair dealing among customers and suppliers, corporate opportunity, confidential information, insider trading, employee relations, and accounting complaints. The full text of the Code can be found on our website at www.Lowes.com, under the About Lowe s , Investors , and Corporate Governance - Governance Documents headings. You can also obtain a copy of the complete Code by contacting Investor Relations by phone at 1-800-813-7613 or email at investorrelations@lowes.com. 
 
 We will disclose information pertaining to amendments or waivers to provisions of the Code that apply to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or persons performing similar functions and that relate to any element of the Code enumerated in the SEC rules and regulations by posting this information on our website at www.Lowes.com. The information on our website is not a part of this Annual Report and is not incorporated by reference in this report or any of our other filings with the SEC. 

Item 11 - Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this item is furnished by incorporation by reference to the information under the headings Corporate Governance Compensation of Directors , Compensation Discussion and Analysis , Compensation Tables , and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in the Proxy Statement, except as to information required pursuant to Item 402(v) of SEC Regulation S-K relating to pay versus performance. 

Item 12 - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this item is furnished by incorporation by reference to the information under the headings Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 13 - Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this item is furnished by incorporation by reference to the information under the headings Corporate Governance Director Independence , Related Person Transactions , and Appendix B: Categorical Standards for Determination of Director Independence in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 14 - Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this item is furnished by incorporation by reference to the information under the heading Audit Matters Fees Paid to the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Proxy Statement. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Part IV 

Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

a) 1. Financial Statements 
 
 See the following items and page numbers appearing in Item 8 of this Annual Report: 
 
 Page No. Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 35 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended F eb rua ry 3, 2023 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended February 3, 2023 
 38 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022 
 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders (Deficit)/Equity for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended February 3, 20 23 
 40 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended F ebruary 3, 2023 
 41 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended Febr uary 3, 2023 
 42 

72 

Table of Contents 

 2. Financial Statement Schedule 
 
 ) 1 
 Reserve for inventory shrinkage ) 2 
 Reserve for sales returns ) Deferred tax valuation allowance 3 
 Self-insurance liabilities ) 4 
 January 28, 2022: 
 Reserve for loss on obsolete inventory ) 1 
 Reserve for inventory shrinkage ) 2 
 Reserve for sales returns ) Deferred tax valuation allowance ) 3 
 Self-insurance liabilities ) 4 
 January 29, 2021: 
 Reserve for loss on obsolete inventory 1 
 Reserve for inventory shrinkage ) 2 
 Reserve for sales returns Deferred tax valuation allowance 3 
 Self-insurance liabilities ) 4 
 
 1 Represents the net (decrease)/increase in the required reserve based on the Company s evaluation of obsolete inventory. 
 2 Represents the actual inventory shrinkage experienced at the time of physical inventories. 
 3 Represents the increase/(decrease) in the required reserve based on the Company s evaluation of deferred tax assets. 
 4 Represents claim payments for self-insured claims. 

73 

Table of Contents 

 3. Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit Number Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Restated Charter of Lowe s Companies, Inc. 
 10-Q 001-07898 3.1 September 1, 2009 3.2 Bylaws of Lowe s Companies, Inc., as amended and restated November 11, 2022 . 
 8-K 001-07898 3.1 November 16, 2022 4.1 Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1995, between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor trustee. 
 8-K 001-07898 4.1 December 15, 1995 4.2 Form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s 6 7/8 Debentures due February 15, 2028. 
 8-K 001-07898 4.2 February 20, 1998 4.3 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 23, 1999, to the Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1995, between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor trustee. 
 10-K 001-07898 10.13 April 19, 1999 4.4 Form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s 6 1/2 Debentures due March 15, 2029. 
 10-K 001-07898 10.19 April 19, 1999 4.5 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 6, 2005, to the Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1995, between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor trustee, including as an exhibit thereto a form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s 5.5 Notes maturing in October 2035. 
 10-K 001-07898 4.5 April 3, 2007 4.6 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 10, 2006, to the Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1995, between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor trustee, including as an exhibit thereto a form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s 5.80 Notes maturing in October 2036. 
 S-3 (POSASR) 333-137750 4.5 October 10, 2006 4.7 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 11, 2007, to the Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1995, between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor trustee, including as exhibits thereto a form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s 6.10 Notes maturing in September 2017 and a form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s 6.65 Notes maturing in September 2037. 
 8-K 001-07898 4.1 September 11, 2007 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 4.8 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 15, 2010, to the Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1995, between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor trustee, including as exhibits thereto a form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s 4.625 Notes maturing in April 2020 and a form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s 5.800 Notes maturing in April 2040. 
 8-K 001-07898 4.1 April 15, 2010 4.9 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 23, 2011, to the Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1995, between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor trustee, including as exhibits thereto a form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s 3.800 Notes maturing in November 2021 and a form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s 5.125 Notes maturing in November 2041. 
 8-K 001-07898 4.1 November 23, 2011 4.10 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 23, 2012, to the Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1995, between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor trustee, including as exhibits thereto a form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s 1.625 Notes maturing in April 2017, a form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s 3.120 Notes maturing in April 2022 and a form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s 4.650 Notes maturing in April 2042. 
 8-K 001-07898 4.1 April 23, 2012 4.11 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 11, 2013, to the Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1995, between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor trustee, including as exhibits thereto a form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s 3.875 Notes maturing in September 2023 and a form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s 5.000 Notes maturing in September 2043. 
 8-K 001-07898 4.1 September 11, 2013 4.12 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 10, 2014, to the Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1995, between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor trustee, including as exhibits thereto a form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s Floating Rate Notes maturing in September 2019, a form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s 3.125 Notes maturing in September 2024 and a form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s 4.250 Notes maturing in September 2044. 
 8-K 001-07898 4.1 September 10, 2014 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 4.13 Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 16, 2015, to the Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1995, between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor trustee, including as exhibits thereto a form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s Floating Rate Notes maturing in September 2018, a form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s 3.375 Notes maturing in September 2025 and a form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s 4.375 Notes maturing in September 2045. 
 8-K 001-07898 4.1 September 16, 2015 4.14 Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 20, 2016, to the Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1995, between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including as exhibits thereto a form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s Floating Rate Notes maturing in April 2019, a form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s 1.15 Notes maturing in April 2019, a form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s 2.50 Notes maturing in April 2026 and a form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s 3.70 Notes maturing in April 2046. 
 8-K 001-07898 4.1 April 20, 2016 4.15 Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 3, 2017, between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor trustee, including as exhibits thereto a form of 3.100 Notes due May 3, 2027 and a form of 4.050 Notes due May 3, 2047. 
 8-K 001-07898 4.1 May 3, 2017 4.16 Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 5, 2019, between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor trustee), including as exhibits thereto a form of 3.650 Notes due April 5, 2029 and a form of 4.550 Notes due April 5, 2049. 
 8-K 001-07898 4.2 April 5, 2019 4.17 Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 26, 2020, between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor trustee), including as exhibits thereto a form of 4.000 Notes due April 15, 2025, a form of 4.500 Notes due April 15, 2030, a form of 5.000 Notes due April 15, 2040 and a form of 5.125 Notes due April 15, 2050. 
 8-K 001-07898 4.2 March 27, 2020 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 4.18 Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 22, 2020, between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor trustee), including as exhibits thereto a form of 1.300 Notes due April 15, 2028, a form of 1.700 Notes due October 15, 2030 and a form of 3.000 Notes due October 15, 2050. 
 8-K 001-07898 4.2 October 22, 2020 4.19 Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 31, 2021, between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor trustee), including as exhibits thereto a form of 2.625 Notes due April 1, 2031 and a form of 3.500 Notes due April 1, 2051. 
 8-K 001-07898 4.2 March 31, 2021 4.20 Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 20, 2021, between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and U.S. Bank Association (as successor trustee), including as exhibits thereto a form of 1.700 Notes due September 15, 2028 and a form of 2.800 Notes due September 15, 2041. 
 8-K 001-07898 4.2 September 20, 2021 4.21 Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 24, 2022, between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association as successor trustee). including as exhibits thereto a form of 3.350 Notes due April 1, 2027, a form of 3.750 Notes due April 1, 2032, a form of 4.250 notes due April 1, 2052 and a form of 4.450 Notes due April 1, 2062 . 
 8-K 001-07898 4.2 March 24, 2022 4.22 Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 8, 2022, between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association as successor trustee). including as exhibits thereto a form of 4.400 Notes due September 8, 2025, a form of 5.000 Notes due April 15, 2033, a form of 5.625 notes due April 15, 2053 and a form of 5.800 Notes due September 15, 2062. 
 8-K 001-07898 4.2 September 8, 2022 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 4.23 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2020, by and among Lowe s Companies, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, swing-line lender, and a letter of credit issuer, U.S. Bank National Association, as syndication agent and a letter of credit issuer, Citibank, N.A., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as co-documentation agents, and the other lenders party thereto. 
 8-K 001-07898 10.1 March 24, 2020 4.24 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2021, by and among Lowe s Companies, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, swing line lender and a letter of credit issuer, and the other lenders party thereto. 
 8-K 001-07898 10.2 December 15, 2021 4.25 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2023, by and among Lowe s Companies, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 8-K 001-07898 10.2 January 23, 2023 4.26 364-day Term Loan Facility, dated as of April 22, 2021, by and between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. 
 8-K 001-07898 10.1 April 27, 2021 4.27 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2021, by and among Lowe s Companies, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, swing line lender and a letter of credit issuer, U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Bank. National Association, as co-syndication agents and letter of credit issuers, and Citibank, N.A., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Barclays Bank PLC, as co-documentation agents, and the other lenders party thereto. 
 8-K 001-07898 10.1 December 15, 2021 4.28 Amendment No. 1 to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2023, by and among Lowe s Companies, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, swing line lender and a letter of credit issuer, and the other lenders party thereto. 
 8-K 001-07898 10.1 January 23, 2023 4.29 Description of Securities. 
 10-K 001-07898 4.23 March 22, 2021 10.1 Lowe s Companies, Inc. Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated May 28, 2021. 
 10-Q 001-07898 10.1 August 26, 2021 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.2 Lowe s Companies, Inc. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 S-8 333-249586 99.1 October 21, 2020 10.3 Lowe s Companies Benefit Restoration Plan, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2008. 
 10-Q 001-07898 10.2 December 12, 2007 10.4 Amendment No. 1 to the Lowe s Companies Benefit Restoration Plan. 
 10-K 001-07898 10.10 March 29, 2011 10.5 Amendment No. 2 to the Lowe s Companies Benefit Restoration Plan. 
 10-K 001-07898 10.11 March 29, 2011 10.6 Amendment No. 3 to the Lowe s Companies Benefit Restoration Plan. 
 10-Q 001-07898 10.1 December 1, 2011 10.7 Amendment No. 4 to the Lowe s Companies Benefit Restoration Plan. 
 10-Q 001-07898 10.1 September 4, 2012 10.8 Amendment No. 5 to the Lowe s Companies Benefit Restoration Plan. 
 10-Q 001-07898 10.1 December 3, 2013 10.9 Amendment No. 6 to the Lowe s Companies Benefit Restoration Plan. 
 10-K 001-07898 10.1 March 31, 2015 10.10 Amendment No. 7 to the Lowe s Companies Benefit Restoration Plan. 
 10-K 001-07898 10.16 April 4, 2017 10.11 Lowe s Companies Cash Deferral Plan. 
 10-Q 001-07898 10.1 June 4, 2004 10.12 Amendment No. 1 to the Lowe s Companies Cash Deferral Plan. 
 10-Q 001-07898 10.1 December 12, 2007 10.13 Amendment No. 2 to the Lowe s Companies Cash Deferral Plan. 
 10-Q 001-07898 10.2 December 1, 2010 10.14 Form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. Deferred Stock Unit Agreement for Outside Directors. 
 10-Q 001-07898 10.1 September 3, 2019 10.15 Form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. Deferred Stock Unit Agreement for Nonemployee Directors. 
 10-Q 001-07898 10.2 August 25, 2022 10.16 Lowe s Companies, Inc. 2006 Long Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective as of May 27, 2022. 
 8-K 001-07898 10.1 June 2, 2022 10.17 Lowe s Companies, Inc. 2016 Annual Incentive Plan, effective as of February 1, 2016. 
 DEF 14A 001-07898 Appendix C April 11, 2016 10.18 Offer Letter between Marvin R. Ellison and Lowe s Companies, Inc. entered into on May 21, 2018. 
 8-K 001-07898 10.1 May 22, 2018 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.19 Offer Letter between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and Joseph M. McFarland III entered into on July 18, 2018. 
 10-Q 001-07898 10.2 September 4, 2018 10.20 Offer Letter between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and David M. Denton entered into on August 20, 2018. 
 10-Q 001-07898 10.3 September 4, 2018 10.21 Offer Letter between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and William P. Boltz entered into on July 15, 2018. 
 10-K 001-07898 10.20 March 21, 2022 10.22 Offer Letter between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and Seemantini Godbole entered into on October 30, 2018. 
 10-K 001-07898 10.21 March 21, 2022 10.23 Offer Letter between Lowe s Companies, Inc. and Brandon J. Sink entered into on April 8, 2022. 
 8-K 001-07898 10.1 April 8, 2022 10.24 Form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Tier I Officers. 
 10-K 001-07898 10.28 March 23, 2020 10.25 Form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. Performance Share Unit Award Agreement for Tier I Officers. 
 10-Q 001-07898 10.2 June 3, 2019 10.26 Form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Tier I Officers. 
 10-Q 001-07898 10.6 June 3, 2019 10.27 Form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. Change in Control Agreement for Tier I Senior Officers. 
 10-Q 001-07898 10.7 September 4, 2018 10.28 Form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. Performance Share Unit Award Agreement. 
 10-Q 001-07898 10.1 November 25, 2020 10.29 Form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement. 
 10-Q 001-07898 10.2 May 28, 2020 10.30 Form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. Director Indemnification Agreement. 
 10-Q 001-07898 10.6 December 6, 2018 10.31 Form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. Officer Indemnification Agreement. 
 10-K 001-07898 10.43 April 2, 2019 10.32 Form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. 2021 Restricted Stock Award Agreement. 
 10-Q 001-07898 10.4 May 27, 2021 10.33 Form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. 2021 Performance Share Unit Award Agreement. 
 10-Q 001-07898 10.2 May 27, 2021 10.34 Form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. 2021 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement. 
 10-Q 001-07898 10.3 May 27, 2021 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.35 Form of Lowe s Companies, Inc. 2022 Performance Share Unit Award Agreement. 
 10-Q 001-07898 10.2 May 26, 2022 10.36 Lowe s Companies, Inc. Severance Plan for Senior Officers as amended and restated May 26, 2022. 
 10-Q 001-07898 10.3 August 25, 2022 21.1 List of Subsidiaries. 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on the Signatures page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 99.1 Thirteenth Amendment to the Lowe s 401(k) Plan, executed on June 14, 2022 (filed to include this amendment as an exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form S-8, Registration No.033-29772). 
 99.2 Fourteenth Amendment to the Lowe s 401(k) Plan, effective December 31, 2022 (filed to include this amendment as an exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form S-8, Registration No.033-29772). 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document the XBRL Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101). Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 

82 

Table of Contents 

 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 LOWE S COMPANIES, INC. (Registrant) March 27, 2023 By: /s/ Marvin R. Ellison Date Marvin R. Ellison Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 27, 2023 By: /s/ Brandon J. Sink Date Brandon J. Sink Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer March 27, 2023 By: /s/ Dan C. Griggs, Jr. Date Dan C. Griggs, Jr. Senior Vice President, Tax and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Each of the directors of the registrant whose signature appears below hereby appoints Brandon J. Sink, Dan C. Griggs, Jr., and Ross W. McCanless, and each of them severally, as his or her attorney-in-fact to sign in his or her name and behalf, in any and all capacities stated below, and to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission any and all amendments to this report, making such changes in this report as appropriate, and generally to do all such things on their behalf in their capacities as directors and/or officers to enable the registrant to comply with the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and all requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 /s/ Marvin R. Ellison Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 27, 2023 Marvin R. Ellison Date /s/ Raul Alvarez Director March 27, 2023 Raul Alvarez Date /s/ David H. Batchelder Director March 27, 2023 David H. Batchelder Date /s/ Scott H. Baxter Director March 27, 2023 Scott H. Baxter Date /s/ Sandra B. Cochran Director March 27, 2023 Sandra B. Cochran Date /s/ Laurie Z. Douglas Director March 27, 2023 Laurie Z. Douglas Date /s/ Richard W. Dreiling Director March 27, 2023 Richard W. Dreiling Date /s/ Daniel J. Heinrich Director March 27, 2023 Daniel J. Heinrich Date /s/ Brian C. Rogers Director March 27, 2023 Brian C. Rogers Date /s/ Bertram L. Scott Director March 27, 2023 Bertram L. Scott Date /s/ Colleen Taylor Director March 27, 2023 Colleen Taylor Date /s/ Mary Beth West Director March 27, 2023 Mary Beth West Date 
 
 85 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 exhibit211_02032023.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 

LOWE S COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES 
 
 NAME AND DOING BUSINESS AS STATE OR JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION Lowe s Home Centers, LLC North Carolina Lowe s Holding Canada, ULC Canada All other subsidiaries were omitted pursuant to Item 601(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 exhibit231_02032023.htm
 CONSENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in 
 
 Description Registration Statement Number Form S-3 ASR Lowe s Stock Advantage Direct Stock Purchase Plan 333-248600 Debt Securities, Preferred Stock, Common Stock 333-258108 Form S-8 Lowe s 401(k) Plan 33-29772 Lowe s Companies Benefit Restoration Plan 333-97811 Lowe s Companies Cash Deferral Plan 333-114435 Lowe s Companies, Inc. 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan 333-138031 333-196513 Lowe s Companies, Inc. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 333-249586 
 
 of our reports dated March 27, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Lowe s Companies, Inc. and the effectiveness of Lowe s Companies, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 Charlotte, North Carolina 
 March 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit311_02032023.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Marvin R. Ellison, certify that 
 
 (1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023 of Lowe s Companies, Inc. (the Registrant) 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 (4) The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 (5) The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 March 27, 2023 s Marvin R. Ellison Date Marvin R. Ellison Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit312_02032023.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Brandon J. Sink, certify that 
 
 (1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023 of Lowe s Companies, Inc. (the Registrant) 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 (4) The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 (5) The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 March 27, 2023 s Brandon J. Sink Date Brandon J. Sink Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit321_02032023.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lowe s Companies, Inc. (the Company) for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Marvin R. Ellison, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Marvin R. Ellison 
 Marvin R. Ellison 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 March 27, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 exhibit322_02032023.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lowe s Companies, Inc. (the Company) for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Brandon J. Sink, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Brandon J. Sink 
 Brandon J. Sink 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 March 27, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 8
 exhibit991_02032023.htm
 THIRTEENTH AMENDMENT TO THE LOWE'S 401(K) PLAN

Document 

Exhibit 99.1 

AMENDMENT NUMBER THIRTEEN TO THE 
 LOWE S 401(k) PLAN 
 This Amendment Number Thirteen to the Lowe s 401(k) Plan, as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2013 (the Plan is adopted by Lowe s Companies, Inc. (the Company ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS , the Company maintains the Plan for the benefit of its eligible employees and the eligible employees of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, which have adopted and participate in the Plan and 
 WHEREAS , the Maintenance Supply Headquarters, LP 401(k) Plan was merged into the Plan effective December 31, 2019 
 WHEREAS , the Company desires to amend the Plan and align the Plan terms to the Plan s 2020 operations with respect to participants in the Plan who were employed by Maintenance Supply Headquarters, LP and 
 NOW, THEREFORE , the Company does hereby declare that the Plan be, and hereby is, amended as follows 
 The definition of Compensation in Section 2 is amended in its entirety effective as of January 1, 2020 to read as follows 
 The total remuneration paid to an Employee by Lowe s in each Plan Year, as reportable on IRS Form W 2, including the amount (if any) of (i) Salary Deferral Contributions made on the Employee s behalf for the Plan Year, (ii) salary reductions under the Lowe s Companies Flexible Benefit Plan (pursuant to Section 125 of the Code), and (iii) elective amounts that are not includable in the gross income of the Employee under Section 132(f), 402(e)(3), 402(h) or 403(b) of the Code, but excluding reimbursements or other expense allowances, fringe benefits (cash and noncash), moving expenses, deferred compensation and welfare benefits and any amount in excess of 255,000 (as adjusted after 2013 for increases in the cost of living pursuant to Section 401(a)(17) of the Code) provided, however , notwithstanding the foregoing with respect to any Participant employed by Maintenance Supply Headquarters, LP during the 2020 plan year, Compensation shall mean the total remuneration paid to any Employee, as reported on IRS Form W-2, without exclusions. 
 
 Except as expressly or by necessary implication amended hereby, the Plan shall continue in full force and effect. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Committee has caused this Amendment Number Thirteen to be executed by a duly authorized member on June 14, 2022. 
 
 LOWE S COMPANIES, INC. By s David R. Green 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-99.2>
 9
 exhibit992_02032023.htm
 FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT TO THE LOWE'S 401(K) PLAN

Document 

Exhibit 99.2 

AMENDMENT NUMBER FOURTEEN TO THE 
 LOWE S 401(k) PLAN 
 This Amendment Number Fourteen to the Lowe s 401(k) Plan, as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2013 (the Plan is adopted by Lowe s Companies, Inc. (the Company ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS , the Company maintains the Plan for the benefit of its eligible employees and the eligible employees of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, which have adopted and participate in the Plan and 
 WHEREAS , the Company desires to amend the Plan and align the Plan terms to the Plan s operations and 
 NOW, THEREFORE , the Company does hereby declare that the Plan be, and hereby is, amended as follows 
 1. The definition of Deferred Compensation in Section 2 is amended in its entirety effective as May 1, 2019 through April 30, 2022 to read as follows 
 The salary or wages, overtime premium pay, incentive bonuses and commissions paid to a Participant during a payroll period but excluding any amount in excess of 280,000 (as adjusted after 2019 for increases in the cost of living pursuant to Code Section 401(a)(17)). Deferral Compensation shall include compensation paid after a Participant separates from service but only to the extent such compensation would have been Deferral Compensation if paid prior to such separation from service and only if paid prior to the first pay period that begins 30 days after such separation from service. 
 
 2. Except as expressly or by necessary implication amended hereby, the Plan shall continue in full force and effect. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Committee has caused this Amendment Number Fourteen to be executed by a duly authorized member and effective on December 31, 2022. 
 
 LOWE S COMPANIES, INC. By s David R. Green 

</EX-99.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 low-20230203.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 low-20230203_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 low-20230203_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 low-20230203_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 low-20230203_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

