<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230130_10-K_edgar_data_1334325_0001493152-23-002840.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9430481</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>220244</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1292208</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4328388</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1413462</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1835208</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-002840.hdr.sgml : 20230130
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230130060551
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-002840
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230130
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230130

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Coda Octopus Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001334325
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEARCH, DETECTION, NAVIGATION, GUIDANCE, AERONAUTICAL SYS [3812]
		IRS NUMBER:				342008348
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38154
		FILM NUMBER:		23565106

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3300 S HIAWASSEE RD.,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 104-105
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32835
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-973-9136

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3300 S HIAWASSEE RD.,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 104-105
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32835

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-002840.txt : 20230130

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 Number) 

, , , , 

 (Address,
Including Zip Code of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Issuer s
telephone number) 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

 NONE 

Indicate
 by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
 by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
 the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
 such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
 reporting company. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Indicate
 by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

State
issuer s revenues for its most recent fiscal year: 22,225,803. 

State
 the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at
 which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of April 30, 2022 representing
 the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: approximately 

State
 the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: 
 as of January 19, 2023. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART
 I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 4 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 
 17 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 
 17 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 18 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 
 18 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 18 

PART
 II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 19 

ITEM
 6. 
 SELECTED
 FINANCIAL DATA 
 19 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 20 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 37 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 37 

ITEM
 9A 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 
 37 

ITEM
 9B 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 
 37 

PART
 III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 38 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 43 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 45 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 46 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 46 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 47 

SIGNATURES 
 48 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which we refer
to in this annual report as the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which we refer to
in this annual report as the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements are not statements of historical fact but rather reflect our current
expectations, estimates and predictions about future results and events. These statements may use words such as anticipate, 
 believe, estimate, expect, intend, predict, project 
and similar expressions as they relate to us or our management. When we make forward-looking statements, we are basing them on our management s
beliefs and assumptions, using information currently available to us. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties
and assumptions, including but not limited to, risks, uncertainties and assumptions discussed in this annual report. Factors that can
cause or contribute to these differences include those described under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

If
one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results
may vary materially from what we projected. Any forward-looking statement you read in this annual report reflects our current views with
respect to future events and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our operations, results of
operations, growth strategy and liquidity. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us, or individuals
acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. You should specifically consider the factors identified
in this annual report, which would cause actual results to differ before making an investment decision. We are under no duty to update
any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this annual report or to conform these statements to actual results. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

Coda
Octopus Group, Inc. Coda the Company or we ), through its wholly owned subsidiaries, operates
two distinct businesses: 

the
 Marine Technology Business (also referred to in this Form 10-K as Products Business , Products Operations 
 or Products Segment and 

the
 Marine Engineering Business (also referred to in this Form 10-K as Engineering Business , Engineering Operations ,
 or Services Segment ). 

Our
Marine Technology Business is a technology solution provider to the subsea and underwater market. It owns key proprietary technology
including real time volumetric imaging sonar technology and diving technology, both of which are applicable to the underwater defense
and commercial markets. All innovation, design, development and manufacturing of our technology and solutions are performed within the
Company. 

Our
imaging sonar technology products and solutions marketed under the name of Echoscope and Echoscope PIPE are
used primarily in the underwater construction market, offshore wind energy industry (offshore renewables), and offshore oil and gas,
complex underwater mapping, salvage operations, dredging, bridge inspection, navigation of underwater hazard, port security, mining,
fisheries, commercial and defense diving, and marine sciences sectors. Our diving technology marketed under the name
 CodaOctopus DAVD (Diver Augmented Vision Display) addresses the global defense and commercial diving
markets. It has the potential to radically change how diving operations are performed globally because it delivers real time
information simultaneously to the divers underwater and their surface-based dive supervisors. It also allows diving operations to be
performed in zero visibility water conditions which is a safety challenge for diving operations. 

The Marine Technology Business operates thorough our wholly owned subsidiaries Coda Octopus Products Ltd (UK), Coda Octopus Products A/S
(Denmark, Coda Octopus Products, Inc (Orlando) and Coda Octopus Products (India) Private Limited (India). 

Our
Marine Engineering Businesses are suppliers of embedded solutions and sub-assemblies which they design and manufacture and sell into
mission critical integrated defense systems such as the Close-In-Weapons System (CIWS). The Services Segment established its
business in 1977 and has been supporting a number of significant defense programs for over 40 years, including Raytheon s CIWS
and Northrop Grumman s Mine Hunting Systems Program. The Services Segment s business model entails designing
sub-assembly prototypes which are utilized in broader defense programs. These prototypes contracts typically lead to contracts for
the manufacture, repair and upgrade of these sub-assemblies. We are the sole source for the parts that we design and supply into
these programs. This business model ensures recurring and long tail revenues since we continue to supply these parts, typically for
the life of the program, which can span decades. Coda Octopus Colmek, Inc. and Coda Octopus Martech Ltd, qualify as a small
business. This opens opportunity under state requirements to collaborate with Prime Defense Contractors on these programs.
A significant part of the revenues generated by the Marine Engineering Business is usually highly concentrated and are derived
from a small number of prime defense contractors such as Raytheon or Northrop. In any one year, between 20 to 30 of our
consolidated revenues may be derived from these customers either alone or collectively. 

The
Services Segment operates through our wholly owned subsidiaries, Coda Octopus Colmek, Inc Colmek based in Salt Lake City,
Utah, and Coda Octopus Martech Limited Martech based in Dorset, United Kingdom. 

Cross-Group
Synergies 

Our
Marine Technology Business and Marine Engineering Services Business have established synergies in terms of customers and specialized
engineering skills for robust, rugged and repeated engineering solutions relating to data acquisition, data computation and display
of the data. Increasingly drawing on each part of the business strengths, the Marine Technology Business and Marine Engineering
Business work jointly on projects including responding jointly for tenders. We believe the Services Business is important to our
overall growth strategy as it brings significant engineering depth for the onward development of our technology solutions offered by
our Marine Technology Business. This also ensures more tight control over our intellectual property rights which are important for
our market position in the space in which we operate. 

Key
Pillars for our Growth Plans 

Our
volumetric real time imaging sonar technology and our Diver Augmented Vision Display DAVD are our most promising products
for the Group s near-term growth. 

4 

Our
real time 3D/4D/5D/6D Imaging sonars are the only underwater imaging sonars which are capable of providing complex seabed mapping
and real time inspection and monitoring and providing 3D/4D/5D/6D data of moving underwater objects irrespective of water
conditions including in zero visibility water conditions (which is a common and costly problem in underwater operations). Competing
technology can perform mapping (but not complex mapping) without the ability to perform real time inspection and monitoring of
moving objects underwater. We also believe our Echoscope PIPE is the only technology that can generate multiple real
time 3D/4D/5D/6D acoustic images using different acoustic parameters such as frequency, field of view, pulse length,
and filters. 

Our
customers include service providers to major oil and gas O G companies, renewable companies, underwater construction
companies, law enforcement agencies, navies, ports, mining companies, defense bodies, diving companies, research institutes and universities.
We are widely considered the leading solution providers for real time 3D visualization underwater. 

We
also believe that the DAVD system is poised to radically change the way commercial and defense diving operations are performed
globally by providing real time data to both diver and surface supervisor simultaneously, advancing the methods of communication,
ability to consume and use digital information and real time imaging sonar data, thereby improving safety and reducing the costs of
these operations. The DAVD HUD (Head Up Display) concept is protected by patent and is manufactured and distributed under License
from United States Department of the Navy at Naval Surface Warfare Center Panama City Division to the Company. 

The DAVD can be used in combination with any of our imaging sonars and
can also be used without our imaging sonars. Increasingly, opportunities which we identify are for combined use. 

Our
corporate structure is as follows: 

Corporate
History 

The
Company began as Coda Technologies Limited. This company now operates under the name Coda Octopus Products Limited, a United Kingdom
corporation formed in 1994 as a start-up company with its origins as a research group at Herriot-Watt University, Edinburgh, Scotland.
Initially, its operations consisted primarily of developing software for subsea mapping and visualization using sidescan sonar (a technology
widely used in commercial offshore geophysical survey and naval mine-hunting to detect objects on, and textures of, the surface of the
seabed). 

5 

In
June 2002, we acquired Octopus Marine Systems Ltd, a UK corporation, and changed our name to Coda Octopus Limited. At the time of its
acquisition, Octopus Marine Systems was producing geophysical products broadly similar to those of Coda, but targeted at the less sophisticated,
easy-to-use, work-horse market. The Octopus Marine Systems acquisition led to the introduction of the Motion product (F180 
 series) into the Products Segment. 

In
December 2002, Coda Octopus Ltd acquired OmniTech AS, a Norwegian company, which became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and
which subsequently changed its name to Coda Octopus R D AS. OmniTech owned the patents to a method for producing a 3-D Image 
(which has now expired). At the time of acquisition, this company had been engaged for over ten years in developing a revolutionary imaging
sonar technology capable of producing real time three-dimensional 3D underwater images for use in subsea activities.
Coda Octopus Products Limited (Edinburgh based) then developed the visualization software to control and display the images from the
real time 3D sonar device. This patented technology is now marketed by us under the brand name Echoscope 
and Echoscope PIPE . All activities of this now-defunct Norwegian subsidiary, Coda Octopus R D AS, have been transferred
to Coda Octopus Products Limited (Edinburgh). 

On
July 13, 2004, the Company effected a reverse merger pursuant to the terms of a share exchange agreement between The Panda Project, Inc. Panda ), a Florida corporation, and a now defunct entity affiliated with Coda Octopus Ltd. Coda Parent ).
Panda acquired the shares of Coda Octopus Limited, a UK corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Coda Parent, in consideration for
the issuance of a total of 1,432,143 shares of common stock to Coda Parent and other shareholders of Coda Octopus Limited. The shares
issued represented approximately 90.9 of the issued and outstanding shares of Panda. The share exchange was accounted for as a reverse
acquisition of Panda by Coda. Subsequently, Panda was reincorporated in Delaware and changed its name to Coda Octopus Group, Inc. 

In
June 2006, we acquired Coda Octopus Martech Limited which is part of our Services Segment or Marine Engineering Business. This is an
English corporation. 

In
April 2007, we acquired Coda Octopus Colmek, Inc. which is part of our Services Segment or Marine Engineering Business. This is a Utah
corporation. 

Both
Martech and Colmek largely have the same business model, provide similar engineering services and sell to a similar customer base (one
is UK focused and the other is US focused). 

In
December 2013 Coda Octopus Products Limited established Coda Octopus Products
Pty Ltd (Australia) to grow our presence in Australia and New Zealand. However, since 2020 we have not been able to do meaningful business
development due to the closure of Australian borders because of the Coronavirus Pandemic and, more recently, challenges in restoring our
activities effectively on the ground. 

In
2017 Coda Octopus Products Limited established a subsidiary Coda Octopus Products A/S in Denmark as part of the mitigation strategy relating
to the UK withdrawal from the European Union (See Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis ). 

In
November 2021 Coda Octopus Products Limited established a subsidiary Coda Octopus Products (India) Private Limited intended to gain access
to this market and to recruit critical resources for software development for our Company. 

Coda
Octopus Group, Inc., is organized under the laws of the State of Delaware as a holding company that conducts its business through subsidiaries,
several of which are organized under the laws of foreign jurisdictions, including England, Scotland, Denmark, Australia and recently
India. This may have an adverse impact on the ability of U.S. investors to enforce a judgment obtained in U.S. courts against these entities,
or to effect service of process on the officers and directors managing the foreign subsidiaries. These companies operations must
comply with the laws of the countries under which they are incorporated and are likely to be different from the equivalent laws of the
United States. 

6 

Marine
Technology Business Products Segment 

Our
Marine Technology Business develops proprietary solutions for both the commercial and defense subsea market. The range of our solutions
are complementary and include: 

Type
 of Systems 
 
 Description 
 
 Geophysical
 Systems 
 
 Comprising
 Hardware and Software; 
 
 GNSS-Aided
 Navigation Systems (Attitude and Positioning Systems) 
 
 Comprising
 Hardware and Software 
 
 Real
 Time Volumetric Imaging Sonar 
 
 Comprising
 Hardware and Software 
 
 Diver
 Augmented Vision Display System 
 
 Comprising
 Hardware and Software 

These
products are sold, leased or rented into various marine sectors and include: 

Marine
 geophysical survey 

Offshore
 Renewables Wind Energy 

Underwater
 construction, inspection and monitoring 

Diving
 Companies 

Commercial
 and Defense Diving 

Salvage
 and decommissioning 

Oil
 and Gas O G 

Commercial
 fisheries 

Environmental,
 mammal and habitat monitoring 

Underwater
 Defense Applications 

Marine
 vehicles and robotics 

Port
 and Harbor Security, law enforcement and first responders 

Research
 and education 

1.
 Geophysical Range of Products 

Our
geophysical systems GEO range of products include geophysical data acquisition systems, processing and analysis software
that are used primarily by survey companies, offshore renewable companies, research institutions, salvage companies. The Company s
GEO range of products are used in conjunction with sidescan sonars to survey large areas and create images of the seabed, identify seabed
boulders and objects, mark seabed type boundaries and identify existing subsurface structural features, geological layers, and/or buried
debris. The Company started its first innovation with this range of products and in fact was the first company to digitalize sidescan
sonar data. The Company s GEO range is a strong brand in the geophysical market space. 

2.
 GPS aided Inertial Positioning Systems 

These
are referred to as our MOTION range of products and offer high accuracy GPS aided inertial positioning and attitude data, essential for
all marine survey applications. The products are commonly bundled with our GEO and real time sonar solutions offering our customers a
seamless integration and support experience. 

3.
 Real Time Volumetric Imaging Sonars (ranging from 3D/4D, 5D and 6D) 

We
design, develop and supply what we believe is the world s most advanced series of real time volumetric imaging sonar. This is the
culmination of over 25 years of research and development. This technology is protected by multiple patents. Furthermore, we continue
to file patents relating to our new and revolutionary sonars, our 5-Dimensional (5D) and 6-Dimensional (6D) real time volumetric imaging
sonars (marketed under the name Echoscope PIPE (Parallel Intelligent Processing Engine). Our sonar innovations are multi-tiered
and extend to hardware, firmware and software, all of which co-exist and are co-dependent on each other. In other words, hardware, firmware
and software operate as sub-systems to each other. We believe that the highly complex nature of this new technology will make it extremely
difficult to reverse engineer our products. Pioneering this unique technology gives us a significant advantage over our competitors in
the subsea real time 3D imaging sonar market sectors. We also believe that our three-tier product development capability of hardware,
software and solution delivery adds to our competitive lead. 

We
believe that this technology is superior to the other imaging sonars in the market as it generates real time 3D, 4D, 5D and 6D images
of the underwater environment irrespective of low or zero visibility conditions and, unlike conventional sonars, can image a volume (as
opposed to a slice of data) and provide real time 3D inspection and monitoring capability underwater. The capability of our volumetric
imaging sonars covers a broad breadth of activities underwater particularly for any form of underwater construction, salvaging, placements,
decommissioning, obstacle avoidance and complex underwater mapping and real time 3D navigation in zero visibility conditions. 

7 

About
the Company s 5D and 6D Sonars Innovations 

5D
and 6D sonars are new to the subsea market and constitute an innovation by the Company. We have several
patent applications pending for these innovations. 

5D
Sonars (Echoscope PIPE 

The
advancement that the Company has made with its 5D Sonars is the ability to process and utilize much more of the data that is acquired
by our volumetric imaging sonars. In the previous generation of our sonars, due to the state of the art of processing generally, there
was an upper limit to the quantity of the acquired data that could be processed and displayed by the sonar system. This meant that in
the previous generation of sonars when a signal was emitted, it returned a single range and intensity value per beam. In the 5D Sonars
we return multiple range and intensity values (Full Time Series FTS )) per beam. This new capability provides more information
about the underwater environment. For example, it will give the user the ability to see multiple layers of soft target areas underwater
such as gas leaks and suspended sediment above the seabed all concurrently (not one or the other) or concurrent imagery of marine life,
sea growth on installations and the installations themselves. FTS will deliver all range values per beam as opposed to either the First
(First Above Threshold FAT or the strongest return (MAX) provided by the previous generation of Echoscope technology.
Our 5D capability is protected by a recently granted patent (US 10,718,865 which concerns a method of compressing beamforming
sonar data and US 10,816,652 which concerns a method of compressing sonar data) and 10,718,865 which concerns a method of compressing beamformed sonar data. 

6D
Sonars (Echoscope PIPE 

The
Company s 6D Sonars process and utilize much more of the data acquired by the sonar. 6D Sonars generate multiple real time 3D
Full Time Series Images. In the previous generation of sonars, we could image and display one 3D Image in real time. Our PIPE technology
generates multiple 3D Images simultaneously in real time using different sonar/acoustic parameters (such as frequency, range, field of
view, pulse length and other acoustic filters or shading). Our new technology enables one sensor to provide different 3D/4D/5D/6D data
sets (through multiple parallel processing capability) to different parts of the survey team operations in real time per their different
operational requirements (thus consolidating the sensors and the associated costs and effectiveness of the solution). 6D Sonars can also
record raw data that can be subject to PIPE Offline processing to generate unlimited data outputs. We are not aware of any sonars that
can offer either 5D or 6D Capability. 

In
summary, our previous generation of real time 3D sonar was capable of providing only single acoustic images of underwater objects in
real time 3D whereas the PIPE family of sonars is capable of providing multiple acoustic images of underwater objects in real time 3D/4D. 

Sonar
Hardware 

During
fiscal 2019, we completed critical innovation and advancement milestones around our core volumetric real time sonar technology. We have
now introduced the world s first 5D and 6D series of volumetric imaging sonar technology. This new series of sonars are marketed
under the brand name Echoscope PIPE (an acronym for Parallel Intelligent Processing Engine). We believe our 5D and 6D
series of sonars herald a significant leap forward in real time subsea imaging as this inventive capability allows a single sonar to
provide different parts of the survey operations with multiple real time data sets (as opposed to one 3D dataset) for each part of the
survey teams requirements. 

A summary of some of the differences between our standard Echoscope sonar series and our newly launched Echoscope PIPE series
of sonars are set out below: 

Description 
 
 Current
 Echoscope 
 
 PIPE 
 Sonars 
 
 Real
 Time Capability 
 
 Yes,
 4D Images 
 
 Yes,
 4D, 5D and 6D 
 
 Angular
 Cover Dual Frequency 
 
 50 o x50 o
 and 24 o x24 o 
 
 54 o x54 o
 - 47 o x47 o and 32 o x32 o - 28 o x28 o 
 
 Adaptive
 Frequency Capability 
 
 No 
 
 Yes 
 
 Ping
 Rate 
 
 Up
 to 20Hz 
 
 Up
 to 40Hz 
 
 Multiple
 Real Time 4D Images 
 
 No,
 one single Real Time Image 
 
 Capable
 of Multiple Real Time Images 
 
 Number
 of Data Points per Single Ping 
 
 Up
 to 16,386 
 
 Up
 to 40 million 
 
 Number
 of Beams and Values per Beam 
 
 128x128x1
 Value 
 
 Up
 to 180 x 180 with up to 2,500 values (depending on viewing range) 
 
 Multiple
 Sequential Configuration Files to capture data using different parameters 
 
 No
 Capability 
 
 Up
 to 10 Configuration sets for real time capture and display 
 
 Full
 Time Series Raw Data Capture 
 
 No
 Capability 
 
 Capture
 of Raw Data 
 
 Full
 Time Series Raw Data Offline Processing 
 
 No
 Capability 
 
 Capable
 of Raw Data Offline Processing 
 
 Multiple
 Parallel Beamformed Data Output 
 
 No
 Capability 
 
 Capable
 of Multiple Parallel Beamformed Data Outputs 
 
 Smart
 Ping Manager using Frequency, Field of View, Filtering in Real-Time 
 
 No
 Capability 
 
 Capable 
 
 Adaptative
 Real Time Beamforming 
 
 No
 Capability 
 
 Offers various methods of Beamforming the sonar data 

8 

We
believe that our Echoscope technology will shepherd in the new generation of underwater real time 3D imaging sonar
which will evolve into a real time information platform and gain market share through the increased adoption of real time 3D
volumetric imaging sonar technology. Current competing imaging technologies such as the single beam, multibeam and scanning sonars
are either 2D real time imaging sonars or 3D imaging sonars which are not capable of real time 3D imaging, that is to generate a 3D
image underwater of moving objects. The competing 3D technology, the multibeam, which is the current standard bearer in the market
is a sonar for mapping of the seabed. The Echoscope technology can not only map the seabed (and is superior to the
multibeam for complex mapping and inspection of complex underwater structures) but can image in real time 3D moving objects
underwater and therefore is the primary tool of choice for inspecting and monitoring in real time 3D all types of underwater
operations and is the only choice in poor visibility conditions. In addition, the Echoscope can also in many
instances enable the user to monitor underwater operations from a surface vessel and in this way replace Remotely Operated Vehicles
(ROVs) thus bringing considerable cost savings to our customers. 

Prior
to January 2018, we were selling our third generation (3G) sonar series. In January 2018 we launched the first product within our
fourth generation series of sonars 4G sonar series ). The 4G sonar series was an important development milestone for
the Company since it removed a number of barriers to market adoption. Since its introduction we have seen increased number of units
being sold or rented. Due to the form factor of our previous generation of 3G sonar series this limited the types of underwater
vehicles this generation of sonar could be integrated on (and therefore be used for) due to (i) size; (ii) weight and (iii) power
requirements form factor barriers ). With the launch of the 4G sonar series we have removed these form factor barriers
and can now integrate on the majority of underwater vehicles in the market including the new and fast emerging smaller underwater
vehicles such as autonomous surface vehicles (ASVs) and unmanned underwater vehicles (UUVs) which are propelling growth in the
underwater market, thus opening potentially new market opportunities for the Company s technology. 

The
4G sonar series developments were largely form factor driven as opposed to being based on performance and capability advancements.
In fiscal years 2019 and 2020 we continued to build on our 4G innovations with a focus on performance and capability advancements,
particularly on the beamforming and the data processing capability of our sonar series. In the previous generation of our sonars,
due to limitations in processing technology there were restrictions on how much of the captured Echoscope sonar data
could be processed by us. Our previous generations of sonars processed 16,384 pieces of data per sonar ping (compared to around 256
pieces of data per sonar ping for competing technology such as the multibeam). Under our new Echoscope PIPE sonar
series for each signal that is generated by the sonar we receive back up to 40 million pieces of information which we can now
process. In this context, we have two recent patents concerning a method of compressing beamforming sonar data and a method of
compressing sonar data. We believe that this allows us to deliver to the market the first 5-Dimensional (5D) sonar and 6-Dimensional
(6D) sonar capabilities and significantly builds on our 4G sonar series which radically changed the form factor and power
requirements which were previously barriers to increased adoption. The advantages offered by our 5D and 6D Sonar Series have been
discussed above under the heading (About the Company s 5D and 6D Sonars Innovations). We started selling Echoscope
PIPE in the market in March 2020. We are also seeing increased interest in Echoscope PIPE technology in the
market especially with OEM underwater vehicle manufacturers from the defense space. 

The
release of the Echoscope PIPE hardware, is a significant milestone. We are now focused on the value add to the
technology via firmware and software capability. The finalization of this development now gives the Company a real opportunity to
pursue its strategy to standardize this technology in the underwater imaging sonar market. We believe that in order to make the
subsea and underwater market more efficient, it is mandatory that the standard moves to a real time 3D information platform. Many
underwater operations are stalled due to poor visibility water conditions, preventing the remotely operated vehicles (ROVs) from
flying and also the lack of ability to utilize the sonar data immediately because it requires post processing, which represents a
significant challenge and costs. The subsea market is experiencing high structural and technology transitional changes including the
introduction of the new generation of smaller and lighter vessels (both surface and underwater). This creates a demand for new
sensors and solutions for real time 3D imaging. We believe that our lead in this area gives us a real opportunity to increase our
market share. 

Diver
Augmented Vision Display (DAVD) System 

Funded
by the Office of Naval Research ONR through its Future Naval Capabilities (FNC) program, and in close collaboration with
NAVSEA 00C3 and Naval Surface Warfare Center, Panama City Division NSWC PCD we have developed a diver see-through integrated
information display system (DAVD). 

DAVD
is a complete end-to-end diver management solution incorporating as a key element a high-resolution, fully transparent glass head-up
display (HUD) integrated directly inside the diving helmet (for hard hat surface air supply diving) or full-facemask (for tethered
and untethered defense, commercial and recreational diving applications). The DAVD HUD is currently deployed in the world leading
and most widely used Kirby Morgan range of dive helmets and is currently being released in the industry standard
Interspiro AGA , OTS Guardian and the Divator and Dr ger Panorama Nova Dive full-face masks. The DAVD HUD and system technology is not however limited to these products and
applications. 

9 

Problem
In Context 

Navy
and Commercial diving share common issues and challenges with location, visibility, communication, safety, accessing data and
information sharing. Divers work mainly in murky or disorientating water conditions and rely heavily on their sense of touch to
navigate and function. They work in the water column, around complex structure and on the cluttered sea bottoms which is neither
safe nor efficient. They, and the diver support team, require dark spatial awareness memory as they work, arms outstretched in deep,
dark, frigid waters to remember hazardous underwater debris, targets and terrain. Complexity of the task and this challenging
environment directly increases risk, stress, and inefficiency for the entire team. 

How
does DAVD Change this? 

The
DAVD system addresses all the challenges described above. The DAVD technology benefits not only the diver and direct supervisor on
the surface, but also engineers, end-clients, rescue workers and support personnel whom all have vested interest in a successful and
safe mission. DAVD provides the location of the diver, the dive support vessel, work site assets and any hazards that are known or
discovered in real-time. Real-time compass and depth are also displayed to the diver to reduce disorientation. Visibility for diver
and team is dramatically enhanced with both real-time camera and 3D sonar data (providing underwater night-vision) and also
high-resolution maps and models of the entire work site and surroundings. Communication is transformed from low quality audio speech
to high quality digital audio and video, text messaging, visual alerts and automated navigation guidance. The safety of the diver
and team is paramount. DAVD ensures the Diver and Supervisor are visually synchronized and can safely coordinate movement, tasks and
instructions with full health monitoring and logging of the entire mission. Data and information sharing traditionally ends when the
diver leaves the surface. DAVD provides a seamless and effective way to share any type of data, image, video, process or procedure
instantly in real-time through the DAVD fully transparent HUD display (equivalent of >100 HD TV in-front of the diver).
Data and information also flow up from the diver to the dive supervisor where the diver can look at an asset, make measurements or
recordings and the entire task is captured and documented on the DAVD system. 

The
concept of using a pair of transparent glasses in the HUD to render real time information for underwater applications is protected
by patent and Coda Octopus has an exclusive license from United States Department of the Navy at NSWC PCD to exploit this patent for
all underwater diving activities. The DAVD is a significant technology for both defense and commercial underwater diving
applications, and we believe that Coda Octopus has the opportunity to standardize this technology globally. The DAVD comprises both
hardware comprising the HUD, Diver Processing Pack (DPP) (which is a Thermite variant), Cables and Topside Control
Unit along with 4G USE DAVD Edition real time visualization software. All these development and products have been
designed and developed by the Company. 

The
DAVD is currently in early-stage adoption with the US Navy and enjoys the benefit of an Approved Navy Use (ANU) product. We have also
started marketing (through live demonstrations) this technology to friendly Navies globally and also to the commercial diving market.
We have significant interest from a number of reputable global commercial offshore service providers and are working with them for early
adoption of the technology and also a number of European friendly Navies including the UK Ministry of Defense (MOD). 

GEN
3 of the DAVD which opens the market further by extending support to Full Face Masks (FFM), has now been finalized. The DAVD solution is now compatible with most helmets and
face masks in the market. 

Sonar
Software 

Our
software development capability is an important part of our strategy to maintain our lead in designing, manufacturing, and selling state-of-the-art
real time volumetric imaging sonars and our DAVD System. 

Our
existing third generation (3G) Underwater Survey Explorer software used in conjunction with our real time volumetric sonars, is a product
which we have been developing for over 15 years. Because of technological advancements, including access to off the shelf components
for more advanced processing of data (speed and size being factors), in 2016, the Company started the process of re-conceiving and developing
its new generation of top-end software for our now much more advanced sonars. We have now launched our fourth-generation multi-sensor
software platform which is marketed under the name 4G USE . We have also filed several provisional patents
around our 4G USE which is a multi-sensor platform allowing users to bring in and utilize a variety of sensor data including
sonar, positioning, camera, lidar, video processing and other sources of point cloud data and seamlessly merging above and below the
water data captured from the sonar and camera. It is also the platform for our DAVD software, and this is marketed under the brand 4G
USE DAVD Edition. 

10 

Geophysical
Products and Solutions 

The
Geophysical range of products are important for both Offshore Renewables and O G. We therefore believe that with the expansion of
the markets into Offshore Renewables, we will see an increase in the take up of this product suite, particularly in the global rental
market. Our GeoSurvey and DA4G ranges are strong brands in these markets. 

We
started our business in 1994 designing and developing the GeoSurvey software and hardware package for acquisition and
processing of sidescan sonar and sub-bottom profiler data. For over two decades, our GeoSurvey has been an industry leading software
package in the market for data acquisition and interpretation and provides feature rich solutions and productivity enhancing tools for
the most exacting survey requirements. Designed specifically for sidescan and sub-bottom data acquisition, GeoSurvey has been purchased
by numerous leading survey companies throughout the world. 

The
Products Business generates around 2 of its revenues from this range of products. With the launch of the new products based on Artificial
Intelligence technology for which we believe there is increased demand we would anticipate our revenues from this product line to increase
over time. 

Geophysical
Hardware 

These
consist of a range of hardware solutions for field acquisition of sidescan sonar and sub-bottom profiler, which includes analog and digital
interfaces compatible with all geophysical survey systems. 

In
2018, we introduced our DA4G-USB product. This allows customers to integrate the DA4G hardware into their own PC configuration. Based
on the CodaOctopus DA4G system, it offers the same functionality, robustness and ease of use. CodaOctopus DA4G
is the fourth generation of our successful DA series and is built on twenty years of knowledge, experience and innovation in supplying
unparalleled products and service to the worldwide geophysical survey sector. These purpose-built, turn-key, systems incorporate the
very latest hardware specifications and are designed and delivered to meet the demanding nature of offshore survey work. 

The
CodaOctopus DA4G range consists of a number of options and is backed (like all our products) with global service and
support. 

This
consists of an integrated suite of software that automates the tasks of analyzing, annotating and mosaicking complex data sets, thus
ensuring faster and more precise results. 

Geophysical
Software 

Our
GeoSurvey software is supplied to complement our DA4G hardware, offering field acquisition of sidescan sonar and sub-bottom
profiler data. 

Our
Survey Engine software product offers a more advanced post-processing solution for sidescan sonar and sub-bottom profiler
data. Designed to streamline processing of very large data sets many 100GBs it offers comprehensive processing, interpretation,
visualization, reporting and exporting functionality. 

We
continue to advance this range of products and in 2018 we launched our first product based on Artificial Intelligence techniques which
allows us to automatically identify boulders on the seabed SEADP Survey Engine Automatic Object Detection .
This new product presents a real opportunity to radically change workflow process for post-processing and analyzing side scan sonar data
to assess, among other things, the suitability of an area for exploration and construction activities (O G installations, pipeline
and cable laying activities). This is in its early stage of roll out and has sparked significant interest. This is an area where we are
investing our research and development efforts. We are also seeing good results from SEADP and some good quality early adopters of this
new technology in the market. 

11 

Inertial
Positioning and Attitude Measurement Systems Motion Products 

Our
Motion Products are Global Navigational Satellite System (referred to in the industry as GNSS Aided Inertial Measurement
Units) provide measurement data on the position and attitude of a vessel. This device provides real-time data on these measurements which
are applied to compensate for vessel movement in order to align sonar data and remove motion blur. 

We
have had our F180 series in the market for over 15 years and due to advancement of technology and the increasing demand
for more precise GNSS Aided instruments, we have now developed our new generation of Motion Products, our F280 Series . 

New
Generation of Motion Products 

We
have now completed the ground up development of our new generation of Motion Products F280 Series for accurate position,
heading, pitch, roll and yaw at sea. The new F280 Series is based on more advanced technology and is more accurate than
our F180 series. The new technology is much more scalable towards future development of new product variants. The F280
Series is highly complementary to our real time volumetric sonar series and they are packaged together to provide a more
comprehensive solution to our customers. The F280 is sold with and without our sonar series. 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
market our products primarily through our internal sales team, website, industry events such as trade shows, webinars, industry
relationships and agents in foreign countries such as Japan, China and Korea. In addition, we have a network of non-exclusive
independent global sales agents. In 2023, a significant part of our business plan budget is allocated to business development, sales
and marketing which will include recruiting new staff for more direct sales and business development. 

Coda
Octopus Products Limited has the requisite accreditations for its business including being Lloyds Register accredited to ISO 9001:2015
and Cyber Essentials certification. 

12 

Marine
Engineering Businesses Services Segment 

Our
Marine Engineering Businesses comprise Coda Octopus Colmek, Inc. based in Salt Lake City and Coda Octopus Martech Limited based in the
United Kingdom. 

These
two operating entities supply engineered sub-assembly solutions which form part of mission critical integrated defense systems, test
equipment, instrumentation, and the like. They operate as sub-contractors to prime defense contractors, and their engineering
solutions are typically designed for integration into broader defense programs where high levels of reliability and quality are
essential pre-requisites for securing and maintaining these agreements with their customers. Typically, we prototype subassemblies for
these customers and after going through various acceptance tests, including first article inspection approvals, we are given the
manufacturing contracts. Many of these manufacturing contracts have a repeat orders profile which typically follows the life cycle of
the defense program that is using the production part. 

These
arrangements often give us long term preferred/sole supplier status for the parts we supply, technology refresh and obsolescence management
business opportunities with these customers and we generally use these long-standing relationships to win more contracts with these customers. 

In order to grow, the Marine Engineering Business relies on increasing the number of new programs it attracts annually. 

In
addition, we are increasingly combining our engineering capabilities with our product offerings. This enables us to offer systems which
are complete with installation and support to maximize the utilization of our collective expertise to advance our real time volumetric
sonar technology. 

Coda
Octopus Martech Limited Martech 

Martech, which is UK-based,
operates in the specialized niche of bespoke design and manufacturing services mainly to the United Kingdom defense and subsea industries.
Its services are provided on a custom sub-contract basis where high quality and high integrity devices are required in small quantities. 

The
Company enjoys pre-approvals to allow it to be short-listed for certain types of government contracts. Much of the more significant business
secured by Martech is through the formal government or government contractor tendering process. 

13 

Coda
Octopus Colmek, Inc. Colmek 

Colmek,
which is USA-based, are suppliers of embedded solutions and sub-assemblies which they design and manufacture and sell into mission
critical integrated defense systems such as the Close-In-Weapons System (CIWS). This business was established 1977 and has been
supporting several significant US defense programs for over 40 years, including Raytheon s CIWS and Northrop Grumman s
Mine Hunting Systems Program (AQS-24). Colmek s business model entails designing sub-assembly prototypes for defense programs
which typically lead to contracts for the manufacture, repair and upgrade of these sub-assemblies. We are the sole source for the
parts that we supply into these programs. This business model ensures recurring and long tail revenues since we continue to supply
parts, typically for the life of the program, which can span decades. 

Competition 

In
our Marine Technology Business (Products Business), we are exposed to the following competitive challenges: 

Data
Acquisition Products (GEO Products) 

The
industry for data acquisition and processing systems for sidescan and sub-bottom profiler data is fragmented with several companies occupying
niche areas, and we face competition from different companies with respect to our different products. 

In
the field of geophysical products, Triton Imaging Inc., a US-based company, now part of the ECA Group (Toulon, France), Chesapeake, a
US-based company, and Oceanic Imaging Consultants, Hawaii, USA, dominate the market with an estimated 25 each of world sales, while
we believe that we control approximately 5 of world-wide sales. 

14 

GNSS
Aided Inertial Positioning and Attitude Measurement Systems Motion Products 

In
the field of GNSS-aided inertial positioning and attitude sensing equipment, where our product addresses a small segment of the overall
market, we believe that we have four principal competitors: Teledyne Marine (part of US based Teledyne Technologies Inc.) which is focused
on the mid-performance segments with an estimated 25 of the market; iXblue, a French company which covers all segments, with an estimated
20 of the market; Kongsberg Seatex AS, a Norwegian company (part of Kongsberg Gruppen) which has products across all segments, with
an estimated 15 of the market; and Applanix, a Canadian company (part of Trimble) which has one major product focused on the high end
of the market, with an estimated 20 of the market. We believe that our market share in this market segment of motion sensing equipment
is about 5 . This market is fiercely competitive and with the advancement of technology coupled with the development of autonomous land
and marine platforms there are additional vendors in the market such as SBG Systems S.A.S (a French based manufacturer of motion sensors).
We sell our MOTION range as part of our equipment suite to complement our 3D sonar range as well as supplying it individually. The development
and introduction of our F280 Series of GNSS Aided Inertial Positioning and Attitude Measurement System 
constitutes our new generation of Motion Products and gives us the opportunity to increase our market share. 

Real
Time 3D/4D/5D and 6D Volumetric Sonar 

In
the field of Real Time 3D/4D/5D imaging, we are unaware of other companies offering a similar product. In this context it is important
to understand some of the capabilities we bring to this field include: 

- 
 Acoustic
 Projector/Transmitter design, manufacturing, and testing 

- 
 Acoustic
 Receiver Array design, manufacturing, and testing 

- 
 Acoustic
 encapsulation and sensitivity measurement 

- 
 Acoustic
 Projector/Transmitter beam pattern and sensitivity measurement 

- 
 Pressure
 housing Design and Manufacture (sonar systems) 

- 
 3D/5D/6D
 Real-Time digital beamforming (on-device) 

- 
 1D
 and 2D Digital Beamforming 

- 
 Broadband
 Beamforming 

- 
 Signal
 Processing 

- 
 Active
 High Frequency Sonar Systems 

- 
 Passive
 Mid Frequency Sonar Systems 

- 
 Data
 acquisition and recording hardware and software 

- 
 Real-time
 2D and 3D sonar visualization rendering and processing software 

The
entry into this market is dependent upon specialized marine electronics, acoustic and software development skills. The learning curve,
which has resulted in the advancement of our real time 3D sonar device, is the culmination of two decades of research and development
into this field. Companies such as Kongsberg Gruppen, R2Sonic, LLC, Tritech International Ltd., United Kingdom, BlueView Technologies
Inc., USA (now a part of Teledyne Technologies Incorporated), and Norbit Group AS Norway are examples, but none of these sonar offerings
are directly comparable or competitors to our real time volumetric 3D/4D/5D and 6D sonar solutions as their scanning sonar, single beam
or multibeam sonars are not real time 3D imaging sonars and therefore cannot image moving targets underwater. Specifically, we believe
that they do not have the same capabilities as our Echoscope technology in terms of real time inspection and monitoring
by generating 3D, 4D, 5D and 6D images of moving objects underwater including in environments in low or zero visibility conditions. Nor
do they have the ability to use a single sonar for multiple real time 3D/4D images simultaneously. Notwithstanding it should be noted
that Teledyne has acquired a significant number of substantial subsea companies (examples are Reson and BlueView). Teledyne has much
greater resources, liquidity and market reach than our Company and has many operating verticals. We therefore can give no assurance that
companies such as these will not enter this market. Furthermore, companies such as Kongsberg Gruppen and Teledyne can expend significantly
more in any one fiscal year on R D and Business Development, key pillars for increasing market share of underwater imaging sonars,
than Coda Octopus. Notwithstanding, we believe that our recent development and introduction of 5D/6D - Echoscope PIPE sonar capability in conjunction with our software (4G USE a multi-sensor platform) further distinguishes our volumetric
sonars and significantly extends our lead over competitors in the subsea imaging market. We are not aware of any other imaging sonars
in the market capable of generating real time 5D and 6D imagery underwater, which are Coda Octopus inventions. The innovations around
Echoscope PIPE are the subject of numerous patent applications. 

We
seek to compete on the basis of producing high quality products employing cutting edge technology that is easy to use by operators without
specialized skills in sonar technology. We intend to continue our research and development activities to continually improve our products,
seek new applications for our existing products, develop new innovative products and grow the market for our products and expertise. 

In
our Services Segment, we are exposed to the following competitive challenges: 

Marine
Engineering Businesses 

Through
our marine engineering operations, Coda Octopus Colmek, Inc. and Coda Octopus Martech Limited, we are involved in custom engineering
for the defense industry in the United States and in the United Kingdom. Martech and Colmek compete with larger contractors in the defense
industry. Typical among these are Ultra Electronics, BAE Systems, and Thales, all of whom are also partners on various projects. In addition,
the strongest competitors are often the clients themselves. Because of their size, they often have the option to proceed with a project
under their Prime Defense Contract in-house instead of outsourcing to a sub-contractor like Martech or Colmek. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
product portfolio and technologies are protected by intellectual property rights including trademarks, copyrights and patents. In the
last 3 years we have advanced our existing sonar technology and have filed a number of significant patents applications pertaining to
these inventions including covering our newly innovated 5D and 6D sonars. Furthermore, we have recently been awarded a patent which concerns
a method of predicting and adjusting the laying of cable using sonar imaging. This is a significant patent for Offshore Renewables Market
(Wind Energy), which is a rapidly increasing market sector and an important one for our growth. Our Echoscope and Echoscope
PIPE technology is used for real time monitoring of cable installations for offshore wind projects. This Method which
we have patented is used in conjunction with our Echoscope and automates the tracking of the cable (thus removing the need for an Echoscope 
 operator who previously would be manually clicking on the cable touchdown point). This method covered by our recently awarded patent
also projects the cable touchdown point. 

Patents 

Our
patented inventions along with our strategy to enhance these inventions are at the heart of the Company s strategy for growth and
development. We expend a material part of our cash resources in building our Patent Portfolio. In the 2022 Financial Year we added two
new patents to our portfolio. We also incentivize our staff by having in place a Patent Reward Scheme. 

15 

Our
patent portfolio consists of the following: 

Patent
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Expiration
 Date 
 
 US
 7,466,628 
 
 Concerns
 a method of constructing mathematical representations of objects from reflected sonar signals 
 
 January
 1, 2027 
 
 US
 7,489,592 
 
 Concerns
 a method of automatically performing a patch test for a sonar system, where data from a plurality of overlapping three-dimensional
 (3D) sonar scans of a surface, as the platform is moved, are used to compensate for biases in mounting the sonar system on the platform 
 
 March
 5, 2027 
 
 US
 7,898,902 
 
 Concerns
 a method of representation of sonar images allowing 3D sonar data to be represented by a two-dimensional image 
 
 June
 13, 2028 
 
 US
 8,059,486 
 
 Concerns
 a method of rendering volume representation of sonar images. 
 
 April
 16, 2028 
 
 Japan
 5565964 
 
 Concerns
 a method for drilling/levelling by an underwater drilling/levelling construction device 
 
 January
 13, 2031 
 
 Japan
 5565957 
 
 Concerns
 a method of construction management for a 3D sonar device 
 
 October
 13, 2030 
 
 US
 8,854,920 
 
 Concerns
 a method of volumetric rendering of 3D sonar data sets 
 
 June
 22, 2033 
 
 US
 9,019,795 
 
 Concerns
 a method of object tracking using sonar imaging through point matching between 3D data sets 
 
 November
 30, 2033 
 
 US
 10,088,566 
 
 Concerns
 a method of object tracking using sonar imaging using a bounding sphere for object tracking 
 
 November
 25, 2036 
 
 US
 10,718,865 
 
 Concerns
 a method of compressing beamformed sonar data 
 
 March
 1, 2039 
 
 US
 10,816,652 
 
 Concerns
 a method of compressing sonar data 
 
 October
 28, 2038 
 
 US
 11,061,136 
 
 Concerns
 a method of tracking unknown possible objects with sonar 
 
 March
 28, 2039 
 
 US
 11,204,108 
 
 Concerns
 a method of predicting and adjusting the laying of cable using sonar imaging. 
 
 March
 22, 2039 
 
 US
 11,448,755 
 
 Concerns
 a method of correcting beamformed data through split aperture beamforming 
 
 June
 3, 2041 
 
 US15/953423 

Concerns
 a method of pseudo random frequency sonar ping generation for the purposes of data and hardware cost reduction 

Provisional Allowance Received 
 
 JP2019-34056 
 
 Concerns a method of compressing sonar data 
 
 Provisional Allowance Received 

This is a significant patent as it covers our new innovation relating to our 5D Real Time Imaging Sonar (a real time sonar providing
full time series 3D data) See above where we discuss more about 5D Sonars under section About the Company s
5D and 6D Sonars Innovations . 

This is a significant patent for Offshore Renewables Market. Our Echoscope technology is used for real time monitoring
of cable installations for offshore wind projects. This Method, which we have patented, is used in conjunction with our Echoscope technology and automates
the tracking of the cable (thus removing the need for an Echoscope operator who previously would be manually clicking
on the cable touchdown point). This method also projects the cable touchdown point. 

These will be granted once we have paid the necessary fees and completed certain applications. 

Trademarks 

We
own the registered trademarks listed below and they are used in conjunction with the products that we market and sell: 

Coda ,
Octopus , CodaOctopus , CodaOctopus Design , Octopus Design ,
F180 , F280 , F280 Series , Echoscope , Echoscope 4G , Echoscope
5D , 5D Echoscope , Echoscope 6D , 6D Echoscope , Echoscope PIPE 
 Ping-Pong Echoscope Sonar , Ping-Pong Echoscope , Ping-Pong Sonar , 4G Underwater
Survey Explorer , 4G USE , Echoscope Sequencer , Survey Engine , Dimension ,
DAseries , GeoSurvey CodaOctopus Air, CodaOctopus Vantage; CodaOctopus 
 UIS; CodaOctopus USE, Sentiris and Thermite . 

In
addition, we have registered several internet domain names including www.codaoctopus.com; www.codaoctopusgroup.com; www.colmek.com and
www.martechsystems.co.uk. 

Research
and Development R D 

Research
and Development is foundational to our business strategy to ensure our growth strategy and maintain our competitiveness. During the fiscal
years ended 2022 and 2021, we spent 2,237,920 and 2,982,676, respectively, on R D, representing a 25.0 reduction. With the crystallization of several significant hardware development projects by the Company, research
and development has fallen. 

Our
products are complex and therefore we can give no assurance that even with spending a significant part of our resources on R D, we
will be successful in our development goals or realized significant monetization of these developments. Furthermore, even following launch
of any product we may not succeed. Moreover, we may incur significant research and development expenditures without realizing viable
products. 

16 

Government
Regulation 

Because
of the nature of some of our products, they may be subject to export control regimes including in the United States, United Kingdom,
Denmark and Australia where we conduct business operations. Where our products are subject to such export control requirements, they
may only be exported to our customers if there is a valid export license granted by the relevant government body. Moreover, these regulations
may change from time to time in these jurisdictions, including the United States, depending on the existing relationship with the country
to which the goods are exported. See Item 7 (Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation)
for further discussion on this topic. 

We
are also required to maintain certain accreditations such as ISO 900 accreditation, cyber security certifications including Cyber Essentials
and NIST, approvals to hold government items or materials and/or certain personnel or facility clearances. 

In
addition, as a provider for the US Government, we may be subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the award, administration,
Defense Federal Acquisition Regulations DFARs and performance of US Government contracts, including the False Claims
Act. Non-compliance found by any one agency could result in fines, penalties, debarment, or suspension from receiving additional contracts
with all US Government agencies. Given our dependence on US Government business, suspension or debarment could have a material adverse
effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, the costs of complying with some of the regulations including DFARS may be prohibitive. 

Employees 

As
of the date hereof, we employ approximately 83 employees worldwide, of which 12 hold management positions. A large majority of our employees
have a background in science, technology and engineering, with a substantial part being educated to degree and PhD level. None of our
employees are employed under a collective agreement and we have not experienced any organized labor difficulties in the past. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

17 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Orlando,
Florida 

Our
corporate offices are co-located with our subsidiary Coda Octopus Products, Inc. in Orlando. We own these business premises comprising
3,000 square feet that includes office space and R D facilities. 

Salt
Lake City, Utah, USA 

Coda
Octopus Colmek operates from its premises which comprises 16,000 square feet and includes manufacturing, R D Facilities and office
space. These premises are owned by Coda Octopus Colmek. 

Edinburgh,
Scotland, UK 

Coda
Octopus Products Limited (Edinburgh based) operates from its premises comprising 12,070 square feet of internal space and includes manufacturing,
R D Facilities and office space. These premises are owned by Coda Octopus Products Limited. 

Copenhagen,
Denmark 

As
a mitigation strategy in relation to the UK leaving the European Union membership, thus limiting trade relations with EU member states,
we have established a Danish subsidiary, Coda Octopus Products A/S and leased business premises in Copenhagen, Denmark. The lease is
a fixed term lease for the period September 1, 2019 to September 1, 2023 and continues unless 6 months notice is given in advance. 

Annual
rent is DKK 142,893 plus Value Added Tax (being an equivalent of 20,472) per annum) with an annual increase of 3 . 

Portland,
Dorset, UK 

Martech
uses premises owned by Coda Octopus Products Limited. These premises are located in the Marine Center in Portland, Dorset, United Kingdom,
and comprise 9,890 square feet. The building comprises both office space and manufacturing and testing facilities. Martech is paying
Coda Octopus Products Limited rent amounting to the equivalent of 53,803 per annum. 

All
non-US Dollar denominated rents are stated according to prevailing exchange rates as of the date of each respective lease agreement. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm our business. We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings that we believe will have, individually or in the aggregate,
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
Applicable. 

18 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
common stock has been traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol CODA since July 19, 2017. Prior thereto, it
had been quoted on the OTCQX since February 8, 2017, under the symbol COGI, and prior thereto, on the OTC Pink Sheets under the symbol
CDOC. The following table sets forth the range of high and low bid prices of our common stock as reported and summarized on the Nasdaq,
for the periods indicated. These prices are based on inter-dealer bid and asked prices, without markup, markdown, commissions, or adjustments
and may not represent actual transactions. 

Year Ended
 October 31, 2022 
 HIGH 
 LOW 
 
 First Quarter 
 8.95 
 6.49 
 
 Second Quarter 
 7.37 
 5.60 
 
 Third Quarter 
 5.75 
 4.77 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 6.44 
 4.85 

Year Ended
 October 31, 2021 
 HIGH 
 LOW 
 
 First Quarter 
 6.67 
 5.21 
 
 Second Quarter 
 9.50 
 6.95 
 
 Third Quarter 
 9.90 
 7.70 
 
 Fourth
 Quarter 
 9.50 
 8.31 

We
have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock, and we currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance
the expansion of our business, and we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The decision whether to pay
cash dividends on our common stock will be made by our board of directors, in their discretion, and will depend on our financial condition,
operating results, capital requirements and other factors that the board of directors considers significant. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
applicable. 

19 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

The
information herein contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact made herein are forward
looking. In particular, the statements herein regarding industry prospects and future results of operations or financial position are
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as believes, estimates, 
 could, possibly, probably, anticipates, projects, expects, 
 may, will, or should or other variations or similar words. No assurances can be given that
the future results anticipated by the forward-looking statements will be achieved. Forward-looking statements reflect management s
current expectations and are inherently uncertain. Our actual results may differ significantly from management s expectations. 

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, included herewith. This discussion should
not be construed to imply that the results discussed herein will necessarily continue into the future, or that any conclusion reached
herein will necessarily be indicative of actual operating results in the future. Such discussion represents only the best present assessment
of our management. 

General
Overview 

We
operate two distinct business operations. These are: 

the
 Marine Technology Business (also referred to in this Form 10-K as Products Business , Products Operations 
 or Products Segment and 

the
 Marine Engineering Business (also referred to in this Form 10-K as Engineering Business , Engineering Operations ,
 or Services Segment ). 

Our
Marine Technology Business is a technology solution provider to the subsea and underwater market. It has a long-established pedigree
in this market, and it innovates, designs, develops and manufactures proprietary solutions for this market (both for commercial and defense
applications) including our range of flagship volumetric real time sonar solutions and our diving technology. 

These
solutions and products are used primarily in the underwater construction market, offshore oil and gas, offshore wind energy industry,
and in the complex dredging, port security, mining and marine sciences sectors. Our customers include service providers to major offshore
renewable companies, oil and gas O G companies, law enforcement agencies, ports, mining companies, underwater vehicle
manufacturers, Prime Defense Contractors as OEM integrators, defense bodies, fisheries and research institutes. 

Our
Marine Engineering Business is a supplier of engineering services and embedded solutions (such as mission computers) to prime defense
contractors such as Raytheon, Northrop Grumman, Thales Underwater, Atlas Electronik UK and Babcock International Group. Generally, the
items supplied into the defense market are sub-systems in broader mission critical integrated systems and thus requires a high level
of reliability, consistency in standards and robustness. 

We
have long-standing relationships with prime defense contractors, and we use these credentials to secure more business. We support some
significant defense programs by supplying and maintaining proprietary parts (or parts for which we are preferred suppliers) through obsolescence
management programs. These services provide recurring stream of revenues for our Services segment. 

20 

Both
the Marine Technology Business and Marine Engineering Business have established synergies in terms of customers and specialized engineering
skill sets (hardware, firmware and software) encompassing capturing, computing, processing and displaying data in harsh environments. 

Factors
Affecting our Business 

Our
business is affected by a number of factors including those set out below: 

A. 
 United
 Kingdom s withdrawal from the European Union Brexit 

The
UK was a member of the European Union member states for close to 50 years. This membership enabled the freedom of movement of goods,
persons, capital and services between member states. Following a referendum in 2016 the country voted to leave the EU. The UK
withdrew from its membership of the EU on December 31, 2020. This withdrawal removed all rights which the UK previously enjoyed as a
member. 

As
part of the withdrawal, the UK Government and EU reached an agreement on December 30, 2020, on trade in certain areas. 

The
change in the UK EU membership status adversely impacts our business in several important areas: 

Our
 shipments into the European Union are subject to customs process. This results in increased costs and time for the processing of
 shipments. This operates as a deterrent for EU customers to work with us. We endeavor to mitigate this by shipping to our subsidiary
 in Denmark which ships to our customer. This means increased costs which we are unable to recover and significant delays which may
 risks the project. 

Our
 technology requires training to support its effective implementation. Typically for sales and rentals we would mobilize our engineers
 to train and assist these customers in set up of the equipment. Under the new trade agreement, we will need to obtain the necessary
 work permits from the EU member state to which we intend to send our engineer. This will be time consuming and costly and the rules
 for granting such permit will vary from member state to member state. Furthermore, we have no precedent to know if these permits
 will be granted. 

EU
 Member State customers are reluctant to engage UK companies, due to the hassle factor associated
 with importing into the EU. This risks reduction in our opportunities emanating from the
 EU countries. 

We are not able to recruit from EU Member states without
 getting work permits. As a result, we are subject to skills shortages and significant increase in the costs of salaries as many
 technology companies are competing for the same skills. The UK is generally facing a critical skills shortage, resulting in shortage of skills in key areas such as engineering and software development. 

The
Company established Coda Octopus Products A/S, in Denmark to maintain a presence in the European Union and to address some
of the foreseeable issues. This subsidiary is crucial for our continued relationship with EU customers. 

21 

B. 
 Currency
 Risks: 

The
Company s operations are split between the United States, United Kingdom, Denmark, India and Australia. A large proportion of
our consolidated revenues (53.9 in the 2022 FY) are generated outside of the United States by our foreign subsidiaries in the
United Kingdom UK and Denmark. In addition, a significant part of our assets and liabilities (both current and
fixed) is held in British Pounds and Danish Kroner by these foreign subsidiaries. Foreign Currency Translations as they pertain to
our assets and liabilities are translated at the prevailing exchange rate at the balance sheet date and related revenue and expenses
are translated at weighted average exchange rates in effect during the period (see paragraph n (Foreign Currency Translation) of
Note 2 Summary of Accounting Policies of our audited Consolidated Financial Statements as of October 31, 2022). Significant
currency fluctuations (particularly the British Pound and/or the Danish Kroner, Euros, versus the US Dollar) may affect our
financial results and the value of our assets. We are therefore subject to currency fluctuation risks. In the
Current 2022 FY, due to the sharp depreciation of the Pound, Danish Kroner and Euros against the USD, our revenues were impacted by
 1,192,833 when applying the same exchange rate in the 2021 FY. 

C. 
 Inflation 

Inflation measured as the Consumer
Price Index is significant in the countries in which we operate. In the twelve months
to October 31, 2022, these were: 

- 
 Denmark 10.1 - source: Statistics Denmark, 

- 
 UK 11.1 
 - source: Office of National Statistics (ONS); and 

- 
 USA 7.7 - source: U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. 

In
the 2022 FY the impact of Inflation has not been material since we were holding significant inventory and also had our salaries and professional
fees in place at the beginning of the 2022 FY. However, we believe global inflation will pose a significant risk to our business in the
2023 FY. Inflation affects our business in several areas and therefore our overall financial results. For further discussions on Inflation
see the relevant section of Item 7 MD A which concerns Inflation and Foreign Currency . 

D. 
 Political
 Landscape/Exporting to China 

We
sell our products globally and increasingly to Asia. The recent change
in both the US and UK Governments attitude (and to a lesser extent the European Union member states) towards trade with China,
directly affects the sale of our products to customers based in China. Our real time 3D sonars which are depth rated above 300 meters
along with our inertial navigation and attitude measurement sensors (F280 series) are subject to export control for certain
countries, including China and therefore requires an export license. We also are not allowed to promote our DAVD technology in China. 

On
December 22, 2020 the US Government Department of Commerce (Bureau of Industry and Security, Commerce) amended the Export Administration
Regulations (EAR) to add seventy-seven (77) Chinese entities determined .to be acting contrary to the national security
or foreign policy interests of the United States . The amended EAR in general states that there is a presumption of denial 
of grant of export licenses to these entities and their affiliates. In a new pronouncement dated November 4, 2021, the US Government
has expanded the list significantly which is an indication that the US Government policy and disposition towards China is hardening and
companies in the technology space will increasingly find it difficult to sell to China due to government restrictions. 

The
UK Government is generally in lock step with the US Government s position and has refused to grant export licenses for several
of the Company s applications for end users in China for the first time in 25 years of our dealing with the UK Export Control Organization.
The curtailment of access to this market due to refusal to issue export licenses is likely to significantly impact our revenues from
Asia. 

Furthermore,
even though our sonars which are depth rated at 250m or less do not require export licenses for China, and our other products such as
our geophysical products and Pan Tilt devices, the UK Customs are now indiscriminately seizing all our shipments which are consigned
for China. 

In
2022 FY we realized much less in sales to China, and we believe this is a result of the political environment. 

The
removal of China as a trading partner is likely to have significant negative impact on our revenues and growth strategy. China has one
of the largest planned investment programs for offshore renewables, the market for which most of our technology is used for in China.
After significant business development in China, we had started to see persistent and credible growth for our products in this market.
Unless there is a change in this policy, we are likely to see a decline in growth and sales into the Chinese Market. 

22 

E. 
 Supply
 Chain and Supply Chain Disruption 

We
rely on the availability of raw materials including electronic assemblies and semiconductor to manufacture our products and solutions
and offer our engineering services. 

Due
to the exceptionally high demand in the semi-conductor market with limited supplies available, we are experiencing extreme lead
times for components which are necessary for the manufacture and service of our products and providing engineering design services
by our Engineering Business. We are also seeing significant price increases for these and other routine components. Both the
extended lead time, in some instances 99 weeks lead time is being quoted by suppliers, and the price increase may affect our ability
to meet customer requirements and make the prices of our products or engineering service uncompetitive. The Products Business may
reasonably endeavor to reduce the impact of the extended lead times we are experiencing by priming well in advance our supply chain
as far as possible. However, the impact on the Engineering Business is more severe and could grind their operations to a halt since
this part of our business does not know what components are required until their customers place an order for bespoke engineering
work packages. We therefore have a high risk that our Engineering Business may be severely impacted by the shortages that we
are currently experiencing. The increased inventory evidences our mitigation strategy to increase inventory where we can and, in
this regard, a significant part of our cash resources in the 2023 FY is geared towards supporting our supply chain
requirements. 

Our
technology is based on electronics that are designed and manufactured to our specification exclusively for us. These electronic components
are costly. Advancement in technology may make these specialized components or circuits obsolete. Reengineering these key components
could result in significant capital expenditure and also may cripple the production of our products since quick replacements cannot be
found and would require new engineering work. Furthermore, there is no broader market for these components. 

F. 
 Significant
 Increase in the Price of Raw Materials 

In
addition to the disruption in the Supply Chain, we are also experiencing very significant increase in price of raw materials which we
are unlikely to be able to pass on to our customers. These increases may make the cost of making our products prohibitive and uncompetitive
and could affect our margins and also the viability of our business. 

G. 
 Shortage
 of Key Skills/Resourcing Levels and significant increase in cost of operations due to inflation 

We
are experiencing extreme shortage of personnel with key skills which are critical to our business, such as electronic engineers,
software development skills, technical support engineers, field support engineers and sales and business development skills. This
situation is further compounded by significant increases in wages and salaries. In addition, with the UK withdrawing from EU
membership, this exacerbates an already critical situation for businesses. In the UK where we have a significant part of our
activities including Manufacturing and Research Development, there is acute shortage of skills and many industries demanding
pay increases in excess of current inflation rate of 11.1 . The UK is seeing extensive strike actions across the country, and this
will put further pressure on businesses to meet and exceed inflation-proof salary increases. This is likely to increase the cost of
operations, in particular, our SG A expenditures in the 2023 FY. 

As a small business, we are hindered in our ability to compete for certain specialized electronic engineering skills as our remuneration
package is not as competitive as those offered by bigger companies which are competing for the same skills. 

We
are looking to address the skills shortage by establishing a subsidiary in India, where software development skills and support
engineers skills are more readily available (as we do not believe the local situation will improve in the near future- given the
different Tech companies that are competing for the same skills). We can, however, give no assurance that this will serve as adequate
mitigation for this issue. 

H. 
 Government
 Spending for Defense : 

We
are dependent on the timely allocation of funds to defense procurement by governments in the United States and the United Kingdom. A
large part of our revenues in the Services Segment derives from government funding in the defense sector. In general, where there is
a change of government, spending priorities may change from those priorities of the previous Administration. This may adversely impact
on our revenues. Furthermore, the US Federal Defense Budget is dependent on the New Administration being able to secure approval in Congress
for the defense budget. The slim majority on which the current Administration operates is likely to hinder future spending on new defense
projects. 

23 

I. 
 Technological
 Advancement: 

A
significant part of our growth strategy is predicated on our flagship real time volumetric imaging sonar technology and our Diver Augmented
Vision Display (DAVD) solution. The technology space is inherently uncertain due to the fast pace of innovations and therefore we can
give no assurance that we can maintain our leading position in these areas or that innovations in other areas may not surpass our solutions
that we currently supply to the subsea market. An example of new technology entering the subsea market is LIDAR technology. However,
unlike our sonar technology, LIDAR technology cannot be employed in zero visibility conditions and cannot generate a volume pulse or
image moving objects required for real time inspection and monitoring underwater. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

This
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements that have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America US GAAP ). The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported values of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported levels of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. 

Below
is a discussion of accounting policies that we consider critical to an understanding of our financial condition and operating results
and that may require complex judgment in their application or require estimates about matters which are inherently uncertain. A discussion
of our significant accounting policies, including further discussion of the accounting policies described below, can be found in Note
2, Summary of Accounting Policies of our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Revenue
Recognition 

All
of our revenues are earned under formal contracts with our customers and are derived from both sales and rental of underwater technologies
and equipment for imaging, mapping, defense and survey applications, diving technology and from the engineering services that we provide. Our contracts
do not include the possibility for additional contingent consideration so that our determination of the contract price does not involve
having to consider potential variable additional consideration. Our product sales do not include a right of return by the customer. 

Regarding
our Products Segment, all of our products are sold on a stand-alone basis and those market prices are evidence of the value of the products.
To the extent that we also provide services (e.g., installation, training, etc.), those services are either included as part of the product
or are subject to written contracts based on the stand-alone value of those services. Revenue from the sale of services is recognized
when those services have been provided to the customer and evidence of the provision of those services exist. 

For
further discussion of our revenue recognition accounting policies, refer to paragraph h of Note 2 Revenue Recognition in
our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

24 

Stock
based Compensation 

We
recognize the expense related to the fair value of stock based compensation awards within the consolidated statements of income and
comprehensive income. The fair value of stock based compensation is determined as of the date of the grant or the date at which the
performance of the services is completed (measurement date) and is recognized over the periods in which the related services are
rendered. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 740, Income Taxes (ASC 740). Under ASC 740,
deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recorded for the income tax effects of differences between the bases of assets and liabilities
for financial reporting purposes and their bases for income tax reporting. The Company s differences arise principally from the
use of various accelerated and modified accelerated cost recovery system lives for income tax purposes versus straight line depreciation
used for book purposes and from the utilization of net operating loss carry-forwards. 

Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are the amounts by which the Company s future income taxes are expected to be impacted by these differences
as they reverse. Deferred tax assets are based on differences that are expected to decrease future income taxes as they reverse. Correspondingly,
deferred tax liabilities are based on differences that are expected to increase future income taxes as they reverse. Note 8 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements discusses the amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and also presents the impact of significant differences
between financial reporting income and taxable income. 

25 

For
income tax purposes, the Company uses the percentage of completion method of recognizing revenues on long-term contracts which is consistent
with the Company s financial reporting under U.S. GAAP. 

Goodwill
and Intangible Assets 

Goodwill
and intangible assets consist principally of the excess of cost over the fair value of net assets acquired (i.e., goodwill),
customer relationships, non-compete agreements and licenses. Goodwill was allocated to our reporting units based on the original
purchase price allocation. Goodwill is not amortized and is evaluated for impairment annually or more often if circumstances
indicate impairment may exist. Customer relationships, non-compete agreements, patents and licenses are being amortized on a
straight-line basis over periods of 2 to 15 years. The Company amortizes its intangible assets using the straight-line method over
their estimated period of benefit. We annually evaluate the recoverability of goodwill and intangible assets and carefully consider
events or circumstances that warrant revised estimates of useful lives or that indicate that impairment exists. 

Step
1 of the goodwill impairment test used to identify potential impairment compares the fair value of the reporting unit with its
carrying amount, including goodwill. If the fair value, which is based on future discounted cash flows, exceeds the carrying amount,
goodwill is not considered impaired. The Company has adopted Accounting Standards Codification 2017 04, Simplifying the Test
for Goodwill Impairment, which permits the Company to impair the difference between the carrying amount in excess of the fair value
of the reporting unit as the reduction in goodwill. 

At
the end of each year, we evaluate goodwill on a separate reporting unit basis to assess recoverability, and impairments, if any, are
recognized in earnings. An impairment loss would be recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount of the reporting
unit compared to the fair value of the reporting unit. To date, the Company has not had any goodwill impairments. 

Fiscal
Year 2022 Consolidated Results of Operations 

In
this Form 10-K, the following meanings are ascribed to the terminologies set out immediately below: 

FY 
 Means Fiscal Year 
 
 2022
 FY 
 Means
 the Fiscal Year ended October 31, 2022 
 
 2021
 FY 
 Means
 the Fiscal Year ended October 31, 2021 
 
 Current
 FY 
 Means
the Fiscal Year ended October 31, 2022 
 
 Previous
 FY 
 Means
the Fiscal Year ended October 31, 2021 

In
the Current FY revenues increased by 4.2 over the Previous FY, Gross Profit Margins fell by 0.9 , total operating expenses fell by
6.8 and operating income increased by 30.4 . Net income before taxes fell by 2.3 and after taxes by 13.1 . The main factor is that
in the Previous FY we recorded in Other Income exceptional items totaling 1,350,440 (comprising Paycheck Protection
Program PPP and Employment Retention Credits ERC )) contributions whereas in the 2022 FY we recorded
 88,917 comprising ERC. Without these exceptional items in both the Current FY and Previous FY, net income before taxes would have
been 5,043,418 and 3,902,804, respectively, thus representing a 29.2 increase in net income before taxes in the 2022 FY. 

Our revenues in the Current FY have been materially affected by the sharp depreciation of the Pound, Danish Kroner and
Euro against the USD our reporting currency. A significant part of our consolidated revenues is translated from Pounds and Danish
Kroners to USD. The overall impact of this currency fluctuation is 1,192,833, when using the exchange rate of
the Previous FY. 

In
the Current FY the Products Business generated revenues of 14,724,688 compared to 15,804,222 during the Previous FY. The part of
the Products Business revenues generated by the Company s foreign subsidiaries in the UK and Denmark, has been impacted by
the significant fall in the Pound and the Danish Kroner against the USD, our reporting currency. This means that when comparing the same
exchange rate of the Previous FY, the Products Business revenues in the Current FY after translating from Pound to USD fell by
 913,899. Therefore, without the significant depreciation of the Pound and the Danish Kroner against the USD in the Current FY, the Products Business revenue would have been 15,638,587 and in line with the Previous
FY. 

In
the Current FY the Engineering Business generated revenues of 7,501,115 compared to 5,527,305, an increase of 35.7 . However, the UK
part of our Engineering Business was also impacted by the significant depreciation of the Pound against the USD and, as a direct result, revenues were adversely
impacted by 278,934. 

We
are increasingly reducing the impact of currency fluctuations on our foreign subsidiaries revenues by transacting our sales in USD.
In the Current FY, 46.1 of our revenue was transacted in USD compared to 26.4 in the Previous FY. 

Comparison
of fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, to fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 

The
information provided below pertains to the Company s consolidated financial results. For information on the performance of each
Segment including the disaggregation of revenues and geographical split, see Note 13 Segment Analysis of our audited
Consolidated Financial Statements as of October 31, 2022, and 2021. 

26 

Revenue: 

Year
 Ended October 31, 2022 
 Year
 Ended October 31, 2021 
 Percentage
 Change 
 
 22,225,803 
 21,331,527 
 Increase of 4.2 

We
realized an increase in revenues of 4.2 in the 2022 FY compared to the 2021 FY. However, as discussed above, the sharp depreciation
of the Pound against the USD in the Current FY has impacted our revenues generated by our foreign subsidiaries by 1,192,833
and thus our overall consolidated revenue in the 2022 FY. 

Products Business Revenues 2022
 FY 
 14,724,688 
 
 Products Business Revenues 2021 FY 
 15,804,222 
 
 Services Business Revenues 2022 FY 
 7,501,115 
 
 Services Business Revenues 2021 FY 
 5,527,305 

The
Products Business revenues declined by 6.8 in the Current FY. This is largely due to the sharp depreciation of the Pound, Euro and
Danish Kroner against the USD. A significant part of our revenues is derived from our foreign subsidiaries in the UK and Denmark and
therefore for the purpose of reporting, the functional currencies of these subsidiaries are translated into USD. Applying the same
exchange rate as the Previous FY, revenue of the Products Business was negatively impacted by 913,899. Without this sharp
depreciation, the Products Business revenue would have been largely in line with the 2021 FY. 

The
Engineering Business revenues increased by 35.7 . However, similarly, the foreign subsidiary part of Engineering Business based in
the UK was also impacted by the sharp decline of the Pound against the USD. Assuming the same exchange rate as the Previous FY
(which our Business Plan is geared to), revenue of the Engineering Business was negatively impacted by 278,934. 

Gross
Margin: 

Year
 Ended October 31, 2022 
 Year
 Ended October 31, 2021 
 Percentage
 Change 
 
 68.3 (Gross profit of 15,190,688) 
 69.2 
 (Gross
 profit of 14,769,718) 
 Decrease of 0.9 

Gross
Profit Margins reported in our financial results may vary according to several factors. These include: 

The
 percentage of consolidated sales attributed to the Products Business. The Gross Profit Margin yielded by the Products Business is
 generally higher than that of the Engineering Business. 

The
 percentage of consolidated sales attributed to the Engineering Business. The Engineering Business yields a lower gross profit margin
 on generated sales which are largely based on time and materials contracts. 

The
 mix of sales generated by the Products Business: 

Outright
 sales versus rentals. 

Hardware
 related sales versus Software related sales. 

Extent
 of Offshore Engineering Support Services provided in the period. 

Extent
 of paid customer engineering work relating to customizing our technology for these customers requirements. 

Level
 of commissions on sales (both the Engineering and Products businesses work with a global network of sales agents). Most sales by the
 Products Business from Asia attract commission as those are typically sales via our agents/distributors network. See Notes 13
 (Segment Analysis) and 14 (Disaggregation of Revenue) to our audited Consolidated Financial Statements as of October 31, 2022, for
 more information covering Segment reporting and the disaggregation of our revenues by type and geography. 

Level
 of assets in the rental pool and cost of sales associated with these rental assets (and which are subject to depreciation
 see Note 2 paragraph d to our audited Consolidated Financial Statements as of October 31, 2022). 

In
the 2022 FY Gross Profit Margins for the Marine Technology Business were 80.0 compared to 79.9 in the 2021 FY. For the Engineering
Business, these were 45.4 in the 2022 FY compared to 38.6 in the 2021 FY. 

Since
there are more variable factors affecting Gross Profit Margins in the Marine Technology Business, a table showing a summary break-out
of sales generated by the Marine Technology Business in the 2022 FY compared to the 2021 FY is set out below: 

2022
 FY Products 
 2021
 FY Products 
 Percentage
 Change 
 
 Equipment Sales 
 8,771,050 
 10,914,124 
 (19.6 
 
 Equipment Rentals 
 1,844,775 
 2,324,773 
 (20.6 
 
 Software Sales 
 1,014,867 
 669,968 
 51.5 
 
 Services 
 3,093,996 
 1,895,357 
 63.2 

Total Net Sales 
 14,724,688 
 15,804,222 
 (6.8 

In
the 2022 FY the Products Business paid 596,426 in commission compared to 605,620 in the 2021 FY as there were less sales via our Agents/Distribution
network. 

In
the Current FY the Products Business generated revenues of 14,724,688 compared to 15,804,222. The part of the Products Business
revenues generated by the Company s foreign subsidiaries in the UK and Denmark, has been impacted by the significant fall in
the Pound and the Danish Kroner against the USD, our reporting currency. Therefore, assuming the same exchange rate of the Previous
FY, the Products Business revenues in the Current FY after translating from Pound to USD fell by 913,899. Without the significant
depreciation of the Pound and Kroner against the USD in the Current FY, the Products Business
revenue would have been 15,638,587 and largely in line with the Previous FY. 

For
more detailed information on the composition and disaggregation of our revenues, please refer to Note 14 Disaggregation of Revenue of our audited Consolidated Financial Statements of October 31, 2022, and 2021. 

27 

Research
and Development (R D): 

Year
 Ended October 31, 2022 
 Year
 Ended October 31, 2021 
 Percentage
 Change 
 
 2,237,920 
 2,982,676 
 Decrease of 25.0 

Research
and Development costs are, in general, an inherent ongoing cost for the Marine Technology Business operations since it will need to
either maintain the products it has in the market or continue to advance these products and its core technology to keep them
competitive (both in price and performance) and to expand the product offerings which we have in the market. 

Accordingly,
we continue to invest in research and development to further our business goals including maintaining our lead in the real time volumetric
imaging sonar sector (Marine Technology Business) and our new-to-market diving technology (DAVD). 

In
the 2022 FY this category of expenditure decreased by 25.0 . The decrease is largely due to reduced spending in this area in the
Engineering Business, where expenditures fell by 93.6 and was 30,420 in the 2022 FY compared to 473,569 in FY2021. This
reflects our strategy to reduce expenditures on the Thermite Octal development until we can gage both market and
customer requirements through the demonstrations of the capability of the Thermite . 

In
2022 FY the Products Business research and development expenditures fell by 12.0 . This is largely a reflection that we have
completed the capital-intensive development phase associated with onward development of the hardware phase our real time 3D/4D/5D/6D
sonar technology and our F280 Series . Our developments are now focused on feature enhancements and the like and are
largely firmware and software enhancements. 

Changes
in this category by Segment are set out immediately below: 

Description 
 Amount 
 
 increase / (decrease) 
 
 Marine
 Technology Business (Products Segment) 2022FY 
 2,207,500 
 Decrease
 12.0 
 
 Marine
 Technology Business (Products Segment) 2021FY 
 2,509,107 

Engineering
 Business (Services Segment) 2022 FY 
 30,420 
 Decrease
 93.6 
 
 Engineering
 Business (Services Segment) 2021 FY 
 473,569 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses (SG A) : 

Year
 Ended October 31, 2022 
 Year
 Ended October 31, 2021 
 Percentage
 Change 
 
 7,948,704 
 7,949,525 
 Decrease of 0.0 

SG A
in the 2022 FY was largely in line with 2021 FY expenditures. 

Notable
factors in our SG A 2022 FY are: 

Within
the category of SG A we have transactions which are cash charges and
non-cash charges. The non-cash charges comprise Depreciation, Amortization and Stock-based compensation charges. In 2022 FY and 2021 FY,
respectively non-cash items as a percentage of SGA expenses were 20.5 and 20.6 , respectively. 

Stock
Based Compensation Expenses Non-Cash Item). In the 2022 FY we expensed 1,130,917 for stock-based compensation as compared
to 1,050,821 in the corresponding 2021 FY, representing an increase of 7.6 . 

In
the 2021 FY, the Company had 135,000 as contribution under the UK Government Coronavirus Job Retention Scheme (CJRS), thus reducing
SG A in 2021 FY. There were no contributions under the CJRS in the 2022 FY. 

Further
discussions on SG A are set out immediately below. 

28 

Key
Areas of SG A Expenditure across the Group for the year ended October 31, 2022, compared to the year ended October 31, 2021 

Expenditure 
 October
 31, 2022 
 October
 31, 2021 
 Percentage 

 Change 
 
 Wages and Salaries 
 3,752,524 
 3,361,494 
 Increase of 11.6 
 
 Legal and Professional Fees
 (including accounting, audit and investment banking services) 
 1,419,013 
 1,284,591 
 Increase of 10.5 
 
 Rent for our various locations 
 64,637 
 51,443 
 Increase of 25.6 
 
 Marketing 
 197,258 
 48,214 
 Increase of 309.1 

Although
in FY2022 expenditures relating to Wages and Salaries increased by 11.6 , it should be noted that in the 2021 FY we had had
contributions under the UK Coronavirus Job Retention Scheme (CJRS) of 135,000 which reduced this category of expenditures. In the
2022 FY there were no such contributions. In addition, market conditions for wages and salaries have changed significantly. We are
seeing a persistently sharp rise in the costs of labor in the market and therefore anticipate that this area of expenditures will
continue to increase in the 2023 Financial Year. 

In
2022 FY regarding Legal and Professional Fees we recorded 125,000 as a refund from our UK auditors. This means that in real terms,
without this refund, Legal and Professional fees have increased by 20.2 which is a reflection of additional financial resources
that we have taken on and an increase in our overall audit fees. 

In
the 2022 FY expenditures relating to the category of Rent increased by 25.6 compared to FY 2021. Rent is not a
material expenditure in the Group as most of our premises are owned by the Company,
except for premises used in Denmark. 

In
2022 FY expenditures relating to the category of Marketing increased by 309.1 . In 2021 FY this area of expenditure
was depressed due to continued restrictions caused by the Coronavirus Pandemic. In 2022 FY we have been able to participate in more
industry-related trade events and anticipate that this category of expenditures will continue to increase in the 2023 Financial Year
as we focus our business strategy on business development and sales and marketing. 

29 

Operating
Income: 

Year
 Ended October 31, 2022 
 Year
 Ended October 31, 2021 
 Percentage
 Change 
 
 5,004,064 
 3,837,517 
 Increase of 30.4 

In
the 2022 FY Operating Income increased by 30.4 . The increase in Operating Income is largely due to the increase in Revenue by 4.2 over
the 2021 FY coupled with a fall in Total Operating Expenses by 6.8 . 

Other
Income : 

Year
 Ended October 31, 2022 
 Year
 Ended October 31, 2021 
 Percentage
 Change 
 
 137,975 
 1,435,382 
 Decrease of 90.4 

In
the 2021 FY Other Income included 648,872 representing amounts received under the PPP and 701,568 in ERC which the US Administration made available as part of the
Pandemic response package for US companies. In the 2022 FY we did not receive any contributions under the PPP but recorded 88,917
for ERC. Outside of these exceptional amounts, this category of income is not material for the Company. 

Interest
Expense: 

Year
 Ended October 31, 2022 
 Year
 Ended October 31, 2021 
 Percentage
 Change 
 
 9,704 
 19,655 
 Decrease of 50.6 

This
is not a material category of expenses for the Company since in December 2021 we have repaid all indebtedness under our Senior Secured
Debenture with HSBC NA. We therefore do not anticipate Interest Expense to be a material item of expenses in our financial statements. 

30 

Net
Income before Income taxes for the year ended October 31, 2022, compared to the year ended October 31, 2021 

Year
 Ended October 31, 2022 
 Year
 Ended October 31, 2021 
 Percentage
 Change 
 
 5,132,335 
 5,253,244 
 Decrease of 2.3 

In
the 2022 FY, Net Income before taxes fell by 2.3 despite an increase in revenues (by 4.2 over the previous 2021 FY), a reduction
in Total Operating Expenses by 6.8 and a reduction in the category of Interest Expenses. A factor in this is that in the 2021 FY,
Net income before taxes was positively impacted by exceptional items of Other Income comprising (PPP and ERC) totaling
 1,350,440. In the 2022 FY Net income before taxes was marginally impacted by exceptional items of Other Income 
comprising ERC and totaling 88,917. Without these exceptional items in Other Income in both the 2022 FY and 2021 FY,
Net Income before taxes would have been 5,043,418 and 3,902,804, respectively, and representing a 29.2 increase in Net Income
before taxes in the 2022 FY. 

Net
Income after Income taxes for the year ended October 31, 2022, compared to the year ended October 31, 2021 

Year
 Ended October 31, 2022 
 Year
 Ended October 31, 2021 
 Percentage
 Change 
 
 4,301,221 
 4,947,765 
 Decrease of 13.1 

In the 2022 FY, Net Income after Income taxes fell by 13.1 . This is due to a number of factors. In the 2021 FY, Net income before taxes
was positively impacted by exceptional items of Other Income comprising (PPP and ERC) totaling 1,350,440. In the 2022 FY
Net income before taxes was marginally impacted by exceptional items of Other Income comprising ERC and totaling 88,917.
Without these exceptional items in Other Income in both the 2022 FY and 2021 FY, Net Income before taxes would have been
 5,043,418 and 3,902,804, representing a 29.2 increase in Net Income before taxes in the 2022FY. Additionally, in the 2022 FY we recorded
tax expense of 831,114 compared to 305,479 in the 2021 FY, representing an increase in the 2022 FY of 172.1 . 

Comprehensive
Income for the year ended October 31, 2022, compared to the year ended October 31, 2021 

Year
 Ended October 31, 2022 
 Year
 Ended October 31, 2021 
 Percentage
 Change 
 
 1,231,156 
 5,601,984 
 Decrease of 78.0 

In
the 2022 FY, Comprehensive Income was 1,231,156 compared to 5,601,984 for the 2021 FY reflecting the adverse effects of currency
fluctuations. Comprehensive Income is affected by fluctuations in translating foreign currency transactions of our foreign
subsidiaries into USD relating to both our profit and loss expenses and valuation of our assets and liabilities comprised within our
balance sheet. A significant part of the Company s reported financial results emanates from its foreign subsidiaries including
in the UK and Denmark, resulting in translation from these foreign subsidiaries functional currencies to USD. In the Current FY the
USD strengthened significantly against most major currencies including the Pound, Euro and Danish Kroner. The Company therefore
realized significant adjustments relating to foreign currency transactions in the Current Year. In the 2021 FY we realized a gain on
foreign currency translation adjustments relating to these transactions of 654,219 compared to a loss on these transactions in the
2022 FY of 3,070,065. In the 2022 FY the USD has strengthened against major currencies including the British Pound, Euro, Danish
Kroner and Indian Rupees (the functional currencies of our foreign operations). A substantial part of these losses are paper losses
associated with re-valuation of our foreign subsidiaries balance sheet. A significant part of the Company s operations is
based in the UK, and therefore a significant part of our financial transactions is performed in Pounds which are translated into USD
for reporting purposes. In the 2022 FY, the Pound has fallen significantly against the USD (approximately by 8 ). This is a key
factor in the loss relating to foreign currency translations transactions in the 2022 FY. See Table 1 under the section which
concerns Inflation Foreign Currency which shows the impact of the currency adjustments. 

31 

Segment
Analysis 

We
are operating in two reportable segments, which are managed separately based upon fundamental differences in their operations. Segment
operating income is total segment revenue reduced by operating expenses identifiable with the business segment. Overhead includes general
corporate administrative costs. 

The
Company evaluates performance and allocates resources based upon operating income. The accounting policies of the reportable segments
are the same as those described in the summary of accounting policies. 

There
are inter-segment sales in the table below which have been eliminated from our financial statements. However, for the purpose of segment
reporting, these inter-segment sales are included in the table below only. 

The
following tables summarize certain balance sheet and statement of operations information by reportable segment for the financial years
ending October 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Marine Technology Business (Products) 
 Marine Engineering Business (Services) 
 Overhead 
 Total 

Year Ended October 31, 2022 

Net Revenues 
 14,724,688 
 7,501,115 
 - 
 22,225,803 

Cost of Revenues 
 2,941,569 
 4,093,546 
 - 
 7,035,115 

Gross Profit 
 11,783,119 
 3,407,569 
 - 
 15,190,688 

Research Development 
 2,207,500 
 30,420 
 - 
 2,237,920 
 
 Selling, General Administrative 
 2,563,554 
 2,654,565 
 2,730,585 
 7,948,704 

Total Operating Expenses 
 4,771,054 
 2,684,985 
 2,730,585 
 10,186,624 

Income (Loss) from Operations 
 7,012,065 
 722,584 
 (2,730,585 
 5,004,064 

Other Income (Expense) 

Other Income 
 55,715 
 79,204 
 3,056 
 137,975 
 
 Interest Expense 
 (9,233 
 (71 
 (400 
 (9,704 

Total Other Income (Expense) 
 46,482 
 79,133 
 2,656 
 128,271 

Income (Loss) before Income Taxes 
 7,058,547 
 801,717 
 (2,727,929 
 5,132,335 

Income Tax (Expense) Benefit 

Current Tax (Expense) Benefit 
 (868,162 
 39,422 
 (176,400 
 (1,005,140 
 
 Deferred Tax Benefit (Expense) 
 31,907 
 (41,657 
 183,776 
 174,026 

Total Income Tax (Expense) Benefit 
 (836,255 
 (2,235 
 7,376 
 (831,114 

Net Income (Loss) 
 6,222,292 
 799,482 
 (2,720,553 
 4,301,221 

Supplemental Disclosures 

Total Assets 
 33,348,805 
 12,662,109 
 916,544 
 46,927,458 

Total Liabilities 
 2,432,750 
 526,195 
 585,704 
 3,544,649 

Revenues from Intercompany Sales- eliminated from sales above 
 2,406,717 
 396,015 
 2,720,000 
 5,522,732 

Depreciation and Amortization 
 602,583 
 96,776 
 39,370 
 738,729 

Purchases of Long-lived Assets 
 1,123,475 
 36,862 
 90,887 
 1,251,224 

32 

Marine Technology Business (Products) 
 Marine Engineering Business (Services) 
 Overhead 
 Total 

Year Ended October 31, 2021 

Net Revenues 
 15,804,222 
 5,527,305 
 - 
 21,331,527 

Cost of Revenues 
 3,169,835 
 3,391,974 
 - 
 6,561,809 

Gross Profit 
 12,634,387 
 2,135,331 
 - 
 14,769,718 

Research Development 
 2,509,107 
 473,569 
 - 
 2,982,676 
 
 Selling, General Administrative 
 3,231,733 
 2,304,300 
 2,413,492 
 7,949,525 

Total Operating Expenses 
 5,740,840 
 2,777,869 
 2,413,492 
 10,932,201 

Income (Loss) from Operations 
 6,893,547 
 (642,538 
 (2,413,492 
 3,837,517 

Other Income (Expense) 

Other Income 
 354,373 
 1,079,374 
 1,635 
 1,435,382 
 
 Interest Expense 
 (1,738 
 (365 
 (17,552 
 (19,655 

Total Other Income (Expense) 
 352,635 
 1,079,009 
 (15,917 
 1,415,727 

Income (Loss) before Income Taxes 
 7,246,182 
 436,471 
 (2,429,409 
 5,253,244 

Income Tax (Expense) Benefit 

Current Tax Benefit (Expense) 
 35,032 
 (51,624 
 - 
 (16,592 
 
 Deferred Tax (Expense) Benefit 
 (418,338 
 409,205 
 (279,754 
 (288,887 

Total Income Tax (Expense) Benefit 
 (383,306 
 357,581 
 (279,754 
 (305,479 

Net Income (Loss) 
 6,862,876 
 794,052 
 (2,709,163 
 4,947,765 

Supplemental Disclosures 

Total Assets 
 30,631,442 
 14,117,747 
 716,230 
 45,465,419 

Total Liabilities 
 3,166,999 
 849,306 
 400,041 
 4,416,346 

Revenues from Intercompany Sales- eliminated from sales above 
 2,075,387 
 355,608 
 3,470,000 
 5,900,995 

Depreciation and Amortization 
 780,434 
 114,022 
 29,617 
 924,073 

Purchases of Long-lived Assets 
 793,995 
 51,907 
 118,302 
 964,204 

Coda
Octopus Martech and Coda Octopus Colmek Services Segment or Marine Engineering Business are providing engineering
services as sub-contractors mainly to prime defense contractors and Coda Octopus Products operations are comprised primarily of product
sales, technology solutions sales, rental of equipment and/or software and associated services Products Segment or Marine
Technology Business ). 

The
Company s reportable business segments sell their goods and services in four geographic locations: 

Americas 

Europe 

Australia/Asia 

Middle
 East/Africa 

33 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As of October 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated
deficit of 14,176,636, working capital of 33,542,200 and stockholders equity of 43,382,809. For the year then ended, the Company
generated cash flow from operations of 6,726,967. 

We
believe that our current level of cash and cash generation will be sufficient
to meet our short and medium-term liquidity needs. As of October 31, 2022, we had cash on hand of 22,927,371 and both billed and unbilled
receivables of approximately 3,472,715. Our current cash balance represents approximately 35 months of Selling, General and Administrative
Expenses. The Company continues to critically evaluate the level of expenses that we incur and reduce those expenses as appropriate. 

We
also have access to a revolving line of credit of 4 million from HSBC
NA. This line of credit is available to the Company for short-term working capital purpose. All amounts under the Revolving Line of Credit
are payable at the end of each financial year. The facility was renewed for another year until November 2023. To date, the Company has
not had reason to borrow any funds for its operations under this credit line. 

Our
main liquidity issues are forward buying components and inventory for our products which encompass specialized electronics for which
there is no after-market except for the products to which they are designed for, funding our research and development program R D which requires significant expenditures in attracting engineering skills and incurring non-recoverable costs
for researching, developing and prototyping products and managing our currency exposure and business development and marketing costs
required for the success of our business. 

Operating
Activities 

Net cash generated from operating activities for the
year ended October 31, 2022, was 6,726,967. We recorded net income for the period of 4,301,221. Other items in uses and sources of funds
from operations included non-cash charges related to depreciation and amortization, deferred tax asset and stock-based compensation, which
collectively totaled 1,676,563. Changes in operating assets increased net cash from operating activities by 1,205,916 and changes in
current liabilities decreased net cash from operating activities by 456,733. 

34 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended October 31, 2022, was 556,560 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash used in financing activities for the year ended October 31, 2022, was 91,896. 

Secured
Promissory Note 

On
April 28, 2017, the Company together with its wholly owned US subsidiaries, Coda Octopus Products, Inc. and Coda Octopus Colmek, Inc.,
entered into a loan agreement with HSBC Bank NA for a loan in the principal amount of 8,000,000. The annual interest rate was fixed
at 4.56 . The loan was secured by all assets of the Company and its U.S. subsidiaries and of three of the Company s overseas subsidiaries.
The entire remaining balance of 63,559 was repaid by the end of the 2021 calendar year. 

Foreign
Currency 

The
Company maintains its books in local currency: US Dollars for its US operations, British Pounds for its United Kingdom operations, Danish
Kroner for its Danish operations, Australian Dollars for its Australian operations and Indian Rupees for its Indian Operations. 

For
the 2022 FY, 46 of the Company s revenue were conducted inside the United States and 54 outside the United States through
its wholly owned subsidiaries in the United Kingdom and Denmark. As a result, currency fluctuations may significantly affect the Company s sales,
profitability, balance sheet valuations and financial position when the foreign currencies of its international operations are
translated into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. In addition, we are also subject to currency fluctuation risks with
respect to certain foreign currency denominated receivables and payables. Although the Company cannot predict the extent to which
currency fluctuations may affect the Company s business and financial position, there is a risk that such fluctuations will
have an adverse impact on the Company s sales, profits, balance sheet valuations and financial position. Because differing
portions of our revenues and costs are denominated in foreign currency, movements in those currencies could impact our margins by,
for example, decreasing our foreign revenues when the dollar strengthens and not correspondingly decreasing our expenses. The
Company does not currently hedge its currency exposure. In the future, we may engage in hedging transactions to mitigate foreign
exchange risk. However, as a strategy the Company is endeavoring to transact its sales by its foreign subsidiaries in USD. In the
Current FY 46 of our revenue was in USD compared to 27 in the Previous FY. 

35 

The
translation of the Company s denominated balance sheets and results of operations into US dollars (USD) are affected by changes
in the average value of USD against the currencies of our foreign subsidiaries operating in GBP, DKK and AUD (our limited operations
in INR are not considered material for this purpose) included in our consolidated results. 

British
 Operations 2022 FY and 2021 FY 

British
 Pound against USD 
 
 Average
 exchange rate was 1.2552 to the GBP against 1.3758 USD 
 
 A
 decrease in the value of the GBP against the USD by 8.8 
 
 Australian
 Operations 2022 FY and 2021 FY 
 
 Australian
 Dollar AUD against USD 
 
 Average
 exchange rate was 0.7001 against 0.7531 USD 
 
 A
 decrease in the value of the AUD against the USD by 7.0 
 
 Danish
 Operations 2022 FY and 2021 FY 
 
 Danish
 Kroner (DKK) against USD 
 
 Average
 exchange rate was 0.1433 against 0.1603 USD to the DKK 
 
 A
 decrease in the value of the DKK against the USD by 10.6 

These
are the values we have used in the calculations below which show the impact of these currency fluctuations on our operations in the 2022
FY: 

British Pounds 
 Australian Dollar 
 Danish Kroner 
 USD 

Actual 
 Constant 
 Actual 
 Constant 
 Actual 
 Constant 
 Actual 
 Constant 
 Total 

Results 
 Rates 
 Results 
 Rates 
 Results 
 Rates 
 Results 
 Rates 
 Effect 
 
 Revenues 
 10,039,273 
 11,004,589 
 - 
 - 
 1,917,373 
 2,144,890 
 11,956,646 
 13,149,479 
 (1,192,833 
 
 Costs 
 8,666,591 
 9,499,918 
 24,037 
 25,857 
 241,451 
 270,102 
 9,000,932 
 9,868,067 
 (867,135 
 
 Net profit (losses) 
 1,372,682 
 1,504,671 
 (24,037 
 (25,857 
 1,675,922 
 1,874,788 
 2,955,714 
 3,281,412 
 (325,698 
 
 Assets 
 20,236,412 
 24,059,112 
 26,825 
 31,570 
 3,040,207 
 3,559,146 
 23,305,960 
 27,652,607 
 (4,346,647 
 
 Liabilities 
 (1,140,131 
 (1,355,504 
 - 
 - 
 (72,230 
 (84,559 
 (1,211,331 
 (1,438,925 
 227,594 
 
 Net assets 
 19,096,281 
 22,703,608 
 26,825 
 31,570 
 2,967,977 
 3,474,587 
 22,094,629 
 26,213,682 
 (4,119,053 

This
table shows that the effect of constant exchange rates, versus the actual exchange rate fluctuations, decreased net income for the year
by 325,698 and decreased net assets by 4,119,053. These amounts are material to our overall financial results. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Inflation 

Inflation
affects our Business in several ways including: 

Cost
 of Operations (including wages and salaries) 

Bill
 of Material Costs of our Products 

The
effect of inflation on the Company s 2022 FY results has been benign due to a number of factors. Wages and Salaries for
our Current FY were in place prior to the upturn in inflation and also our Products Business had significant inventory which had
been sourced prior to the upturn in inflation. 

We
therefore expect that inflation will be more impactful in the 2023 financial year. 

While
in the past few years we have seen fairly benign rates of inflation in labor and materials in the countries in which we operate and
those countries from which we source raw materials and components from and those that we sell to, since the middle of 2022 FY we
have been seeing worrying signs of inflation in almost all countries. In the US, UK and Denmark, countries in which we have
operations, inflation has moved to 7.7 , 11.1 , and 10.1 as of October 31, 2022, respectively. 

Specifically,
we are seeing inflation affecting staff costs, both in significantly increased demands from potential new recruits and existing
staff members whose living wages have been eroded by inflation. 

We
also see inflation in our sourcing of components, both run of the mill such as metalwork and also more particularly specialist components,
including electronics. We are hit in two ways, the first being the normal increase in prices due to the basic effects of
inflation, and the second being an extra premium (combined with longer lead tines) being sought for scarcity. Some of this scarcity being
brought about by the effects of COVID in far eastern suppliers. 

Longer
lead times, some of which have now extended to a year or more also bring an additional inflation risk to the Company as we are unable
to place purchase orders on our suppliers until we have a customer contract, and our suppliers are unwilling or unable to provide a fixed
cost to us as they in turn are unable to get fixed prices for their components. 

The
levels of our margins are therefore at risk and preservation of our margins is dependent upon our ability to pass on these increases
to our customers which is improbable, particularly since our customer base is global (in the Far East inflation profiles are very
different). We are also at risk of high staff turnover if we cannot offer inflation-proof wages in a market that is ultra-competitive
due to demand outstripping supply. 

36 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Reference
is made to the Index of Financial statements following Part III of this Report for a listing of the Company s Consolidated Financial
Statements and Notes thereto. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us
in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s (the SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our principal executive and financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

The
Company s management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial (and principal accounting) Officer, performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of October 31, 2022. Based upon
that evaluation the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
were ineffective as a result of the material weakness identified below. 

A
material weakness (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under
the Exchange Act) is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. 

In
light of the conclusion that our internal disclosure controls are ineffective as of October 31, 2022, we have applied procedures and
processes as necessary to ensure the reliability of our financial reporting in regard to this annual report. Accordingly, the Company
believes, based on its knowledge, that: (i) this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit a material
fact; and (ii) the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly presented in all material
respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as of and for the periods presented in this annual report. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

A
company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, a public company s
principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the board of directors,
management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with US generally accepted accounting principles US GAAP including those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company, (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with US GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company, and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on
the financial statements. 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our management, with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
as of October 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 2013 Framework). Based on its assessment,
our management believes that, as of October 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective based on those criteria. 

We
have identified a material weakness concerning a lack of adequate processes and procedures regarding the review of the elimination entries
pertaining to the consolidation process. 

We
are in the process of implementing new controls and procedures that we believe will address the material weakness described above and
will carefully monitor the effectiveness of these controls and procedures over the next several quarterly consolidations to determine
their effectiveness in addressing the material weakness. 

We
will implement both additional qualitative and quantitative controls over eliminations including implementing metrics that will be compared
to each quarter s results and deviations from those metrics will be investigated before the consolidation is considered complete.
We have also expanded the review of the quarterly and annual consolidation process. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual
report. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During
the year ended October 31, 2022, except as disclosed above, there were no changes in the Company s internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. Other Information 

Not
Applicable 

37 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following persons are the executive officers and directors as of the date hereof: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Annmarie
 Gayle 
 
 58 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 Nathan
 Parker 
 
 45 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Kevin
 Kane 
 
 58 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Coda Octopus Colmek) 
 
 Blair
 Cunningham 
 
 53 
 
 President
 of Technology 
 
 Michael
 Hamilton 
 
 75 
 
 Director 
 
 Captain
 Charlie Plumb 
 
 80 
 
 Director 
 
 Mary
 Losty 
 
 62 
 
 Director 
 
 Tyler
 G. Runnels 
 
 66 
 
 Director 

Annmarie
Gayle has been our Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors since 2011 and our Chairman since March 2017.
She is also our Chief Executive Officer for our flagship products business, Coda Octopus Products, Limited (UK) since 2013. Prior thereto,
she spent two years assisting with the restructuring of our Company. She previously served with the Company as Senior Vice President
of Legal Affairs between 2006 and 2007. Earlier in her career she worked for a leading City-London law firm specializing in Intellectual
Property Rights, the United Nations and the European Union. Ms. Gayle has a strong background in restructuring and has spent more than
12 years in a number of countries where she has been the lead adviser to a number of transitional administrations on privatizing banks
and reforming state-owned assets in the Central Eastern European countries including banking, infrastructure, mining and telecommunications
assets. Ms. Gayle has also managed a number of large European Union funded projects providing transitional support and capacity. Ms.
Gayle holds a Law degree gained at the University of London and a Master of Law degree in International Commercial Law from Cambridge
University and has completed her professional law exams to practice law in England Wales. Because of her wealth of experience in
corporate governance, large scale project management, restructuring, strategy, structuring and managing corporate transactions, we believe
that she is highly qualified to act as our Chief Executive Officer. 

Nathan
Parker joined the Company in the capacity as our Chief Financial Officer in June 2022. From 2021 to 2022, Mr. Parker earned a
Master of Business Administration from Michigan State University and a Bachelor of Science, Financial Services, from Brigham Young University.
Because of Mr. Parker s background and financial experience, the Company believes that he is highly qualified to serve as the Chief Financial Officer. 

Blair
Cunningham joined the Company in July 2004 and has had a number of roles in the Company including Chief Technology Officer between
July 2004 and July 2005. He is currently our President of Technology. Mr. Cunningham received an HND in Computer Science in 1989 from
Moray College of Further Education, Elgin, Scotland. Because of Mr. Cunningham s expertise in technology, systems software development
and project management, the Company believes that he is highly qualified to serve in his current roles. 

Kevin
Kane joined the Company in July 2021. He is the Chief Executive Officer of Coda Octopus Colmek, Inc. Colmek ).
Mr. Kane holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Computer Engineering from the Rochester Institute of Technology, and a Master of
Business Administration degree from Saint John Fisher College (USA). Because of Mr. Kane s background and experience working
with Prime Defense Contractors in the area of business development, the Company believes that he is highly qualified to serve as the
Divisional Chief Executive Officer of Colmek. 

Michael
Hamilton was our Chairman of the Board between June 2010 and March 2017. He is currently serving as an independent director
of our Board. He has been a member of the board of directors and a member of the audit committee of Tian Ruixiang Holdings Ltd. a
Nasdaq traded public company, since 2020. Since 2014, Mr. Hamilton has provided accounting and valuation services for a varied list
of clients. He was Senior Vice President of Powerlink Transmission Company from 2011 through 2014. From 1988 to 2003, he was an
audit partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from St. Frances College and is a certified
public accountant and is accredited in business valuation. Because of Mr. Hamilton s background in auditing, strategic
corporate finance solutions, financial management and financial reporting, we believe that he is highly qualified to be a member of
our Board of Directors. 

G.
Tyler Runnels was elected as a director at the 2018 annual meeting. Mr. Runnels has nearly 30 years of investment banking experience
including debt and equity financings, private placements, mergers and acquisitions, initial public offerings, bridge financings, and
financial restructurings. Since 2003 Mr. Runnels has been the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of T.R. Winston Company, LLC,
an investment bank and member of FINRA, where he began working in 1990. Mr. Runnels was an early-stage investor in our company and T.R.
Winston Company, LLC has served as our exclusive placement agent in one of our private placements raising early rounds of capital
for our company. Mr. Runnels has successfully completed and advised on numerous transactions for clients in a variety of industries,
including healthcare, oil and gas, business services, manufacturing, and technology. Mr. Runnels is also responsible for working with
high-net-worth clients seeking to diversify their portfolios to include real estate products through established relationships with real
estate brokers, accountants, attorneys, qualified intermediaries and financial advisors. Prior to joining T.R. Winston Co., LLC,
Mr. Runnels held the position of Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance for H.J. Meyers Company, a regional investment bank.
Mr. Runnels received a B.S. and MBA from Pepperdine University. Mr. Runnels holds FINRA Series 7, 24, 55, 63 and 79 licenses. 

38 

Captain
J. Charles Plumb has been a member of Coda s Board of Directors since September 2019. Captain Plumb is a retired U.S. Navy
fighter pilot. On his 75 th combat mission, just five days before the end of his tour in Vietnam, he was shot down over Hanoi,
taken prisoner and tortured. During his nearly six years as a prisoner of war, he distinguished himself as a pro in underground communications.
He was a great inspiration to all the other POWs and served as chaplain for two years. Following his repatriation, Captain Plumb continued
his Navy flying career in Reserve Squadrons where he flew A-4 Sky Hawks, A-7 Corsairs and FA-18 Hornets. His last two commands as a Naval
Reservist were on the Aircraft Carrier Corral Sea and at Fighter Air Wing in California. He retired from the United States Navy after
28 years of service. His military honors include two Purple Hearts, the Legion of Merit, the Silver Star, the Bronze Star and the P.O.W.
Medal. He has been a motivational speaker, consultant and executive coach since 1973. His clients include General Motors, FedEx, Hilton,
Aflac, the U.S. Navy, BMW and NASA. Since 2010, he has been member of the Board of Directors of the Lightspeed Aviation Foundation. Captain
Plumb earned a B.S. in electrical engineering from the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis. We selected Captain Plumb to be a member of the
Board of Directors because of his close ties to the U.S. Defense establishment. 

Mary
Losty has been a director since July 2017. She is a private investor in both US equities and real estate. She currently serves
as Commissioner on both Dorchester County and the City of Cambridge, Maryland s Planning and Zoning Commissions. She also serves
as a Committeeman for the Eastern Shore Land Conservancy as well as the Pine Street Committee of Cambridge, MD. She served as a member
of the Board of Procera Networks, Inc. from March 2007 until that company was successfully sold in June 2015 to a private equity firm.
She was a member of that company s Audit Committee and the former Chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee. Ms. Losty
was a director of Blue Earth, Inc. (formerly Genesis Fluid Solutions Holdings, Inc.) from 2009 to 2011. Ms. Losty retired in 2010 as
the General Partner at Cornwall Asset Management, LLC, a portfolio management firm located in Baltimore, Maryland, where she was responsible
for the firm s investment in numerous companies since 1998. Ms. Losty s prior experience includes working as a portfolio
manager at Duggan Associates from 1992 to 1998 and as an equity research analyst at M. Kimelman Company from 1990 to 1992.
Prior to that, she worked as an investment banker at Morgan Stanley and Co., and for several years prior to that she was the top aide
to James R. Schlesinger, a five-time U.S. cabinet secretary. Ms. Losty received both her BS and JD from Georgetown University, the latter
with magna cum laude distinction. We believe that Ms. Losty s extensive dealings with the investment community makes her highly
qualified to be a member of our Board of Directors. 

Family
Relationships 

Other
than Tyler Runnels and Charlie Plumb who are brothers in law, none of our Directors are related by blood, marriage, or adoption to any
other Director, executive officer, or other key employees. 

39 

Board
Leadership Structure 

The
Board of Directors is currently chaired by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Annmarie Gayle. The Company believes that combining
the positions of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors helps to ensure that the Board of Directors and management
act with a common purpose. Integrating the positions of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman can provide a clear chain of command to
execute the Company s strategic initiatives. The Company also believes that it is advantageous to have a Chairman with an extensive
history with, and knowledge of, the Company. Notwithstanding the combined role of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, key strategic
initiatives and decisions involving the Company are discussed and approved by the entire Board of Directors. The Company believes that
the current leadership structure and processes maintains an effective oversight of management and independence of the Board of Directors
as a whole without separate designation of a lead independent director. However, the Board of Directors will continue to monitor its
functioning and will consider appropriate changes to ensure the effective independent function of the Board of Directors in its oversight
responsibilities. 

Independence
of the Board of Directors and its Committees 

After
review of all relevant transactions or relationships between each director, or any of his or her family members, and the Company, its
senior management and its Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, the Board of Directors has determined that all the Company s
directors are independent within the meaning of the applicable NASDAQ listing standards, except Ms. Gayle, the Company s Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer. The Board of Directors met 4 times and acted by unanimous written consent 4 times during the fiscal year
ended October 31, 2022. Each member of the Board of Directors attended all meetings of the Board of Directors held in the last fiscal
year during the period for which he or she was a director and of the meetings of the committees on which he or she served in the last
fiscal year during the period for which he or she was a committee member. 

The
Board of Directors has three committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating Committee. Below is a description
of each committee of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors has determined that each member of each committee meets the applicable
rules and regulations regarding independence and that each member is free of any relationship that would interfere with
his or her individual exercise of independent judgment with regard to the Company. 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors oversees the Company s corporate accounting and financial reporting process. For this
purpose, the Audit Committee performs several functions. The Audit Committee, among other things: evaluates the performance, and assesses
the qualifications, of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm; determines and pre-approves the engagement of the Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm to perform all proposed audit, review and attest services; reviews and pre-approves the retention of
the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm to perform any proposed, permissible non-audit services; determines whether to retain
or terminate the existing Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm or to appoint and engage a new independent registered Public
Accounting Firm for the ensuing year; confers with management and the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm regarding the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting; establishes procedures as required under applicable law, for the receipt, retention and
treatment of complaints received by the Company regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and the confidential
and anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters; reviews the financial statements
to be included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Company s periodic quarterly filings on Form 10-Q, recommends
whether or not such financial statements should be so included; and discusses with management and the Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm the results of the annual audit and review of the Company s quarterly financial statements. 

The
Audit Committee is currently composed of three outside directors: Michael Hamilton (Chairman), Mary Losty and Captain J. Charles Plumb.
The Audit Committee met four times during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. The Audit Committee Charter is available on the Company s
website, www.codaoctopusgroup.com. 

40 

The
Board of Directors periodically reviews the NASDAQ listing standards definition of independence for Audit Committee members and
has determined that all members of the Company s Audit Committee are independent (as independence is currently defined in Rule
5605(c)(2)(A) of the NASDAQ listing standards and Rule 10A-3(b)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended). The Board of Directors
has determined that Michael Hamilton qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as defined in applicable SEC rules.
The Board of Directors made a qualitative assessment of Mr. Hamilton s level of knowledge and experience based on a number of factors,
including his formal education and his service in executive capacities having financial oversight responsibilities. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors reviews, modifies and approves the overall compensation strategy and policies for the
Company. The Compensation Committee, among other things, reviews and approves corporate performance goals and objectives relevant to
the compensation of the Company s officers; determines and approves the compensation and other terms of employment of the Company s
Chief Executive Officer; determines and approves the compensation and other terms of employment of the other officers of the Company;
and administers the Company s stock option and purchase plans, pension and profit sharing plans and other similar programs. 

The
Compensation Committee is composed of three outside directors: Michael Hamilton (Chairman), Mary Losty and G. Tyler Runnels. All members
of the Compensation Committee are independent (as independence is currently defined in Rule 5605(a)(2) of the NASDAQ listing standards).
The Compensation Committee met two times during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. The Compensation Committee Charter is available
on the Company s website at: www.codaoctopusgroup.com . 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

No
member of our compensation committee has at any time been an employee of ours. None of our executive officers serves as a member of the
board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving as a member of our board of
directors or compensation committee. 

Nominating
Committee 

The
Nominating Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for, among other things, identifying, reviewing and evaluating candidates
to serve as directors of the Company; reviewing, evaluating and considering incumbent directors; recommending to the Board of Directors
candidates for election to the Board of Directors; making recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding the membership of the committees
of the Board of Directors, and assessing the performance of the Board of Directors. 

The
Nominating and Governance Committee is currently composed of three outside directors: Mary Losty (Chair), G. Tyler Runnels and Captain
J. Charles Plumb. All members of the Nominating Committee are independent (as independence is currently defined in Rule 5605(a)(2) of
the NASDAQ listing standards). The Nominating Committee met one time during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. The Nominating Committee
Charter is available on the Company s website at www.codaoctopusgroup.com . 

The
Nominating Committee has not established any specific minimum qualifications that must be met for recommendation for a position on the
Board of Directors. Instead, in considering candidates for director the Nominating Committee will generally consider all relevant factors,
including among others the candidate s applicable education, expertise and demonstrated excellence in his or her field, the usefulness
of the expertise to the Company, the availability of the candidate to devote sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the Company,
the candidate s reputation for personal integrity and ethics and the candidate s ability to exercise sound business judgment.
Other relevant factors, including diversity, experience and skills, will also be considered. Candidates for director are reviewed in
the context of the existing membership of the Board of Directors (including the qualities and skills of the existing directors), the
operating requirements of the Company and the long-term interests of its stockholders. 

41 

The
Nominating Committee considers each director s executive experience and his or her familiarity and experience with the various
operational, scientific and/or financial aspects of managing companies in our industry. 

With
respect to diversity, the Nominating Committee seeks a diverse group of individuals who have executive leadership experience and a complementary
mix of backgrounds and skills necessary to provide meaningful oversight of the Company s activities. The Company meets the NASDAQ
standards for diversity on the board of directors. The Nominating Committee annually reviews the Board s composition in light of
the Company s changing requirements. The Nominating Committee uses the Board of Director s network of contacts when compiling
a list of potential director candidates and may also engage outside consultants. Pursuant to its charter, the Nominating Committee will
consider, but not necessarily recommend to the Board of Directors, potential director candidates recommended by stockholders. All potential
director candidates are evaluated based on the factors set forth above, and the Nominating Committee has established no special procedure
for the consideration of director candidates recommended by stockholders. 

Employment
Agreements 

Annmarie
Gayle 

Pursuant
to the terms of an employment agreement dated March 16, 2017, the Company employs Ms. Gayle as its Chief Executive Officer on a full-time
basis and a member of its Board of Directors. Effective July 1, 2019, Ms. Gayle s annual salary was revised from 230,000 to 305,000.
She is also entitled to an annual performance bonus of up to 100,000, upon achieving certain targets that are to be defined on an annual
basis. The agreement provides for 30 days of paid vacation in addition to public holidays observed in Denmark where she is resident. 

The
agreement has no definitive term and may be terminated upon twelve months prior written notice by Ms. Gayle. In the event that
the Company terminates her at any time without cause, she is entitled to a payment equal to her annual salary as well as a separation
bonus of 150,000. The Company may terminate the agreement for cause, immediately and without notice. Among others, for cause 
includes gross misconduct, a serious or repeated breach of the agreement and negligence and incompetence as reasonably determined by
the Company s Board. The agreement includes a 12-month non-compete and non-solicitation provision. 

Blair
Cunningham 

Under
the terms of an employment contract dated January 1, 2013, our wholly owned subsidiary Coda Octopus Products, Inc. employs Blair Cunningham
as its Chief Executive Officer and President of Technology. He is being paid an annual base salary of 200,000 with effect from January
1, 2020, subject to review by the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Since January 2022, Mr. Cunningham s annual base salary was revised
to 225,000 per annum. Mr. Cunningham is entitled to 25 vacation days in addition
to any public holiday. 

The
agreement may be terminated only upon twelve-month prior written notice without cause. The Company may terminate the agreement for cause,
immediately and without notice. Among others, for cause includes gross misconduct, a serious or repeated breach of the
agreement and negligence and incompetence as reasonably determined by the Company s Board. The agreement includes an 18-month non-compete
and non-solicitation provision. 

Nathan
Parker 

Pursuant
to the terms of an Employment Agreement dated May 24, 2022, Nathan Parker was appointed the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
commencing July 6, 2021. The Employment Agreement provides for an annual base salary of 230,000. As a further inducement, he was
paid 20,000 signing on bonus which is subject to a claw back in the event that he leaves his position within 12 months of
inception. He was also granted restricted stock units having a value of 50,000 out of the Company s 2017 Stock Incentive Plan
that vest in three equal annual instalments commencing on the first anniversary of grant. 

The
agreement may be terminated by the Company at any time. In the event that the Company terminates the employment agreement for whatever
reason, the following severance payments apply: 

Year
 1 of employment 
 1
 Month Base Salary 

Year
 2 of employment 
 2
 Month Base Salary 

Year
 3 of employment 
 6
 Months Base Salary 

The
agreement includes an 18-month non-compete and non-solicitation provision. 

Kevin
Kane 

Pursuant
to the terms of an Employment Agreement dated May 7, 2021, as amended and modified, Kevin Kane was appointed the Chief Executive Officer
of Colmek commencing July 6, 2021. The Employment Agreement provides for an annual base salary of 200,000. He will also be eligible
for an annual performance bonus based on the Company s financial performance. Assuming that the Company meets its targets during
the current fiscal year, Mr. Kane will be paid a performance bonus of 12,000. As a further inducement, he was granted 15,000 restricted
stock units out of the Company s 2017 Stock Incentive Plan that vest in three equal annual instalments commencing on the first
anniversary of grant. 

The
agreement may be terminated by the Company at any time. In the event that
the Company terminates the employment agreement for whatever reason, the following severance payments apply: 

Year
 1 of employment 
 One Month 

Year
 2 of employment 
 Three Months 

Year
 3 of employment 
 Six Months 

The
agreement includes a 12-month non-compete and non-solicitation provision. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics for all our employees, including our chief executive officer, principal financial officer and principal
accounting officer or controller, and/or persons performing similar functions, which is available on our website, under the link entitled
 Code of Ethics . 

42 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
Summary Compensation Table shows certain compensation information for services rendered for the fiscal years ended October 31,
2022 and 2021, by our executive officers. The following information includes the dollar value of base salaries, bonus awards, stock options
grants and certain other compensation, if any, whether paid or deferred. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 

) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Annmarie Gayle 
 2022 
 305,000 
 100,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 405,000 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 305,000 
 100,000 

-0- 
 405,000 

Michael Midgley 
 2022 
 89,852 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 10,447 
 100,299 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 193,846 
 -0- 
 26,400 
 -0- 
 16,633 
 236,879 

Kevin Kane 
 2022 
 200,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 19,601 
 219,601 
 
 Divisional Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 86,615 
 -0- 
 132,000 
 -0- 
 431 
 219,046 

Blair Cunningham 
 2022 
 219,231 
 6,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 22,541 
 247,772 
 
 President of Technology 
 2021 
 213,160 
 -0- 
 26,400 
 -0- 
 20,857 
 260,417 

Nathan Parker 
 2022 
 79,615 
 20,000 
 50,000 
 -0- 
 2,532 
 152,147 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

The
amounts described in the category of All Other Compensation comprise Health, Dental, Vision, Short Term Disability, Long
Term Disability and Accidental Death and Dismemberment insurance premiums which the Company contributed to the officers identified
plan. 

Mike Midgley retired from his position as Chief Financial Officer in June
30,2022. 

Mr. Nathan Parker took over as Chief Financial Officer of the Company in June 2022. 

Grants
of restricted stock awards as of October 31, 2022 

Name 
 Grant
 Date 
 All
 other restricted awards; number of securities underlying restricted stock awards 
 Exercise
 or base price of restricted stock awards 
 Grant
 date fair value of restricted stock awards 
 
 Kevin
 Kane 
 6/9/2021 
 10,000 
 8.80 
 88,000 
 
 Blair
 Cunningham 
 6/9/2021 
 3,000 
 8.80 
 26,400 
 
 Nathan
 Parker 
 6/1/2022 
 9,506 
 5.26 
 50,000 

Outstanding
option awards at October 31, 2022 

Option
 Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number
 of securities underlying unexercised 
 options
 exercisable 
 Number
 of securities underlying unexercised 
 options
 unexercisable 
 Exercise
 or base price of option swards 
 Option
 
expiration date 
 
 Annmarie
 Gayle 
 66,667 
 - 
 4.62 
 3/23/2023 
 
 Blair
 Cunningham 
 50,000 
 - 
 4.62 
 3/23/2023 

43 

Option
exercises for October 31, 2022 

Option
 Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number
 of shares acquired on exercise 
 Value
 realized on exercise 
 
 Annmarie
 Gayle 
 - 
 - 
 
 Michael
 Midgley 
 4,818 
 26,065 
 
 Blair
 Cunningham 
 - 
 - 

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION 

The
following table sets forth the compensation paid to each of our directors (who are not also officers of the Company) for the fiscal year
ended October 31, 2022, in connection with their services to the company. In accordance with the SEC s rules, the table omits columns
showing items that are not applicable. Except as set forth in the table, no other persons were paid any compensation for director services. 

Name 
 Fees
 Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock
 Awards ) 
 Total
 ) 
 
 Michael
 Hamilton 
 40,000 
 - 
 40,000 
 
 Captain
 J Charles Plumb 
 40,000 
 - 
 40,000 
 
 Mary
 Losty 
 40,000 
 - 
 40,000 
 
 Tyler
 G Runnels 
 40,000 
 
 40,000 

Stock
Incentive Plans 

The
Company has two active Stock Incentive Plans - 2017 Stock Incentive Plan and 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. 

2017
Stock Incentive Plan 

On
December 6, 2017, the Board of Directors adopted the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan ). The purpose of the Plan
is to advance the interests of the Company and its stockholders by enabling the Company and its subsidiaries to attract and retain qualified
individuals through opportunities for equity participation in the Company, and to reward those individuals who contribute to the Company s
achievement of its economic objectives. The Plan was adopted subject to stockholders approval. This Plan was approved by Stockholders
at its meeting held on July 24, 2018. 

The
maximum number of shares of Common Stock that will be available for issuance under the Plan is 913,612. The shares available for issuance
under the Plan may, at the election of the Committee, be either treasury shares or shares authorized but unissued, and, if treasury shares
are used, all references in the Plan to the issuance of shares will, for corporate law purposes, be deemed to mean the transfer of shares
from treasury. 

The
Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors which has the authority to determine all provisions of Incentive
Awards as the Committee may deem necessary or desirable and as consistent with the terms of the Plan, including, without limitation,
the following: (i) eligible recipients; (ii) the nature and extent of the Incentive Awards to be made to each Participant; (iii) the
time or times when Incentive Awards will be granted; (iv) the duration of each Incentive Award; and (v) the restrictions and other conditions
to which the payment or vesting of Incentive Awards may be subject. 

During
the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, the Company granted 64,687 restricted stock awards to purchase an aggregate of 64,687 shares
of common stock pursuant to the terms of the 2017 Plan to various eligible individuals. During the said period 16,981 restricted
stock awards were forfeited, and 5,467 units were converted into Treasury Stock and a further 53,733 vested and were issued to the
holders of these by the Company. During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, there were 39,834 Options forfeited. As a result, as of
October 31, 2022, there were 230,741 shares available for future issue under the 2017 Plan. 

2021
Stock Incentive Plan 

On
July 12, 2021, the Board of Directors adopted the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ). The 2021 Plan was approved
by the Company s stockholders at its meeting held on August 2, 2021. The 2021 Plan is identical to the 2017 in all material respects,
except that the number of shares available for issuance thereunder is 1,000,000. 

During
the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021, no grants were made under the 2021 Plan and there were 1,000,000 shares available for future
issue under the 2021 Plan. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Under
the Exchange Act, our directors, our executive officers, and any persons holding more than 10 of our common stock are required to report
their ownership of the common stock and any changes in that ownership to the SEC. To our knowledge, based solely on our review of the
copies of such reports received or written representations from certain reporting persons that no other reports were required, except
as set forth below, we believe that during our fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, no reports relating to our securities required to
be filed by current reporting persons were filed late. 

We
will continue monitoring Section 16 compliance by each of our directors and executive officers and will assist them where possible in
their filing obligations. 

44 

ITEM
12. SECURITIES OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth information as of January 16, 2023, regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock, based on information
provided by (i) each of our executive officers and directors; (ii) all executive officers and directors as a group; and (iii) each person
who is known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock. The percentage ownership in this table
is based on 10,942,353 shares issued and outstanding as of January 16, 2023. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the following table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all
shares of Common Stock that they beneficially own. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 
 Percent of Common Stock 
 
 Michael Hamilton 
 1,143 

Annmarie Gayle (2) 
 2,304,581 
 21.1 
 
 Nathan Parker (3) 
 -0- 
 n/a 
 
 Blair Cunningham (4) 
 52,298 

Kevin Kane (5) 
 5,000 

J. Charles Plumb 
 11,434 

Mary Losty 
 57,143 

Niels Sondergaard Carit Etlars Vej 17A 8700 Horsens Denmark 
 2,241,581 
 20.5 
 
 G. Tyler Runnels (6) 2049 Century Park East, Suite 320 Los Angeles, CA 90067 
 1,125,685 
 10.3 
 
 J. Steven Emerson (7) 1522 Ensley Avenue Los Angeles, CA 90024 
 1,168,232 
 10.7 
 
 Bryan Ezralow (8) 23622 Calabasas Rd. Suite 200 Calabasas, CA 91302 
 1,073,120 
 9.8 
 
 Tocqueville Asset Management LP 40 West 57th Street, 19th Floor New York, NY 10019 
 544,003 
 5.0 
 
 All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (Eight persons): 
 3,557,284 
 32.5 

Less than 1 . 

1) 
 Unless
 otherwise indicated, the address of all individuals and entities listed below is c/o Coda Octopus Group, Inc. 3300 S Hiawassee Rd,
 Suite 104-105, Orlando, Florida, 32835. 
 
 2) 
 Consists
 of 29,667 shares held by Ms. Gayle and 2,241,581 shares beneficially owned by Ms. Gayle s spouse, Niels Sondergaard. Ms. Gayle
 disclaims any beneficial ownership in those shares. Also includes 33,333 shares issuable upon exercise of options that will become
 exercisable within 60 days of the date hereof. 
 
 3) 
 Does
 not include 9,506 restricted stock units that vest in three equal annual installments commencing on June 13, 2023. 
 
 4) 
 Includes
 25,000 shares issuable upon exercise of currently exercisable options. 
 
 5) 
 Does
 not include 10,000 shares issuable upon excise of restricted stock award units that vest in two equal annual installments commencing
 on July 6, 2023. 
 
 6) 
 Includes
 859,331 shares held by the G. Tyler Runnels and Jasmine Niklas Runnels TTEES of The Runnels Family Trust DTD 1-11-2000 of which Mr.
 Runnels is a trustee; 227,700 shares held by T.R. Winston; 24,368 shares held by TRW Capital Growth Fund, Ltd.; and 14,286 shares
 held by Pangaea Partners. The Company has been advised that Mr. Runnels has voting and dispositive power with respect to all of these
 shares. 
 
 7) 
 Includes
 the following: 167,081 held by J. Steven Emerson IRA R/O II; 300,000 shares held by J. Steven Emerson Roth IRA; 49,328 shares held
 by the Brian Emerson IRA; 310,928 shares held by Emerson Partners; 180,250 shares held by 1993 Emerson Family Trust; 8,286 shares
 held by the Alleghany Meadows IRA; 8,286 shares held by the Jill Meadows IRA; and 144,073 shares held by the Emerson family Foundation.
 The Company has been advised that Mr. Emerson has voting and dispositive power with respect to all of these shares. 
 
 8) 
 Consists
 of 896,079 shares held by the Bryan Ezralow 1994 Trust u/t/d 12/22/1994; and 177,041 shares held by EZ MM B Holdings, LLC. According
 to filings made with the SEC, Mr. Ezralow has voting and dispositive power with respect to these shares. 

45 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

None
that are required to be reported herein. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees. The aggregate fees billed by Frazier Deeter, LLC, our principal accountants, for professional services rendered for the
audit and audit related services of the Company s annual financial statements for the last two fiscal years and for the
reviews of the financial statements included in the Company s Quarterly reports on Form 10-Q during the last two fiscal years
2022 and 2021 were 390,100 and 247,118 respectively. 

Tax
Fees. The Company did not engage its principal accountants to render any tax services to the Company during the last two fiscal years. 

All
Other Fees. The Company did not engage its principal accountants to render services to the Company during the last two fiscal years,
other than as reported above. 

Prior
to the Company s engagement of its independent auditor, such engagement is approved by the Company s Audit Committee. The
services provided under this engagement may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval
is generally provided for up to one year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is
generally subject to a specific budget. Pursuant to the Company s Audit Committee Charter, the independent auditors and management
are required to report to the Company s audit committee at least quarterly regarding the extent of services provided by the independent
auditors in accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date. The audit committee may also pre-approve
particular services on a case-by-case basis. All audit-related fees, tax fees and other fees incurred by the Company for the year ended
October 31, 2022, were approved by the Company s audit committee. 

46 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Plan
 and Agreement of Merger dated July 12, 2004 by and between Panda and Coda Octopus 
 
 3.1 
 
 Restated
 Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 3.1.1. 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 3.2 
 
 By-Laws

10.25 
 
 Deed
 of Amendment to Loan Note Transaction Documents dated October 31, 2015 by and between the Company and CCM Holdings LLC 
 
 10.26 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 10.27 
 
 Employment
 Contract between Coda Octopus Colmek, Inc. and Mike Midgley 
 
 10.28 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 10.29 
 
 Employment
 Contract dated January 1, 2013 between Coda Octopus Products, Inc. and Blair Cunningham 
 
 10.30 
 
 Deed
 of Amendment to Loan Note Transaction Documents dated October 17, 2016 by and between the Company and CCM Holdings LLC 
 
 10.31 
 
 Deed
 of Amendment to Loan Note Transaction Documents dated November 1, 2016 by and between the Company and CCM Holdings LLC 
 
 10.32 
 
 Employment
 Contract dated March 16, 2017 between the Company and Annmarie Gayle 
 
 10.33 
 
 Loan
 Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2017, by and between Coda Octopus Group, Inc., Coda Octopus Products, Inc., Coda Octopus Colmek,
 Inc. and HSBC Bank USA, N.A. 
 
 10.34 
 
 Form
 of Security Agreement, dated April 28, 2017 
 
 10.35 
 
 Promissory
 Note dated April 28, 2017 
 
 10.36 
 
 2017
 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 10.37 
 
 Employment Agreement dated May 7, 2021 between Coda Octopus Colme, Inc and Kevin Kane 
 
 10.38 
 
 2021
 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 14 
 
 Code
 of Ethics 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Frazier Deeter, LLC (filed herewith) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Chief Executive Office and Chief Financial Officer Certification 
 
 32 
 
 Certificate Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (SEC File No.143144) 

Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10. 

Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended October 31, 2007 

Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended October 31, 2010 

Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10/A filed March 29,2017 

Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 2, 2017 

Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10 for the year ended October 31, 2017 

Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Definitive Statement filed August 2, 2021 

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-K for the year
ended October 31, 2021 filed February 14, 2022 

47 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

DATE:
 January 30, 2023 
 CODA
 OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

/s/
 Annmarie Gayle 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

Each
person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Annmarie Gayle, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent,
with full power of substitution and re-substitution, severally, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this annual report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other
documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about
the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he/she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof. This power of attorney may be executed in counterparts. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Annmarie Gayle 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 January
 30, 2023 
 
 Annmarie
 Gayle 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Nathan Parker 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 January
 30, 2023 
 
 Nathan
 Parker 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Michael Hamilton 
 
 Director 
 
 January
 30, 2023 
 
 Michael
 Hamilton 

/s/
 Captain Charlie Plumb 
 
 Director 
 
 January
 30, 2023 
 
 Charlie
 Plumb 

/s/
 Mary Losty 
 
 Director 
 
 January
 30, 2023 
 
 Mary
 Losty 

/s/
 G. Tyler Runnels 
 
 Director 
 
 January
 30, 2023 

48 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

PAGE 

REPORT
 OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 F-1 

CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS AS OF OCTOBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 F-2 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 F-4 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY FOR THE YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 F-5 

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 F-6 

NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-7 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Coda
Octopus Group, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Coda Octopus Group, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as
of October 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, changes in stockholders 
equity, and cash flows for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their operations and cash flows for the years then ended
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required
to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit
matters. 

/s/

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 

January 30,
 2023 

PCAOB ID 

F- 1 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT
 ASSETS 

Cash 

Accounts
 Receivable 

Inventory 

Unbilled
 Receivables 

Prepaid
 Expenses 

Other
 Current Assets 

Total
 Current Assets 

FIXED
 ASSETS 

Property
 and Equipment, net 

OTHER
 ASSETS 

Goodwill
 and Other Intangibles, net 

Deferred
 Tax Asset 

Total
 Other Assets 

Total
 Assets 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 2 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets (Continued) 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT
 LIABILITIES 

Accounts
 Payable 

Accrued
 Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 

Note
 Payable 
 - 

Deferred
 Revenue 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

LONG
 TERM LIABILITIES 

Deferred
 Revenue, less current portion 

Total
 Long-Term Liabilities 

Total
 Liabilities 

STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

Common
 Stock, par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2022, and shares
 issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2021 

Treasury
 Stock 
 
 - 
 
 Additional
 Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Loss 

Accumulated
 Deficit 

Total
 Stockholders Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 

2022 
 2021 

Year
 Ended October 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net
 Revenues 

Cost
 of Revenues 

Gross
 Profit 

OPERATING
 EXPENSES 

Research
 Development 

Selling,
 General Administrative 

Total
 Operating Expenses 

INCOME
 FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER
 INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Other
 Income 

Interest
 Expense 

Total
 Other Income 

INCOME
 BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE 

INCOME
 TAX (EXPENSE) BENEFIT 

Current
 Tax Expense 

Deferred
 Tax Benefit (Expense) 

Total
 Income Tax Expense 

NET
 INCOME 

NET INCOME PER SHARE: 

Basic 

Diluted 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE
 SHARES: 

Basic 

Diluted 

NET
 INCOME 

Foreign
 Currency Translation Adjustment 

Total
 Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

COMPREHENSIVE
 INCOME 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

 For
the Year s Ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 

Accumulated 

Additional 
 Other 

Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Treasury 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income
 (Loss) 
 Deficit 
 Stock 
 Total 

Balance,
 October 31, 2020 

- 

Employee
 stock based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock
issued for options exercised 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Consultant
 stock based compensation 

- 
 - 
 - 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net
 Income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance,
October 31, 2021 

- 

Employee
 stock based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock
 issued for options exercised 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Treasury
 Stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 Income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance,
 October 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

2022 
 2021 

Year
 Ended October 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH
 FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net
 income 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Stock
 based compensation 

Deferred
 income taxes 

Funding
 from Paycheck Protection Program recognized as income 
 - 

(Increase)
 decrease in operating assets: 

Accounts
 receivable 

Inventory 

Unbilled
 receivables 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Other
 current assets 

Increase
 (decrease) in operating liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable and other current liabilities 

Deferred
 revenue 

Net
 Cash Provided by Operating Activities 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchases
 of property and equipment 

Purchases
 of other intangible assets 

Net
 Cash Used in Investing Activities 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Repayment
 of notes 

Proceeds
 from Paycheck Protection Program 
 - 

Purchase
 of treasury stock 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities 

EFFECT
OF CURRENCY TRANSLATION ON CHANGES IN CASH 

NET
 INCREASE IN CASH 

CASH
 AT THE BEGINNING OF THE YEAR 

CASH
 AT THE END OF THE YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL
 CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash
 paid for interest 

Cash
 paid for taxes 
 
 - 

SUPPLEMENTAL NONCASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of
 property and equipment previously held in escrow, included in prepaid expenses as of October 31, 2021 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

for both October 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

for equipment and 
years for buildings. Our accounting policy regarding our rental assets allocated for rentals by our Products Business is to allocate 
of depreciation in the period to Cost of Goods Sold. 

We
own substantially all our facilities and believe that the effect of adopting Accounting Standards Codification 842,
 Leases , has been immaterial. 

and for the years ended October
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Work
 in progress 

Finished
 goods 

Total
 Inventory 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

h.
Revenue Recognition (Continued) 

Topic
606 has established a five-step process to determine the amount of revenue to record from contracts with customers. The five steps are: 

Determine
 if we have a contract with a customer; 

Determine
 the performance obligations in that contract; 

Determine
 the transaction price; 

Allocate
 the transaction price to the performance obligations; and 

Determine
 when to recognize revenue. 

Our
revenues are earned under formal contracts with our customers and are derived from both sales and rental of underwater technologies and
equipment for real time 3D imaging, mapping, defense and survey applications and from the engineering services which we provide primarily
to prime defense contractors. Our contracts do not include the possibility for additional contingent consideration so that our determination
of the contract price does not involve having to consider potential additional variable consideration. Our sales do not include a right
of return by the customer. 

With
regard to our Marine Technology Business Products Business ), all of our products are sold on a stand-alone basis and those
market prices are evidence of the value of the products. To the extent that we also provide services (e.g., installation, training, post-sales
technical support etc.), those services are either included as part of the product or are subject to written contracts based on the stand-alone
value of those services. Revenue from the sale of services is recognized when those services have been provided to the customer and evidence
of the provision of those services exist. 

Revenue
derived from either our subscription package offerings or rental of our equipment is recognized when performance obligations are met,
in particular, on a daily basis during the subscription or rental period. 

For
arrangements with multiple performance obligations, we recognize product revenue by allocating the transaction revenue to each performance
obligation based on the relative fair value of each deliverable and recognize revenue when performance obligations are met including
when equipment is delivered, and for rental of equipment, when installation and other services are performed. 

Our
contracts sometimes require customer payments in advance of revenue recognition and are recognized as revenue when the Company has fulfilled
its obligations under the respective contracts. Until such time, we recognize this prepayment as deferred revenue. 

For
software license sales for which any services rendered are not considered distinct to the functionality of the software, we recognize
revenue upon delivery of the software. 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

h.
Revenue Recognition (Continued) 

With
respect to revenues related to our Services Business, there are contracts in place that specify the fixed hourly rate and other reimbursable
costs to be billed based on material and direct labor hours incurred and, revenue is recognized on these contracts based on material
and the direct labor hours incurred. Revenues from fixed-price contracts are recognized on the percentage-of-completion method, measured
by the percentage of costs incurred (materials and direct labor hours) to date to estimated total services (materials and direct labor
hours) for each contract. This method is used as we consider expenditures for direct materials and labor hours to be the best available
measure of progress on these contracts. 

On
a quarterly basis, we examine all our fixed-price contracts to determine if there are any losses to be recognized during the period.
Any such loss is recorded in the quarter in which the loss first becomes apparent based upon costs incurred to date and the estimated
costs to complete as determined by experience from similar contracts. Variations from estimated contract performance could result in
adjustments to operating results. 

Recoverability
of Deferred Costs 

In
accordance with Topic 606, we defer costs on projects for service revenue. Deferred costs consist primarily of incremental direct costs
to customize and install systems, as defined in individual customer contracts, including costs to acquire hardware and software from
third parties and payroll costs for our employees and other third parties. The pricing of these service contracts is intended to provide
for the recovery of these types of deferred costs over the life of the contract. 

We
recognize such costs in accordance with our revenue recognition policy by contract. For revenue recognized under the percentage of completion
method, costs are recognized as products are delivered or services are provided in accordance with the percentage of completion calculation.
For revenue recognized over time, costs are recognized ratably over the term of the contract, commencing on the date of revenue recognition.
At each quarterly balance sheet date, we review deferred costs, to ensure they are ultimately recoverable. 

Any
anticipated losses on uncompleted contracts are recognized when evidence indicates the estimated total cost of a contract exceeds its
estimated total revenue. 

Deferred
Commissions 

Our
incremental direct costs of obtaining a contract, which consists of sales commissions are deferred and amortized over the period of the
contract performance. We classify deferred commissions as current or noncurrent based on the timing of when we expect to recognize the
expense. The current and noncurrent portions of deferred commissions are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets, and other
assets, net, respectively, in our consolidated balance sheets. As of October 31, 2022 and 2021, we had deferred commissions of 
for each year . Amortization expense related to deferred commissions
was and
 in
the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

h.
Revenue Recognition (Continued) 

Other
Revenue Disclosures 

See
Note 13 Disaggregation of Revenue for a breakdown of revenues from external customers and cost of those revenues between our
Product Segment and Services Segment including information on the split of revenues by geography. 

and as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Our
Deferred Revenue of and as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, consists of billings in excess of costs and
revenues received as part of our warranty obligations upon completing a sale, as elaborated further in the last paragraph of this note. 

Revenue
received as part of sales of equipment includes a provision for warranty or through life support (TLS) and is treated as deferred revenue,
along with extended warranty sales or TLS, which may be purchased by customers. These amounts are amortized over the relevant warranty
or TLS period (12 months is our standard warranty or 24, 36 or 60 months for TLS) from the date of sale. These amounts are stated on
the consolidated balance sheets as a component of Deferred Revenue and were and as of October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

. The Company
amortizes its intangible assets using the straight-line method over their estimated period of benefit. We periodically evaluate the recoverability
of goodwill and intangible assets and take into account events or circumstances that warrant revised estimates of useful lives or that
indicate that impairment exists. 

Step
1 of the goodwill impairment test, used to identify potential impairment, compares the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying
amount, including goodwill. If the fair value, which is based on future cash flows, exceeds the carrying amount, goodwill is not considered
impaired. The Company has adopted Accounting Standards Codification 2017 04, simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment, which
permits the Company to impair the difference between carrying amounts in excess of the fair value of the reporting unit as the reduction
in goodwill. 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

l.
Goodwill and Intangible Assets (Continued) 

At
the end of each year, we evaluate goodwill on a separate reporting unit basis to assess recoverability, and impairments, if any, are
recognized in earnings. An impairment loss would be recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount of the reporting
unit over the fair value of the reporting unit. 

There
were impairment charges recognized during the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021. 

and , respectively.
The aggregate transaction losses were recorded in SG A. 

impairment loss was recognized during the years ended
October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

months and is based on the employee s continuous
service to the Company. In addition, the Company has issued Restricted Stock Awards (RSA) The vesting period is between 6 and 36 months and is based on the employee s/consultant s
continued service for the vesting period. Prior to vesting, the awards are subject to forfeiture in the whole or in part under certain
circumstances. We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value for equity instruments granted to employees. 

Denominator: 

Basic
 weighted average common shares outstanding 

Unused
 portion of options and restricted stock awards 

Diluted
 outstanding shares 

Net
 income per share 

Basic 

Diluted 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

Employee Retention Credits payroll tax credits 

Other Income 

Total Other Income, net 

years) 

Non-compete agreements (weighted average life of years) 

Patents and other (weighted average life of years) 

Total identifiable intangible assets - gross carrying value 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Total intangible assets, net 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
4 GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued) 

Amortization
of patents, customer relationships, non-compete agreements and licenses included as a charge to income amounted to and 
for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Totals 

Coda Octopus Products, Ltd 

Coda Octopus Martech, Ltd 

Total Goodwill 

Considerable
management judgment is necessary to estimate the fair value of goodwill. Based on various market factors and projections used by management,
actual results could vary significantly from management s estimates. 

The
Company s policy is to test its goodwill balances for impairment on an annual basis, as of October 31, or more frequently if
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. 

Based
on these evaluations, the fair value of reporting unit exceeds its carrying value. As such no impairment was recorded by management. 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

Land 

Office
 machinery and equipment 

Rental
 assets 

Furniture,
 fixtures and improvements 

Totals 

Less:
 accumulated depreciation 

Total
 Property and Equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 was and respectively. 

Other
 Tax Receivables 
 
 - 
 
 Employee
 Retention Credit Receivables 

Total
 Other Current Assets 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

shares of common stock for the exercise of Options which were
issued under the Company s 2017 Plan. 

On
July 20, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to consultants for services rendered. These shares had a fair value of
 . 

During
the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021, the Company granted under its 2017 Plan restricted stock awards to purchase an aggregate of 
shares of common stock pursuant to the terms of the Plan to various eligible individuals. As a result, as of October 31, 2021, there
were shares available under the 2017 Plan. There were forfeitures of and options during the years ended October 31,
2021 and 2020, respectively. 

During
the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the 2017 Plan, the Company granted restricted stock awards of shares
of common stock to various eligible individuals and also issued 
shares of common stock for awards that had vested in the said fiscal year. 
restricted stock grant awards were forfeited, and 
units were converted into Treasury Stock. Further, shares of common stock were issued in respect of the exercise of 
Options. As a result, as of October 31, 2022, there were shares
available under the 2017 Plan. 

At the year ended October 31, 2022, there were shares available
under the 2021 Plan. 

The following tables presents Options and Restricted
Stock Award activities for the years ended October 31, 2022, and 2021 and shows the Company s outstanding obligations for Options and Restricted
Stock Awards for the said years. 

The
intrinsic value of the outstanding options as of October 31, 2022 was and for October 31, 2021. 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
7 CAPITAL STOCK (Continued) 

- 
 - 

Granted 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Vested 
 - 

Exercised 

- 

Forfeited or cancelled 

- 
 - 

Outstanding at October 31, 2021 

- 

Granted 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Vested 
 - 

Exercised 

- 

Forfeited or cancelled 

- 

Outstanding at October 31, 2022 

Aggregate Intrinsic Value October 31, 2021 

Aggregate Intrinsic Value October 31, 2022 

The
total expense recognized by the Company relating to stock options during the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was
 and . Unamortized compensation expense in future years is . 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
7 CAPITAL STOCK (Continued) 

- 

Vested 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Treasury Stock 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Forfeited or cancelled 

- 

Outstanding at October 31, 2021 

- 

Granted 

- 

Vested 

- 
 
 ) 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Treasury Stock 

) 

Forfeited or cancelled 

- 

- 

Outstanding at October 31, 2022 

- 

The
total expense recognized by the Company relating to restricted stock awards during the year ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 was 
and , respectively. The expense in future years is . 

All
Stock Options and Restricted Stock Awards have been made pursuant to the 2017 Plan. 

Total
stock compensation expense from issued shares, stock options and restricted stock awards is . 

Preferred
Stock 

Series
A and Series C Preferred Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. We had previously designated
 preferred shares as Series A preferred stock and preferred shares as Series C preferred stock. Both series have since been
eliminated and as of October 31, 2022, there were no shares of Preferred Stock issued or outstanding. 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

Current state income tax expense 
 
 - 
 
 Foreign tax (benefit) expense 

Total current tax expense 

Deferred federal (benefit) expense 

Deferred Tax (Benefit) Expense 

Total Income Tax Expense 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
8 - INCOME TAXES (Continued) 

R D Relief 

Change in valuation allowance 

Foreign tax (benefit) expense 

State Income Tax 

Total 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 

Deferred Revenue 
 
 - 

Restricted Stock Awards 

Book/Tax Depreciation 

Foreign fixed assets 

Foreign NOL carryforwards 

Total 

Valuation allowance 

Total Deferred Asset 

As
of October 31, 2022, we had no remaining U.S. federal net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards. 

The
Company has filed tax returns for federal, state, and foreign jurisdictions. The Company s evaluation of uncertain tax matters
was performed for the tax years ended October 31, 2022, and 2021. The Company has elected to retain its existing accounting policy with
respect to the treatment of interest and penalties attributable to income taxes and continues to reflect interest and penalties attributable
to income taxes, to extent they arise, as a component of its income tax provision or benefit as well as its outstanding income tax assets
and liabilities. The Company believes that its income tax positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate
any adjustments to result in a material change to its financial position. 

The
Company s UK Operations, under the applicable UK tax rules, have certain trading losses (referred to in this disclosure as NOL
carryforwards ). Under the applicable UK tax rules, any trading tax losses incurred from 2017 up to and including the current fiscal
year can be surrendered for group relief to offset or reduce current year profits and tax liability in any of our UK Operations. Any
tax losses before 2017 in a UK entity can only be used in the entity to which it pertains. The tax losses are available indefinitely
unless the nature of the business with the trading loss benefit changes substantially. Under UK tax rules, the UK entities are also eligible
for R D Tax Credit. The UK Products Business in any one FY performs significant R D work due to the nature of its business (researching
and developing products and solutions). In the 2022 FY, we were eligible to deduct (an equivalent of USD ,)
as R D tax expenses from our taxable income, thus negating any tax liability of the UK Operations in the Current FY. Our UK Operations
have m in NOL carryforwards, m of which can be used by the UK entity in which the trading loss was created and M can be
used by any or all UK entities. This applies indefinitely unless the business activities undertaken change substantially. 

A
valuation allowance is required for deferred tax assets, if based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that that all or
some portion of the asset will not be realized due to the inability to generate sufficient taxable income in the future. The deferred
tax losses refer to timing of asset allowance in the UK. As we are generally able to offset most taxes with brought forward trading losses,
R D tax credit to offset profits expected to be ongoing and ability to utilize such reliefs within between entities then we do not
foresee being able to utilize those deferred tax assets in the near future. 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

per annum. Monthly repayment obligation
 under this loan was (comprising both principal and interest repayment). The Loan reached maturity and was repaid in full
 in 
 - 

. 
 
 Total 
 - 

Less:
 current portion 
 - 

Total
 Long Term Note Payable 
 - 
 - 

The HSBC Loan was repaid in full in December 2021. 

The
Company entered into a 
revolving line of credit facility with HSBC NA on November 27, 2019, with the interest rate established as the applicable prime
rate. This revolving line of credit facility is subject to annual renewal and has been extended to November 2023. We have not
utilized this line of credit and the outstanding balance on the line of credit was 
as of October 31, 2022 and 2021. 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

and for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Total other comprehensive income (loss) for the year - foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance, end of year 

, or of net revenues during the period. Total accounts receivable from this customer as of October
31, 2021 was or of accounts receivable. 

of employee compensation, subject to IRS contribution limits. U.S. employees who have at least six months of service with the
Company are eligible. In addition, the Company s UK subsidiaries operate statutory pension schemes which provide for the
payment of certain contribution by the Company and the Employee. These schemes in the UK operate on a defined contribution money
purchase basis and the contributions are charged to operations as they arise. Finally, the Company is obligated to provide pension
funding according to the laws in which it operates including in both Denmark and Australia. The Company has an arrangement that
fulfills this requirement. Employee benefit costs for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 were 
and ,
respectively. 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
13 -SEGMENT ANALYSIS (Continued) 

- 

Cost
 of Revenues 

- 

Gross
 Profit 

- 

Research
 Development 

- 

Selling,
 General Administrative 

Total
 Operating Expenses 

Income
 (Loss) from Operations 

Other
 Income (Expense) 

Other
 Income 

Interest
 Expense 

Total
 Other Income 

Income
 (Loss) before Income Taxes 

Income
 Tax (Expense) Benefit 

Current
 Tax (Expense) Benefit 

Deferred
 Tax Benefit (Expense) 

Total
 Income Tax (Expense) Benefit 

Net
 Income (Loss) 

Supplemental
 Disclosures 

Total
 Assets 

Total
 Liabilities 

Revenues
 from Intercompany Sales - eliminated from sales above 

Depreciation
 and Amortization 

Purchases
 of Long-lived Assets 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
13 -SEGMENT ANALYSIS (Continued) 

Marine
 Technology Business (Products) 
 Marine
 Engineering Business (Services) 
 Overhead 
 Total 

Year
 Ended October 31, 2021 

Net
 Revenues 

- 

Cost
 of Revenues 

- 

Gross
 Profit 

- 

Research
 Development 

- 

Selling,
 General Administrative 

Total
 Operating Expenses 

Income
 (Loss) from Operations 

Other
 Income (Expense) 

Other
 Income 

Interest
 Expense 

Total
 Other Income (Expense) 

Income
 (Loss) before Income Taxes 

Income
 Tax (Expense) Benefit 

Current
 Tax Benefit (Expense) 

- 

Deferred
 Tax (Expense) Benefit 

Total
 Income Tax (Expense) Benefit 

Net
 Income (Loss) 

Supplemental
 Disclosures 

Total
 Assets 

Total
 Liabilities 

Revenues
 from Intercompany Sales - eliminated from sales above 

Depreciation
 and Amortization 

Purchases
 of Long-lived Assets 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

Europe 

Australia/Asia 
 
 - 

Middle
 East/Africa 

Total
 Revenues 

Major
 Goods/Service Lines 

Equipment
 Sales 

Equipment
 Rentals 
 
 - 

Software
 Sales 
 
 - 

Engineering
 Parts 
 - 

Services 

Total
 Revenues 

Goods
 transferred at a point in time 

Services
 transferred over time 

Total
 Revenues 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
14 - DISAGGREGATION OF REVENUE (Continued) 

For
 the Year Ended October 31, 2021 

Marine 
 Marine 

Technology 
 Engineering 
 Grand 

Business 
 Business 
 Total 
 
 Disaggregation of
 Total Net Sales 

Revenues 

Primary
 Geographical Markets 

Americas 

Europe 

Australia/Asia 
 
 - 

Middle
 East/Africa 
 
 - 

Total
 Revenues 

Major
 Goods/Service Lines 

Equipment
 Sales 

Equipment
 Rentals 
 
 - 

Software
 Sales 
 
 - 

Engineering
 Parts 
 - 

Services 

Total
 Revenues 

Goods
 transferred at a point in time 

Services
 transferred over time 

Total
 Revenues 

CODA
 OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

to payable on a monthly basis. Ms. Gayle is also entitled to an annual performance bonus of up to , upon achieving certain
targets that are to be defined on an annual basis. The agreement provides for 30 days of paid holidays in addition to public holidays
observed in Scotland. 

The
agreement has no definitive term and may be terminated only upon twelve months prior written notice by Ms. Gayle. In the event
that the Company terminates her at any time without cause, she is entitled to a payment equal to her annual salary as well as a separation
bonus of . The Company may terminate the agreement for cause, immediately and without notice. Among others, for cause 
includes gross misconduct, a serious or repeated breach of the agreement and negligence and incompetence as reasonably determined by
the Company s Board. The agreement includes a 12-month non-compete and non-solicitation provision. 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

NOTE
15 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued) 

Employment
Agreements (Continued) 

Blair
Cunningham 

Under
the terms of an employment contract dated January 1, 2013, our wholly owned subsidiary Coda Octopus Products, Inc. employs Blair Cunningham
as its Chief Executive Officer and President of Technology. He is being paid an annual base salary of with effect from January
1, 2020, subject to review by the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Cunningham s annual based salary was revised and is currently . He is entitled to 25 vacation days in addition
to any public holiday. 

The
agreement may be terminated only upon twelve-month prior written notice without cause. The Company may terminate the agreement for cause,
immediately and without notice. Among others, for cause includes gross misconduct, a serious or repeated breach of the
agreement and negligence and incompetence as reasonably determined by the Company s Board. The agreement includes an 18-month non-compete
and non-solicitation provision. 

Kevin
Kane 

Pursuant
to the terms of an Employment Agreement dated May 7, 2021, as amended and modified, Kevin Kane was appointed the Chief Executive Officer
of Colmek commencing July 6, 2021. The Employment Agreement provides for an annual base salary of . He will also be eligible
for an annual performance bonus based on the Company s financial performance. Subject to certain performance milestone during the
current fiscal year, Mr. Kane will be paid a performance bonus of . As a further inducement, he was granted restricted
stock units out of the Company s 2017 Stock Incentive Plan that vest in three equal annual instalments commencing on the first
anniversary of grant. 

The
agreement may be terminated by the Company at any time. In the event that the Company terminates the employment agreement for whatever
reason, the following severance payments apply: 

Year
 1 of employment 
 2
 Weeks 
 
 Year
 2 of employment 
 1
 Month 
 
 Year
 3 of employment 
 4
 Months 

The
agreement includes a 12-month non-compete and non-solicitation provision. 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE
15 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued) 

Michael
Midgley (retired in June 2022) 

Pursuant
to the terms of an employment agreement dated June 1, 2011, Mike Midgley was appointed the Chief Executive Officer of our wholly owned
subsidiary Coda Octopus Colmek, Inc. and our Chief Financial Officer. He is being paid an annual salary of subject to an annual
review by Colmek s Board of Directors and the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Midgley is entitled to 20 vacation days
in addition to any public holiday. 

Amendment
to Michael Midgley s Employment Agreement 

The
Company and Mr. Midgely entered into an agreement for the Amendment of his Employment Agreement on February 15, 2021. 

The
following amendments were made: 

Role 
 Chief
 Financial Officer of the Company. Removing the position of Divisional CEO of Coda Octopus Colmek. 
 
 Reduction
 in hours 
 Working
 hours reduced to approximately and his compensation reduced proportionally to . 
 
 Paid
 Time Off 
 Reduced
 proportionately and is now 12 days 
 
 Benefits 
 Reduced
 proportionately 

The
agreement may be terminated at any time upon 4 months prior written notice. The Company may terminate the agreement for cause, immediately
and without notice. Among others, for cause includes gross misconduct, a serious or repeated breach of the agreement and
negligence and incompetence as reasonably determined by the Company s Board. The agreement includes a 12-month non-compete and
non-solicitation provision. 

Mr.
Midgley retired from the company effective June 30, 2022. 

Nathan
Parker 

Pursuant
to the terms of an Employment Agreement dated May 10, 2022, Nathan Parker was appointed our Chief Financial Officer commencing June 6,
2022. The Employment Agreement provides for an annual base salary of .
As a further inducement, he was granted 
 restricted stock units out of the Company s
2017 Stock Incentive Plan that vest in three equal annual instalments commencing on the first anniversary of grant. Mr. Parker also received
a signing bonus of .
Mr. Parker is entitled to 20 vacation days in addition to any public holiday. 

The
Company may terminate the agreement at any time. In the event that the Company terminates the employment agreement for whatever reason,
the following severance payments apply: 

Year 1 of employment 
 1 Month Base
 Salary 
 
 Year 2 of employment 
 3 Months Base Salary 
 
 Year 3 of employment 
 6 Months Base Salary 

The
agreement includes a 12-month non-compete and non-solicitation provision. 

Litigation 

From
time to time, we may be a party to or be involved with legal proceedings, governmental investigations or inquires, claims or litigation
that are related to our business. We are not presently party to any legal proceedings the resolution of which we believe would have a
material adverse effect on our business or its financial condition. 

under the second round of the US Government Payroll Protection Program Second Round PPP for payroll assistance
during the Pandemic. The proceeds from the Second Round PPP have been used to pay US employees salaries during this period.
In the year ended October 31, 2021, the Company utilized all the 
of the Second Round PPP to retain employees. These loans were forgiven on June 14 and 22, 2021. This amount is recorded in our 2021
FY accounts as Other Income . No amounts were received in the 2022 FY under the PPP. 

CODA
OCTOPUS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 October
31, 2022 and 2021 

F- 33 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-224408; No. 333-233524; and No. 333-236029) and Form S-8 (No. 333-227704 and No. 333-260244) of Coda Octopus
Group, Inc. of our report dated January 30, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended
October 31, 2022 and 2021, of Coda Octopus Group, Inc. which are part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

/s/
 Frazier Deeter, LLC 

Frazier
 Deeter, LLC 

Tampa,
 Florida 

January 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION 

I,
Annmarie Gayle and Nathan Parker, certify that: 

1. 
 We
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Coda Octopus Group, Inc.: 

2. 
 Based
 on our knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on our knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and we are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and we have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 January 30, 2023 
 /s/
 Annmarie Gayle 

Date:
 January 30, 2023 
 /s/
 Nathan Parker 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex32.htm

Exhibit
32 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report of Coda Octopus Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31,
2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Annmarie Gayle, Chief Executive
Officer, and I, Nathan Parker, Chief Financial Officer, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that: 

(1)
This report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
 Annmarie Gayle 
 
 /s/
 Nathan Parker 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

Date:
 January 30, 2023 
 
 Date:
 January 30, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 coda-20221031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 coda-20221031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 coda-20221031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 coda-20221031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

