<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1533030_0001213900-23-022859.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6512147</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>321377</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1250560</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1538011</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1699041</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1535049</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-022859.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324171304
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-022859
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cryomass Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001533030
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CUTLERY, HANDTOOLS & GENERAL HARDWARE [3420]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56155
		FILM NUMBER:		23760763

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1001 BANNOCK STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 612
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80204
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-222-8092

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1001 BANNOCK STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 612
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80204

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Andina Gold Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200903

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Redwood Green Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20191018

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	First Colombia Development Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180502

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-022859.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_cryomasstec.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of incorporation) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

- 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

(Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

None 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

Common
Stock, par value 0.001 per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes No 

As
of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s last completed second quarter, the aggregate market value of the common
stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately , based on the June 30, 2022 closing price of the registrant s
common stock, as reported by OTC Markets, Inc. For the purposes of this disclosure, shares of common stock held by each executive officer,
director and stockholder known by the registrant to be affiliated with such individuals based on public filings and other information
known to the registrant have been excluded since such persons may be deemed affiliates. This determination of affiliate status for the
purpose is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

As
of March 21, 2023, the registrant had shares of its common stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I 

Item
 1 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A 
 Risk
 Factors 
 3 
 
 Item
 1B 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 14 
 
 Item
 2 
 Properties 
 14 
 
 Item
 3 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 14 
 
 Item
 4 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 14 

PART
 II 

Item
 5 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 
 
 Item
 6 
 [Reserved] 
 16 
 
 Item
 7 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 
 
 Item
 7A 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 24 
 
 Item
 8 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 24 
 
 Item
 9 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 24 
 
 Item
 9A 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 25 
 
 Item
 9B 
 Other
 Information 
 26 
 
 Item
 9C 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevents Inspections 
 26 

PART
 III 

Item
 10 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 27 
 
 Item
 11 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 33 
 
 Item
 12 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 44 
 
 Item
 13 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 45 
 
 Item
 14 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 45 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15 
 Exhibit
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 46 

Signatures 
 48 

i 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical facts. Because they discuss future
events or conditions, forward-looking statements may include words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, 
 intend, could, should, would, may, seek, plan, 
 might, will, expect, predict, project, forecast, 
 potential, continue , and negatives thereof or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are found
at various places throughout this Report and include information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations; business
strategies; future cash flows; financing plans; plans and objectives of management; any other statements regarding future operations,
future cash needs, business plans and future financial results, and any other statements that are not historical facts. 

Forward-looking
statements include, among others, risks relating to U.S. federal regulation, the variation in state regulation, risks relating to U.S.
regulatory landscape and enforcement related to cannabis, including political risks; risks relating to anti-money laundering laws and
regulation; risks relating to changes in cannabis laws and regulatory uncertainty; risks relating to legal, regulatory or political change;
risks relating to the market price and volatility of the cannabis sector; risks relating to the internal controls of the Company and
dilution; risks relating to the global economic condition; risks relating to the value of the common stock; tax and insurance related
risks; risks relating to the limited operating history of the Company and the reliance on the expertise and judgment of senior
management of the Company; risks relating to competition; risks relating to the difficulty in recruiting and retaining management
and key personnel and managing growth; risks relating to the unreliability of forecasts; risks relating to the inability to innovate
and find efficiencies; website and operational risks; risks relating to the reliance on third-party suppliers, manufacturers and contractors;
risks relating to revenue shortfalls; risks relating to the ability to obtain the necessary permits and authorizations; risks relating
to potential conflicts of interest; risks related to proprietary intellectual property and potential infringement by third parties; risks
relating to the lack of U.S. bankruptcy protection, currency fluctuations and lack of earnings and dividend record; risks relating to
anti-money laundering laws and regulation; risks relating to civil asset forfeiture; risks relating to the heightened scrutiny of investments
in the U.S.; risks relating to the ability and constraints on marketing products; risks relating to the settlements of trades, access
to banks and legality of contracts; risks relating to the unfavorable tax treatment of cannabis businesses in the U.S. and
the classification of the Company for U.S. tax purposes; risks relating to the public opinion, consumer acceptance and perception
of the cannabis industry; security risks; risks relating to litigation; risks inherent in an agricultural business; risks relating to
the Company s reliance on licenses; risks relating to product liability and product recall; risks relating to regulatory or
agency proceedings, investigations and audits; risks relating to the newly established legal regimes; and general economic risks as well
as those risk factors discussed under Risk Factors below. 

We
operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict
all of those risks, nor can we assess the impact of all of those risks on our business or the extent to which any factor may cause actual
results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K are based on assumptions management believes are reasonable. However, due to the uncertainties associated with forward-looking
statements, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Further, forward-looking statements speak only as
of the date they are made, and unless required by law, we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to publicly update any of
them in light of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

From
time to time, forward-looking statements also are included in our other periodic reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K, in our press releases,
in our presentations, on our website and in other materials released to the public. Any or all of the forward-looking statements included
in this Report and in any other reports or public statements made by us are not guarantees of future performance and may turn out to
be inaccurate. These forward-looking statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events
and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results
to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties
and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a
different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak
only as of the date of this Report. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in
this Report and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements
contained or referred to in this Report. 

We
assume no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required
by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 

Unless
expressly indicated or the context requires otherwise, the terms Cryomass Technologies, the Company, we, 
 us, and our refer to Cryomass Technologies Inc., a Nevada corporation, and, where appropriate, its wholly
owned subsidiaries. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1 BUSINESS 

Company
History 

Cryomass
Technologies Inc Cryomass Technologies or the Company began as Auto Tool Technologies Inc., which was incorporated
under the laws of the State of Nevada on May 10, 2011. The Company s name was changed to AFC Building Technologies Inc. effective
January 10, 2014. Effective April 26, 2018, the Company changed its name to First Colombia Development Corp. Effective October 14, 2019,
the Company changed its name to Redwood Green Corp. Effective September 1, 2020, the Company changed its name to Andina Gold Corp. On
July 15, 2021, the Company changed its name to Cryomass Technologies Inc and subsequently changed its trading symbol changed to CRYM. 

The
Company s principal office is located at 1001 Bannock St., Suite 612, Denver, CO 80204, and its telephone number is 303-416-7208.
The Company s website is www.cryomass.com. Information appearing on the website is not incorporated by reference into this report. 

On
May 10, 2018, the Company began to establish various business ventures in Colombia through its Colombian subsidiary, First Colombia Devco
S.A.S Devco ). 

On
July 1, 2019, the Company acquired 100 of the membership interests in General Extract, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company, in
exchange for the shares of Devco. The name of this subsidiary was subsequently changed to Cryomass LLC. 

On
July 15, 2019, the Company entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement to acquire cannabis-related intellectual property and
certain other assets, but not cannabis licenses, of Critical Mass Industries LLC CMI ), a Colorado limited liability company. 

Effective
December 31, 2021, the Company disposed of all CMI-related assets and extinguished any and all related obligations. Therefore, we determined
that CMI no longer qualifies as a variable interest entity VIE as of December 31, 2021. 

In
August 2020, the Company established a wholly owned Colombian subsidiary, Andina Gold Colombia SAS for this purpose acquiring gold properties
in Colombia. However, due to the untimely death of our top geologist, the Company determined that pursuit of gold exploration in Colombia
was no longer a practical alternative. In Q1 2022 the respective subsidiary was closed. 

On
June 22, 2021, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Cryocann USA Corp, a California corporation Cryocann ),
pursuant to which Company acquired substantially all the assets of Cryocann. The aggregate purchase price was 3,500,000 million in cash
and 10,000,000 shares of Company common stock. As part of the Cryocann Acquisition, we retained both Cryocann employees, who have expert
knowledge of the industry, related participants, customers and the acquired patented technology. Under their employment agreements, each
employee may receive compensation if specific performance targets are met in association with our future operating performance when the
Cryocann technology enters the market. The technology and assets acquired from Cryocann are operated from the Company s subsidiary,
Cryomass LLC. The patented cryo-mechanical technology is for the separation of plant materials in the harvesting of hemp and cannabis,
and potentially other high value crops such as hops. We believe this technology will reduce processing costs and increases the quality
of extracted compounds. We are exploring the application of the underlying technology to a broad range of industries that handle high-value
materials and that could benefit from our precision capture methods. We anticipate that cannabis and hemp will be the first in a series
of such industries. 

To
develop and commercialize the technology, we contracted with an independent engineering and manufacturing firm to refine the design of
our cryo-mechanical system for the handling of harvested hemp, cannabis and other high-value plants. The system exploits CryoMass s
U.S.-patented process for the controlled application of liquid nitrogen to stabilize and separate the structural elements of gross plant
material. The device currently under development is scaled for highway transportability and is being optimized for the low-cost collection
of fully intact hemp and cannabis trichomes. It can be used within minutes after plants have been cut and can also efficiently capture
trichomes from fresh frozen or even dried plant parts, including trim. The device s through-put capacity is expected to be approximately
600 kilograms of gross plant material per hour. The advanced design for the equipment has been completed, and testing of a
prototype machine is currently underway. The engineering and manufacturing firm has indicated that it has the capacity to build 10 to
15 such devices per month. 

1 

Canadian
Patent no. 3 064 896 Cryogenic Separation of Plant Material was filed on May 25, 2018 by two assignors, who assigned it,
among other, various other intellectual property rights, to a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company as part of the Cryocann June 22,
2021 transaction. The respective Canadian patent was granted on April 19, 2022. Provided that all patent maintenance fees are paid, the
Canadian patent no. 2 064 896 will expire on May 25, 2038. 

In
September 2021, we were granted an additional patent for our process from the Chinese Intellectual Property Office. We currently
are taking steps to gain further protection for our intellectual property through the European Union Intellectual Property Office and
several other international jurisdictions. 

Management
believes the CryoMass system will deliver a compelling combination of cost and time savings while enhancing product quality
and quantity for largescale cultivators and processors of hemp and cannabis. The use of a CryoMass system which
can be trucked to and operated on the fields of most large hemp and cannabis growers or be permanently installed at a user s processing
facility should eliminate many of the costs that come with traditional practices, especially the labor, fuel and capital
costs of drying and curing hemp or cannabis that is grown for the extraction of end products. With traditional practices, harvested
plants are transported to a specially constructed drying house and then treated for a week or longer under controlled conditions of temperature
and humidity. It s a costly method. With our system, harvested plants are simply fed into the front end of a CryoMass machine,
and minutes later fully intact trichomes are collected at the back end of the machine. With traditional practices and their seven-to-ten
days of handling and drying, a large share of a plant s valuable trichomes break off and are lost. Then the remaining trichomes
are damaged by long exposure to oxygen and by the evaporation of their volatile terpenes. The CryoMass system, on the other
hand, stabilizes and collects fully intact trichomes at harvest, leaving no opportunity for such wasteful loss. Field-captured trichomes
are the cleanest element of a hemp or cannabis plant because, unlike the rest of the plant, trichomes do not readily take up heavy metals, pesticides or
other common soil contaminants. As a product for end-users, field-captured trichomes are closest to being contaminant free. As feedstock
for manufacturers of extracts and oils, they are the key to the purest products possible. 

Because
the trichomes collected with CryoMass technology represent only 10 or so of a plant s weight and volume, they are cheaper
to ship and store than gross plant material. For the same reason and because trichomes are free of the waxes and other unwanted
materials found in the rest of the plant, processing trichomes into oils and extracts can be far quicker, cheaper and easier
than processing gross plant material. Even trichomes captured from dried or frozen plant parts deliver this cost-saving advantage to
processors of oils and extracts. The three-dimensional advantage achievable with the CryoMass system first-stage
cost savings, product enhancement and downstream cost savings can as much as double a crop s wholesale value. And in some
jurisdictions, users may enjoy a reduction in excise taxes levied on cannabis and hemp harvests, which typically are tied to the gross
weight of hemp or cannabis that is removed from the field. 

On
November 17, 2021, we announced the completion of a 10.3 million equity financing. The financing and the earlier conversion of
substantially all the company s debt into common stock left the Company with adequate resources for our planned business development. In
connection with the financing, 1,010,000 shares and 760,000 shares of CryoMass Technologies common stock were purchased by
CEO Christian No l and Chairman of the Board Delon Human, respectively, either individually or through entities controlled by them. 

Market
Size 

Production
and processing of hemp and cannabis is a huge, worldwide industry. In the U.S., for example, the wholesale value of the cannabis crop
from just the 11 states permitting adult-use and medical cannabis exceeds 6 billion annually.Growth in the U.S. and in the worldwide
market is likely fed in part by the growing acceptance of medicinal cannabis products and anticipated legislative changes in various
jurisdictions worldwide. 

Several
other high-value plants, including species that are important for health and wellness products, wrap their valuable elements in trichomes.
The technology we are developing for hemp and cannabis may have profitable application to those other species as well. 

2 

Recent
Developments 

The
Company recently signed a license and lease arrangement with RedTape Core Partners LLC RedTape to deploy multiple CryoMass
trichome separation units at the prospective partner s facility in California and other locations, with the intention of starting
commercial operations shortly. Under the terms of a multi-state license agreement, RedTape has licensed the patented process and will
deploy 12 Trichome Separation systems for a total upfront investment of US 10.2 million payable in installments to CryoMass throughout
2023. CryoMass has agreed to deliver the units to RedTape according to a schedule that extends over 24 months. In addition to the installments,
RedTape will pay CryoMass 50 of all net revenue generated by the units over the life of the agreement. The license agreement grants
RedTape the exclusive right, subject to agreed-upon distribution and licensing milestones, to distribute the Trichome Separation units
and develop the hemp and cannabis processing and extraction markets with CryoMass in states where RedTape has extensive affiliate business
operations and alliances. The five states covered by the agreement are California, New York, New Jersey, Florida and Pennsylvania. 

Available
Information 

Our
website address is https://cryomass.com. We do not intend our website address to be an active link or to otherwise incorporate by reference
the contents of the website into this report. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC maintains an internet
website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file
electronically with the SEC. 

ITEM
1A RISK FACTORS 

You
should carefully consider the risks described below together with all other information included in our public filings before making
an investment decision with regard to our securities. The statements contained in or incorporated into this Prospectus that are not historic
facts are forward- looking statements are subject to risks and 	uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those set forth in or implied by forward- looking statements. While the risks described below are the ones we believe are most important
for you to consider, these risks are not the only ones that we face. If any of the following events described in these risk factors actually
occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our Common Shares
could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

General
Risk Factors 

We
have a limited operating history in an evolving industry, which makes it difficult to accurately assess our future growth prospects. 

Although
we believe our management team has extensive knowledge of the cannabis and other relevant industries and closely monitors changes in
legislation, we also intend to provide equipment and services in an evolving environment that may not develop as expected. Furthermore,
our operations continue to evolve under our business plan as we continually assess new strategic opportunities for our business within
various areass. Assessing the future prospects of our business is challenging in light of both known and unknown risks and difficulties
we may encounter. Growth prospects in the industry can be affected by a wide variety of factors including: 

Competition
 from other similar companies; 

Regulatory
 limitations on the industry we primarily supply to (cannabis agriculture) we can offer and markets we can serve; 

Other
 changes in the regulation of cannabis and hemp grow, harvesting and processing; 

Changes
 in cannabis industry demand and consumer behavior, which may affect the size of the agricultural businesses we intend to serve; 

Our
 ability to access adequate financing on reasonable terms and our ability to raise additional capital in order to fund our operations; 

Challenges
 with new machinery, services and markets; and 

Fluctuations
 in the commodities markets. 

3 

We
may not be able to successfully address these factors, which could negatively impact our growth, harm our business and cause our operating
results to be worse than expected. 

Our
success depends on the introduction of new products, which requires substantial expenditures. 

Our
long-term results depend upon our ability to introduce and market new products successfully. The success of our new products will depend
on a number of factors, including: 

innovation; 

customer
 acceptance; 

the
 efficiency of our suppliers in providing component parts and of our contract manufacturing facilities in producing final products;
 and 

the
 performance and quality of our products relative to those of our competitors. 

We
cannot predict the level of market acceptance, or the amount of market share our new products will achieve. We may experience delays
in the introduction of new products. Any delays or other problems with our new product launches will adversely affect our performance.
In addition, introducing new products can result in decreases in revenues from our existing products. We expect to make substantial investments
in product development and refinement. We may need more funding for product development and refinement than is readily available, which
could adversely affect our business. 

We
face significant competition, and, if we are unable to compete successfully against other agricultural equipment manufacturers, we will
lose customers and our net sales and profitability will decline. 

The
agricultural equipment business is highly competitive, particularly in the United States. Established and substantially larger agricultural
equipment manufacturers, with substantially greater financial and other resources, have the capability to compete with us successfully.
Our competitors may substantially increase the resources devoted to the development and marketing of products that compete with our products.
In addition, competitive pressures in the agricultural equipment business may affect the market prices of new and used equipment, which,
in turn, may adversely affect our performance. 

We
will require significant additional capital to fund our business plan. 

The
Company will be required to expend significant funds to implement its business plan. The Company anticipates that it will be required
to make substantial capital expenditures for the manufacture of its equipment. 

The
Company s ability to obtain necessary funding for these purposes, in turn, depends upon a number of factors, including the status
of the national and worldwide economy and the financial markets and the availability of capital. Capital markets worldwide were adversely
affected by substantial losses by financial institutions, caused by investments in asset-backed securities and remnants from those losses
continue to impact the ability for the Company to raise capital. The Company may not be successful in obtaining the required financing
or, if it can obtain such financing, such financing may not be on terms that are favorable to us. 

The
Company s inability to access sufficient capital for its operations could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition,
results of operations, or prospects. Sales of substantial amounts of securities may have a highly dilutive effect on the Company s
ownership or share structure. Sales of a large number of shares of the Company s Common Shares in the public markets, or the potential
for such sales, could decrease the trading price of the Common Shares and could impair the Company s ability to raise capital through
future sales of Common Shares. 

4 

International,
national and regional trade laws, regulations and policies and government farm programs and policies could significantly impair our profitability
and growth prospects. 

International,
national and regional laws, regulations and policies directly or indirectly related to or restricting the import and export of the Company s
products, services and technology, including protectionist policies in particular jurisdictions or for the benefit of favored industries
or sectors, could harm the Company s ability to grow in international markets and subject the Company to civil and criminal sanctions.
Restricted access to global markets impairs the Company s ability to export goods and services from its various manufacturing locations
around the world, and limits the ability to access raw materials and high-quality parts and components at competitive prices on a timely
basis. Trade restrictions could limit the Company s ability to capitalize on future growth opportunities in international markets
and impair the Company s ability to expand the business by offering new technologies, products and services. These restrictions
may affect the Company s competitive position. Additionally, changes in government farm programs and policies, including restrictions
on cannabis and hemp cultivation and processing, can significantly influence demand for agricultural equipment. 

Changing
demand for certain agricultural products could have an effect on the price of farming output and consequently the demand for certain
of our equipment and could also result in higher research and development costs related to changing machine requirements. 

Negative
economic conditions and outlook can materially weaken demand for our equipment and services, limit access to funding and result in higher
funding costs. 

The
demand for the Company s products and services can be significantly reduced in an economic environment characterized by high unemployment,
cautious consumer spending, lower corporate earnings, U.S. budget issues and lower business investment. Negative or uncertain economic
conditions causing the Company s customers to lack confidence in the general economic outlook can significantly reduce their likelihood
of purchasing the Company s equipment. If negative economic conditions affect the overall farm economy, there could be a similar
effect on the Company s agricultural equipment sales. In addition, uncertain or negative outlook with respect to ongoing U.S. budget
issues as well as general economic conditions and outlook can cause significant changes in market liquidity conditions. Such changes
could impact access to funding and associated funding costs, which could reduce the Company s earnings and cash flows. Such changes
could affect the ability of the Company s customers, contract manufacturers, suppliers and lenders to finance their respective
businesses, to access liquidity at acceptable financing costs, if at all, the availability of supplies, materials and manufacturing facilities
and on the demand for the Company s products. 

We
may encounter difficulties in fully exploiting the assets we acquired from Cryocann USA Corp and may not fully achieve, or achieve within
a reasonable time frame, expected strategic objectives and other expected benefits of the acquisitions. 

Our
recent acquisition of Cryocann USA Corp assets is expected to realize strategic and other benefits, including, among other things, the
opportunity to enter the agricultural equipment industry, identify customers and provide our customers with an appealing range of products
and services. However, it is impossible to predict with certainty whether, or to what extent, these benefits will be realized or whether
we will be able to exploit the acquired assets in a timely and effective manner. For example: 

the
 costs of using the assets in developing and manufacturing agricultural equipment may be higher than we expect and may require significant
 attention from our management; 

the
 asset acquisition and subsequent exploitation of the assets may result in as of yet unidentified liabilities, such as infringement
 of third parties intellectual property, environmental liabilities or liabilities for violations of laws, such as the FCPA,
 that we did not expect; 

our
 ability to successfully carry out our growth strategies with the help of the acquired assets will be affected by, among other things,
 our ability to maintain and enhance our relationships with potential customers, our ability to manufacture and distribution products,
 changes in the spending patterns and preferences of customers and potential customers, fluctuating economic and competitive conditions
 and our ability to retain their key personnel; 

litigation
 or other claims in connection with the acquired assets, including claims from Cryocann USA Corp customers, current or former shareholders
 or other third parties; and 

our
 due diligence of Cryocann USA Corp may have failed to identify all liabilities associated with the acquisition. Further, the acquired
 assets consisted primarily of intellectual property, which does not have a market value, and we may not have correctly assessed the
 relative benefits and detriments of making the acquisition and may have pay acquisition consideration exceeding the value of the
 acquired assets. 

5 

Further
acquisitions may be necessary to realize our overall corporate strategy. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify appropriate
acquisition targets, successfully acquire identified targets or successfully integrate the business of acquired companies or the assets
acquired to realize the full, anticipated benefits of such acquisitions. Our ability to address these issues will determine the extent
to which we are able to successfully integrate, exploit and develop the acquired assets and to realize the expected benefits of the Cryocann
USA Corp. transactions. Our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our performance following the transaction. 

Our
business results depend largely on its ability to understand its customers specific preferences and requirements, and to develop,
manufacture and market products that meet customer demand. 

The
Company s ability to match new product offerings to customers anticipated preferences for different types and sizes of equipment
and various equipment features and functionality, at affordable prices, is critical to its success. This requires a thorough understanding
of the Company s potential customers and their needs, as well as an understanding of the cannabis and hemp cultivation dynamics
and of other agricultural commodities cultivation dynamics. Failure to deliver quality products that meet customer needs at competitive
prices ahead of competitors could have a significant adverse effect on the Company s business. 

Our
business may be directly and indirectly affected by unfavorable weather conditions or natural disasters that reduce agricultural production
and demand for agriculture equipment. 

Poor
or unusual weather conditions can significantly affect the purchasing decisions of the Company s potential customers. Natural calamities
such as regional floods, hurricanes or other storms, and droughts can have significant negative effects on agricultural production. The
resulting negative impact on farm income can strongly affect demand for agricultural equipment. 

Changes
in the availability and price of certain raw materials, components and whole goods could result in production disruptions or increased
costs and lower profits on sales of our products. 

The
Company requires access to various materials and components at competitive prices to manufacture and distribute its products. Changes
in the availability and price of these materials and components, which have fluctuated in the past and are more likely to fluctuate during
times of economic volatility, can significantly increase the costs of production which could have a material negative effect on the profitability
of the business, particularly if the Company, due to pricing considerations or other factors, is unable to recover the increased costs
from its customers. The Company relies on suppliers and contract manufacturers to acquire materials and components to manufacture its
products. Supply chain and contract manufacturing disruptions due to supplier or contract manufacturer financial distress, capacity constraints,
business continuity, quality, delivery or disruptions due to weather-related or natural disaster events could affect the Company s
operations and profitability. 

In
determining the required quantities of our products and the manufacturing schedule, we must make significant judgments and estimates
that are not based on any historical data. Because of the inherent nature of estimates, there could be significant differences between
our estimates and the actual amounts of products we require, which could harm our business and results of operations. 

The
agricultural equipment industry is highly seasonal, and seasonal fluctuations may significantly impact our performance. 

The
agricultural equipment business is highly seasonal, which may cause our quarterly results and our cash flow to fluctuate during the year.
Farmers generally purchase agricultural equipment seasonally in conjunction with the harvesting seasons. Seasonal fluctuations can significantly
impact our performance in a specific quarter, or overall. 

If
we are unable to hire and retain key personnel, we may not be able to implement our business plan and our business may fail. 

Our
future success depends to a large extent on our ability to attract, hire, train and retain qualified managerial, operational and other
personnel. We face significant competition for qualified and experienced employees in our industry and from other industries and, as
a result, we may be unable to attract and retain the personnel needed to successfully conduct and grow our operations. Additionally,
key personnel, including members of management, may leave and compete against us. At present, we do not have all the necessary personnel
to carry out our business plans. If we are unable to hire and retain key personnel, our business will be materially adversely affected. 

6 

Our
growth is highly dependent on the U.S. cannabis and hemp markets. New regulations causing licensing shortages and future regulations
may create other limitations that decrease the demand for our products. General regulations at state and federal in the future may adversely
impact our business. 

The
base of cannabis growers in the U.S. has grown over the past 20 years since the legalization of cannabis for medical uses in states such
as California, Colorado and Washington. The U.S. cannabis market is still in its infancy and early adopter states such as California,
Colorado and Washington represent a large portion of historical industry revenues. The U.S. cannabis cultivation market is expected to
be one of the fastest growing industries in the U.S. over the next five years. If the U.S. cannabis cultivation market does not grow
as expected, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted. The California cannabis cultivation
market is expected to be one of the fastest growing industries in California over the next five years. If the California cannabis cultivation
market does not grow as expected, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 

Cannabis
remains illegal under U.S. federal law, with cannabis listed as a Schedule I substance under the United States Controlled Substances
Act of 1970 (the CSA ). Notwithstanding laws in various states permitting certain cannabis activities, all cannabis activities,
including possession, distribution, processing and manufacturing of cannabis and investment in, and financial services or transactions
involving proceeds of, or promoting such activities remain illegal under various U.S. federal criminal and civil laws and regulations,
including the CSA, as well as laws and regulations of several states that have not legalized some or any cannabis activities to date.
Compliance with applicable state laws regarding cannabis activities does not protect us from federal prosecution or other enforcement
action, such as seizure or forfeiture remedies, nor does it provide any defense to such prosecution or action. Cannabis activities conducted
in or related to conduct in multiple states may potentially face a higher level of scrutiny from federal authorities. Penalties for violating
federal drug, conspiracy, aiding, abetting, bank fraud and/or money laundering laws may include prison, fines, and seizure/forfeiture
of property used in connection with cannabis activities, including proceeds derived from such activities. 

We
are not currently subject directly to any state laws or regulations controlling participants in the legal cannabis industry. However,
regulation of the cannabis industry does impact our potential customers in the cultivation industry and, accordingly, there can be no
assurance that changes in regulation of the industry and more rigorous enforcement by federal authorities will not have a material adverse
effect on us. 

Legislation
and regulations pertaining to the use and cultivation of cannabis are enacted on both the state and federal government level within the
United States. As a result, the laws governing the cultivation and use of cannabis may be subject to change. Any new laws and regulations
limiting the use or cultivation of cannabis and any enforcement actions by state and federal governments could indirectly reduce demand
for our products and may impact our current and planned future operations. 

Evolving
federal and state laws and regulations pertaining to the use or cultivation of cannabis, as well active enforcement by federal or state
authorities of the laws and regulations governing the use and cultivation of cannabis may indirectly and adversely affect our business,
our revenues and our profits. Local, state and federal cannabis laws and regulations are broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations,
which could require the end users of certain of our products or us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or to alter
our respective business plans. In addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and
result in a material adverse effect on our results of operation and financial condition. 

Certain
of our products may be purchased for use for agricultural products other than cannabis and/or be subject to varying, inconsistent, and
rapidly changing laws, regulations, administrative practices, enforcement approaches, judicial interpretations, future scientific research
and public perception. 

The
public s perception of cannabis may significantly impact the cannabis industry s success. Both the medical and adult-use
of cannabis are controversial topics, and there is no guarantee that future scientific research, publicity, regulations, medical opinion,
and public opinion relating to cannabis will be favorable. The cannabis industry is an early-stage business that is constantly evolving
with no guarantee of viability. Among other things, such a shift in public opinion could cause state jurisdictions to abandon initiatives
or proposals to legalize cultivation and sale of cannabis or adopt new laws or regulations restricting or prohibiting the cultivation
of cannabis where it is now legal, thereby limiting the potential customers who are engaged in the cannabis industry. 

Demand
for our products may be negatively impacted depending on how laws, regulations, administrative practices, enforcement approaches, judicial
interpretations, and consumer perceptions develop. We cannot predict the nature of such developments or the effect, if any, that such
developments could have on our business. 

7 

Our
indirect involvement in the cannabis industry could affect the public s perception of us and be detrimental to our reputation. 

Damage
to our reputation can be the result of the actual or perceived occurrence of any number of events, and could include any negative publicity,
whether true or not. Cannabis has often been associated with various other narcotics, violence and criminal activities, the risk of which
is that our retailers and resellers that transact with cannabis businesses might attract negative publicity. There is also risk that
the action(s) of other participants, companies and service providers in the cannabis industry may negatively affect the reputation of
the industry as a whole and thereby negatively impact our reputation. The increased use of social media and other web-based tools used
to generate, publish and discuss user-generated content and to connect with other users has made it increasingly easier for individuals
and groups to communicate and share opinions and views with regard to cannabis companies and their activities, whether true or not and
the cannabis industry in general, whether true or not. We do not ultimately have direct control over how the cannabis industry and its
suppliers is perceived by others. Reputation loss may result in decreased investor confidence, increased challenges in developing and
maintaining community relations and an impediment to our overall ability to advance its business strategy and realize on its growth prospects,
thereby having a material adverse impact on our business. 

Businesses
involved in the cannabis industry, and investments in such businesses, are subject to a variety of laws and regulations related to money
laundering, financial recordkeeping and proceeds of crimes. 

We
sell our products through third party retailers and resellers. Investments in the U.S. cannabis industry are subject to a variety of
laws and regulations that involve money laundering, financial recordkeeping and proceeds of crime, including the BSA, as amended by the
Patriot Act, other anti-money laundering laws, and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced
by governmental authorities in the United States. In February 2014, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the Treasury Department
issued a memorandum (the FinCEN Memo providing guidance to banks seeking to provide services to cannabis businesses. The
FinCEN Memo outlines circumstances under which banks may provide services to cannabis businesses without risking prosecution for violation
of U.S. federal money laundering laws. It refers to supplementary guidance that Deputy Attorney General Cole issued to U.S. federal prosecutors
relating to the prosecution of U.S. money laundering offenses predicated on cannabis violations of the CSA and outlines extensive due
diligence and reporting requirements, which most banks have viewed as onerous. The FinCEN Memo currently remains in place, but it is
unclear at this time whether the current administration will continue to follow the guidelines of the FinCEN Memo. Such requirements
could negatively affect the ability of certain of the end users of our products to establish and maintain banking connections. 

We
are subject to extensive anti-corruption laws and regulations. 

The
Company s foreign operations, if and when established, must comply with all applicable laws, which may include the U.S. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), the UK Bribery Act or other anti-corruption laws. These anti-corruption laws generally prohibit companies
and their intermediaries from making improper payments or providing anything of value to improperly influence government officials or
private individuals for the purpose of obtaining or retaining a business advantage regardless of whether those practices are legal or
culturally expected in a particular jurisdiction. Recently, there has been a substantial increase in the global enforcement of anti-corruption
laws. Although the Company has a compliance program in place designed to reduce the likelihood of potential violations of such laws,
violations of these laws could result in criminal or civil sanctions and have an adverse effect on the Company s reputation, business
and results of operations and financial condition. 

Our
business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by pandemic infectious diseases,. 

Pandemic
infectious diseases, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, may adversely impact our business, consolidated results of operations and financial
condition. The global spread of COVID-19 has created significant volatility and uncertainty and economic disruption. The extent to which
COVID-19 will continue to impact our business, operations and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may
not be able to accurately predict, including: the duration and scope of the pandemic; governmental, business and individuals actions
that have been and continue to be taken in response to the pandemic; the impact of the pandemic on economic activity and actions taken
in response; the effect on our customers and customer demand our services, products and solutions; our ability to sell and provide its
services and solutions, including as a result of travel restrictions and people working from home; the ability of our customers to pay
for our services and solutions; and any closures of our offices and the offices and facilities of our customers. COVID-19, as well as
measures taken by governmental authorities to limit the spread of this or similar viruses, may interfere with the ability of our employees,
suppliers, and other business providers to carry out their assigned tasks or supply materials or services at ordinary levels of performance
relative to the requirements of our business, which may cause us to materially curtail certain of our business operations. We require
additional funding and such funding may not be available to us as a result of contracting capital markets resulting from the COVID-19
or similar pandemics. Any of these events could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations
and/or stock price. 

Natural
disasters, pandemic outbreaks or other health crises could disrupt business and result in lower sales and otherwise adversely affect
our financial performance. 

The
occurrence of one or more natural disasters, climate change, pandemic outbreaks or other health crises (including but not limited to
the COVID-19 outbreak), could adversely affect our business and financial performance. If any of these events result in the closure of
one or more of our dispensaries, extended sick leave involving our personnel, or impact key suppliers, our operations and financial performance
could be materially adversely affected through an inability to provide other support functions to our stores and through lost sales.
These events also could affect consumer shopping patterns or prevent customers from reaching our dispensaries, which could lead to lost
sales and higher markdowns, the temporary lack of an adequate work force in a market, the temporary or long-term disruption of product
availability in our dispensaries and the temporary or long-term inability to obtain technology needed to effectively run our business. 

8 

Our
business may be impacted by geopolitical events, war, terrorism, and other related business interruptions. 

War,
terrorism, geopolitical uncertainties, and other related business interruptions have caused and could cause damage or disruption to international
commerce and the global economy, and thus could have a material adverse effect on the Company, its suppliers, logistics providers, manufacturing
vendors and customers. The Company s business operations are subject to interruption by, among others, disasters, whether as a
result of war, refugee crises, fire, power shortages, nuclear power plant accidents and other industrial accidents, terrorist attacks
and other hostile acts, labor disputes, and other events beyond its control. Such events could decrease demand for the Company s
products, make it difficult or impossible for the Company to develop, prototype, make and deliver products to its customers or to receive
components from its suppliers, and create delays and inefficiencies in the Company s supply chain. While the Company s suppliers
are expected to maintain safe working environments and operations, an industrial accident could occur and could result in disruption
to the Company s business and harm to the Company s reputation. In any event of business interruption, the Company could incur significant
losses, require substantial recovery time and experience significant expenditures in order to resume operations. 

Security
breaches and other disruptions to our information technology infrastructure could interfere with our operations and could compromise
the Company s and its customers and suppliers information, exposing us to liability that would cause the Company s
business and reputation to suffer. 

In
the ordinary course of business, the Company relies upon information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third
parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities,
including supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments from intermediaries or other purchasers or
lessees of our equipment. We use information technology systems to record, process and summarize financial information and results of
operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting, legal and tax requirements. Additionally,
we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and the proprietary business information
of the Company s customers and suppliers, as well as personally identifiable information of our customers and employees, in third
party data centers, cloud providers and on information technology networks. The secure operation of these information technology
networks, and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to the Company s business operations and strategy.
Such third parties, as well as the Company s information technology networks, cloud and infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage,
disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by hackers or breaches due to employee error or malfeasance or other disruptions during the process
of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures or natural
disasters or other catastrophic events. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise the respective storage networks, data
centers or cloud, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure
or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the
privacy of personal information, disrupt operations, and damage our reputation, which could adversely affect the Company s business. 

Our
suppliers, contract manufacturers and customers are subject to and affected by increasingly rigorous environmental, health and safety
laws and regulations of federal, state and local authorities in the U.S. and various regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over
the Company s operations. In addition, private civil litigation on these subjects has increased, primarily in the U. S. 

Enforcement
actions arising from violations of environmental, health and safety laws or regulations can lead to investigation and defense costs,
and result in significant fines or penalties. In addition, new or more stringent requirements of governmental authorities could prevent
or restrict the Company s operations, or those of our suppliers and customers, require significant expenditures to achieve compliance
and/or give rise to civil or criminal liability. There can be no assurance that violations of such legislation and/or regulations, or
private civil claims for damages to property or personal injury arising from the environmental, health or safety impacts of our operations,
or those of our suppliers and customers, would not have consequences that result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations. 

Increasingly
stringent engine emission standards could impact our ability to manufacture and distribute certain equipment, which could negatively
affect business results. 

The
Company s equipment operations must meet increasingly stringent engine emission reduction standards, including USEPA, Interim Tier
4/Stage IIIb and Final Tier 4/Stage IV non-road diesel emission requirements in the U.S. and European Union. 

We
may incur increased costs due to new or more stringent greenhouse gas emission standards designed to address climate change and could
be further impacted by physical effects attributed to climate change on its facilities, suppliers and customers. 

There
is a growing political and scientific consensus that emissions of greenhouse gases (GHG) continue to alter the composition of Earth s
atmosphere in ways that are affecting and are expected to continue to affect the global climate. These considerations may lead to international,
national, regional or local legislative or regulatory responses in the future. Various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators,
shareholders and non-governmental organizations, as well as companies in many business sectors, including the Company, are considering
ways to reduce GHG emissions. The regulation of GHG emissions from certain stationary or mobile sources could result in additional costs
to the Company or its suppliers in the form of taxes or emission allowances, facilities improvements and energy costs, which would increase
our operating costs through higher contract manufacturing, utility, transportation and materials costs. Increased input costs and compliance-related
costs could also impact customer operations and demand for our equipment. Because the impact of any future GHG legislative, regulatory
or product standard requirements on our businesses and products is dependent on the timing and design of mandates or standards, the Company
is unable to predict its potential impact at this time. 

9 

Furthermore,
the potential physical impacts of climate change on our suppliers and customers and therefore on our operations are highly uncertain
and will be particular to the circumstances developing in various geographical regions. These may include long-term changes in temperature
levels and water availability. These potential physical effects may adversely impact the demand for the Company s products and
the cost, production, sales and financial performance of the Company s operations. 

Our
business increasingly is subject to regulations relating to privacy and data protection, and if we violate any of those regulations,
we could be subject to significant claims, penalties and damages. 

Increasingly,
the United States, the European Union and other governmental entities are imposing regulations designed to protect the collection, maintenance
and transfer of personal information. For example, the European Union adopted the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR that imposes stringent data protection requirements and greater penalties for non-compliance beginning in May 2018. The GDPR also protects
a broader set of personal information than traditionally has been protected in the United States and provides for a right of erasure. 
Other regulations govern the collection and transfer of financial data and data security generally. These regulations generally impose
penalties in the event of violations. While we attempt to comply with all applicable cybersecurity regulations, their implementation
is complex, and, if we are not successful, we may be subject to penalties and claims for damages from regulators and the impacted individuals. 

Risks
Relating to Our Intellectual Property 

Recent
laws make it difficult to predict how patents will be issued or enforced in our industry. 

Changes
in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries may have a significant impact
on our ability to protect our technology and enforce our intellectual property rights. There have been numerous recent changes to the
patent laws and to the rules of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the USPTO ), which may have a significant
impact on our ability to protect our technology and enforce our intellectual property rights. For example, the Leahy-Smith America Invents
Act, which was signed into law in 2011, includes a transition from a first-to-invent system to a first-to-file 
system, and changes the way issued patents can be challenged. Certain changes, such as the institution of inter partes review and post-grant
and derivation proceedings, came into effect in 2012. Substantive changes to patent law associated with the Leahy-Smith America Invents
Act may affect our ability to obtain patents, and, if obtained, to enforce or defend them in litigation or inter partes review, or post-grant
or derivation proceedings, all of which could harm our business. 

We
may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights that are material to our business. 

Our
ability to compete effectively depends in part on our rights to trademarks, patents and other intellectual property rights we own. We
have not sought to register every one of our intellectual properties either in the United States or in every country in which such intellectual
property may be used. Furthermore, because of the differences in foreign trademark, patent and other intellectual property or proprietary
rights laws, we may not receive the same protection in other countries as we would in the United States with respect to the registered
brand names and issued patents we hold. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, proprietary information and/or brand names,
we could suffer a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Litigation
may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights and protect our proprietary information, or to defend against claims by
third parties that our products or services infringe their intellectual property rights. Any litigation or claims brought by or against
us could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources. A successful claim of trademark, patent or other intellectual property
infringement against us, or any other successful challenge to the use of our intellectual property, could subject us to damages or prevent
us from providing certain products or services, or using certain of our recognized brand names, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Obtaining
and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submissions, fee payment and other requirements
imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for noncompliance with these requirements. 

Periodic
maintenance or annuity fees on any issued patents are due to be paid to the USPTO, and/or foreign patent agencies in several stages over
the lifetime of the patent. The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural,
documentary, fee payments and other similar provisions during the patent application process. While an inadvertent or unintentional lapse
can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in
which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of
patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Noncompliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application
include, but are not limited to, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, nonpayment of fees and failure
to properly legalize and submit formal documents. If we or our licensors fail to maintain the patents and patent applications covering
our products, our competitors might be able to enter the market, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

From
time to time, we may need to rely on licenses to proprietary technologies, which may be difficult or expensive to obtain or we may lose
certain licenses which may be difficult to replace, harming our competitive position. 

10 

We
may need to obtain licenses to patents and other proprietary rights held by third parties to develop, manufacture and market our products,
if, for example, we sought to develop our products, in conjunction with any patented technology. If we are unable to timely obtain these
licenses on commercially reasonable terms and maintain these licenses, our ability to commercially market our products, may be inhibited
or prevented, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

In
spite of our best efforts, our licensors might conclude that we have materially breached our license agreements and might therefore terminate
the license agreements, thereby removing our ability to develop and commercialize products and technology covered by these license agreements.
If these in-licenses are terminated, or if the underlying patents fail to provide the intended exclusivity, competitors may have the
freedom to market products identical to ours. 

Third
parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would
be uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 

Our
success depends upon our ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell our products, and to use our proprietary technologies without
infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. We may become party to, or threatened with, future adversarial proceedings or litigation
regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our products and technology, including interference or derivation proceedings
and various other post-grant proceedings before the USPTO and/or non-United States opposition proceedings. Third parties may assert infringement
claims against us based on existing patents or patents that may be granted in the future. As a result of any such infringement claims,
or to avoid potential claims, we may choose or be compelled to seek intellectual property licenses from third parties. These licenses
may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Even if we are able to obtain a license, the license would likely obligate us to
pay license fees, royalties, minimum royalties and/or milestone payments and the rights granted to us could be nonexclusive, which would
mean that our competitors may be able to obtain licenses to the same intellectual property. Ultimately, we could be prevented from commercializing
a product and/or technology or be forced to cease some aspect of our business operations if, as a result of actual or threatened infringement
claims, we are unable to enter into licenses of the relevant intellectual property on acceptable terms. Further, if we attempt to modify
a product and/or technology or to develop alternative methods or products in response to infringement claims or to avoid potential claims,
we could incur substantial costs, encounter delays in product introductions or interruptions in sales. 

Intellectual
property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats to our competitive advantage. 

The
degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations,
and may not adequately protect our business, or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. The following examples are illustrative: 

Others
 may be able to construct products that are similar to our products but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we
 own or have exclusively licensed; 

We
 or our licensors or strategic collaborators, if any, might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patent
 or pending patent application that we own or have exclusively licensed; 

We
 or our licensors or strategic collaborators, if any, might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of
 our inventions; 

Others
 may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual
 property rights; 

It
 is possible that our pending patent applications will not lead to issued patents; 

Issued
 patents that we own or have exclusively licensed may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid or unenforceable,
 as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; 

Our
 competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information
 learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; 

We
 may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; and 

The
 patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. 

Should
any of these events occur, they could significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. 

We
may be subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. 

Although
we try to ensure that our employees do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject
to claims that we or these employees have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information,
of any such employee s former employer. We are not aware of any threatened or pending claims related to these matters or concerning
agreements with our employees, but in the future litigation may be necessary to defend against such claims. If we fail in defending any
such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful
in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 

11 

Intellectual
property disputes could cause us to spend substantial resources and distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities. 

Even
if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant
expenses and could distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the
results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results
to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the value of our common stock. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially
increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing or distribution
activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to adequately conduct such litigation or proceedings. Some of our
competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater
financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have
a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. 

Risks
Related to the Common Shares 

The
Company s Common Share price may be volatile and as a result investor could lose all or part of their investment. 

In
addition to volatility associated with equity securities in general, the value of an investor s investment could decline due to
the impact of any of the following factors upon the market price of the Common Shares: 

disappointing
 results from the Company s operations or financing activities; 

decline
 in demand for its Common Shares; 

downward
 revisions in securities analysts estimates or changes in general market conditions; 

technological
 innovations by competitors or in competing technologies; 

investor
 perception of the Company s industry or its prospects; and 

general
 economic trends. 

Our
Common Share price on the OTCQX has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. Stock markets in general have experienced
extreme price and volume fluctuations, and the market prices of securities have been highly volatile. These fluctuations are often unrelated
to operating performance and may adversely affect the market price of the Common Shares. As a result, an investor may be unable to sell
any Common Shares such investor acquires at a desired price. 

Potential
future sales under Rule 144 may depress the market price for our Common Shares. 

In
general, under Rule 144, a person who has satisfied a minimum holding period of between 6 months and one-year and any other applicable
requirements of Rule 144, may thereafter sell such shares publicly. A significant number of the Company s currently issued and
outstanding Common Shares held by existing shareholders, including officers and directors and other principal shareholders, are currently
eligible for resale pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of Rule 144. The possible future sale of the Company s Common
Shares by its existing shareholders, pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of Rule 144, may have a depressive effect on the
price of its Common Shares in the over-the-counter market. 

The
Company s Common Shares currently deemed a penny stock , which may make it more difficult for investors to sell their
Common Shares. 

The
SEC has adopted regulations which generally define penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price less than
 5.00 per Common Share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per Common Share, subject to certain exceptions. The Company s s
securities are covered by the penny stock rules, which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell to persons
other than established customers and accredited investors . The term accredited investor refers generally
to institutions with assets in excess of 5,000,000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000, exclusive of their principal
residence, or annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer,
prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a
form prepared by the SEC which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The
broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer
and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s
account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer
orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s
confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these
rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and
receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the
level of trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny
stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to trade its securities. The Company believes that the penny stock rules may discourage
investor interest in and limit the marketability of its Common Shares. 

12 

The
Company has never paid dividends on its Common Shares. 

The
Company has not paid dividends on its Common Shares to date, and it does not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. The
Company intends to retain its initial earnings, if any, to finance its operations. Any future dividends on Common Shares will depend
upon the Company s earnings, its then-existing financial requirements, and other factors, and will be at the discretion of the
Board. 

FINRA
has adopted sales practice requirements, which may also limit an investor s ability to buy and sell the Company s Common
Shares. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above, FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment
to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to
recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain
information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations
of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least
some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy the Company s
Common Shares, which may limit an investor s ability to buy and sell its stock and have an adverse effect on the market for the
Common Shares. 

Investors 
interests in the Company will be diluted and investors may suffer dilution in their net book value per share of Common Shares if we issue
additional employee/director/consultant options or if we sell additional Common Shares and/or warrants to finance its operations. 

In
order to further expand the Company s operations and meet its objectives, any additional growth and/or expanded business activity
will likely need to be financed through sale of and issuance of additional Common Shares. The Company will also in the future grant to
some or all of its directors, officers, and key employees and/or consultants options to purchase Common Shares as non-cash incentives.
The issuance of any equity securities could, and the issuance of any additional Common Shares will, cause the Company s existing
shareholders to experience dilution of their ownership interests. 

If
the Company issues additional Common Shares or decides to enter into joint ventures with other parties in order to raise financing through
the sale of equity securities, investors interests in the Company will be diluted and investors may suffer dilution in their net
book value per share of Common Shares depending on the price at which such securities are sold. 

The
issuance of additional shares of Common Shares may negatively impact the trading price of the Company s securities. 

We
have issued Common Shares in the past and will continue to issue Common Shares to finance our activities in the future. In addition,
newly issued or outstanding options and warrants to purchase Common Shares may be exercised, resulting in the issuance of additional
Common Shares. Any such issuance of additional Common Shares would result in dilution to the Company s shareholders, and even the
perception that such an issuance may occur could have a negative impact on the trading price of the Common Shares. 

The
issuance of a large number of shares of our Common Stock could significantly dilute existing stockholders and negatively impact the market
price of our Common Stock. 

On
January 6, 2021, the Company entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement, with Peak One providing that, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions thereof, Peak One is committed to purchase, on an unconditional basis, shares of Common Stock Put Shares at
an aggregate price of up to 10 million over the course of the commitment period. Pursuant to the terms of the equity purchase agreement,
the purchase price for each of the Put Shares equals 89 of the Market Price on such date on which the Purchase Price is calculated.
The Market Price is defined in the EPA as the lesser of the (i) closing bid price of the Common Stock on the Principal Market on the
Trading Day immediately preceding the respective Put Date, or (ii) the lowest closing bid price of the Common Shares on the Principal
Market for any Trading Day during the Valuation Period. The Valuation Period is defined as the period of seven (7) Trading Days immediately
following the Clearing Date associated with the applicable Put Notice. The Valuation Period begins on the first Trading Day following
the Clearing Date. As a result, if we sell shares of Common Stock under the equity purchase agreement, we will be issuing Common Stock
at below market prices, which could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline, and if such issuances are significant in number,
the amount of the decline in our market price could also be significant. In general, we are unlikely to sell shares of Common Stock under
the equity purchase agreement at a time when the additional dilution to stockholders would be substantial unless we are unable to obtain
capital to meet our financial obligations from other sources on better terms at such time. However, if we do, the dilution that could
result from such issuances could have a material adverse impact on existing stockholders and could cause the price of our common stock
to fall rapidly based on the amount of such dilution. 

The
Selling Securityholders may sell a large number of shares, resulting in substantial diminution to the value of shares held by existing
stockholders. 

Pursuant
to the Equity Purchase Agreement, we are prohibited from delivering a Put Notice to Peak One to the extent that the issuance of shares
would cause the Selling Securityholders to beneficially own more than 4.99 of our then-outstanding shares of common stock; provided,
however, the Selling Securityholders in their sole discretion can waive this ownership limitation up to 9.99 of our then-outstanding
shares of Common Stock. These restrictions however, do not prevent the Selling Stockholder from selling shares of Common Stock received
in connection with the Equity Line and then receiving additional shares of Common Stock in connection with a subsequent issuance. In
this way, the Selling Securityholders could sell more than 4.99 (or 9.99 if 4.99 ownership limitation is waived) of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock in a relatively short time frame while never holding more than 4.99 (or 9.99 if 4.99 ownership limitation is
waived) at any one time. As a result, existing stockholders and new investors could experience substantial diminution in the value of
their shares of Common Stock. Additionally, we do not have the right to control the timing and amount of any sales by the Selling Securityholders
of the shares issued under the Equity Line. 

13 

The
Company faces risks related to compliance with corporate governance laws and financial reporting standards. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as related new rules and regulations implemented by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board, require changes in the corporate governance practices and financial reporting standards for public companies. These laws, rules
and regulations, including compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 relating to internal control over financial
reporting, referred to as Section 404, materially increase the Company s legal and financial compliance costs and make certain
activities more time-consuming and burdensome. 

Cautionary
Note 

We
have sought to identify what we believe to be the most significant risks to our business, but we cannot predict whether, or to what extent,
any of such risks may be realized nor can we guarantee that we have identified all possible risks that might arise. Investors should
carefully consider all of such risk factors before making an investment decision with respect to our common stock. 

ITEM
1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2 PROPERTIES 

Executive
Offices 

Our
executive office address is 1001 Bannock Street, Denver, CO 80204. This space is currently sufficient for our purposes, and we expect
it to be sufficient for the foreseeable future. The address of agent for service in Nevada and registered corporate office is InCorp
Services, Inc., 36 South 18th Avenue, Suite D, Brighton, CO 80601. 

ITEM
3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Legal
proceedings covering a dispute arising from a past employment agreement is pending against the Company s former business partner,
CMI. In Gaudio v. Critical Mass Industries, LLC et al, CMI s motion to set aside a default judgment was granted April 26, 2021
and a mandatory mediation settlement conference is scheduled for March 30, 2023. It is possible that there could be adverse developments
in the Gaudio case. An unfavorable outcome or settlement of pending litigation could encourage the commencement of additional litigation
against CMI or the Company. We and our subsidiaries will record provisions in the consolidated financial statements for pending litigation
when we determine that an unfavorable outcome is probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. At the present time,
while it is reasonably possible that an unfavorable outcome in the Gaudio case may occur, (i) management is unable to estimate the possible
loss or range of loss that our Company would undergo that could result from an unfavorable outcome or settlement in Gaudio; and (iii)
accordingly, management has not provided any amounts in the consolidated financial statements for an unfavorable outcome in this case,
if applicable. Any applicable legal advice costs are expensed as incurred. 

ITEM
4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

14 

PART
II 

ITEM
5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets OTCQX Trading Tier under the ticker symbol CRYM . The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the high and low closing sales prices of our common stock: 

Three Months Ended 
 2022 
 2021 

High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 
 March 31 
 0.33 
 0.20 
 0.26 
 0.13 
 
 June 30 
 0.54 
 0.20 
 0.45 
 0.15 
 
 September 30 
 0.38 
 0.22 
 0.35 
 0.17 
 
 December 31 
 0.28 
 0.17 
 0.64 
 0.21 

Holders 

As
of March 21, 2023, there were 320 registered holders of record of our common stock, plus approximately 3,924 additional shareholders
owning shares held for them beneficially in brokerage accounts, and we had 204,216,637 common shares issued and outstanding. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not paid any dividends since our incorporation and do not anticipate the payment of dividends in the foreseeable future. At present,
our policy is to retain any earnings to develop and market our services. The payment of dividends in the future will depend upon, among
other factors, our earnings, capital requirements and operating financial conditions. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
Company adopted its 2019 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ), and on January 10, 2022, the shareholders approved
the 2022 Stock Incentive Plan which then replaced the 2019 Plan (collectively the Stock Incentive Plans ). The Stock Incentive
Plans provide for the issuance of stock options, stock grants and RSUs to employees, directors and consultants. The primary purpose of
the Stock Incentive Plans is to enhance the ability to attract, motivate, and retain the services of qualified employees, officers and
directors. Any stock incentives granted under the Stock Incentive Plans will be at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the
Board of Directors. 

During
2021, the Company granted 6,650,000 restricted stock units (RSU s) and 5,000,000 vested stock options to directors, employees,
and consultants. 6,903,172 RSUs vested, leaving 2,200,003 RSUs and 8,500,000 stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2021. During
2022, the Company granted 2,064,386 restricted stock units (RSU s) to directors, employees, and consultants. 3,442,116 RSUs vested
and 50,000 RSUs were forfeited, leaving 772,273 outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The Company awarded no stock options in 2022. As
of December 31, 2022, there were 8,500,000 stock options vested and outstanding. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

We
did not sell any equity securities which were not registered under the Securities Act during the year ended December 31, 2022 that were
not otherwise disclosed in this annual report on Form 10-K, in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, or in our current reports on Form
8-K filed during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Purchase
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

We
did not purchase any of our shares of common stock or other securities during our fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 31,
2022. 

15 

ITEM
6 [RESERVED] 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

The
following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes to those consolidated financial statements that
are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations
that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events
could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors. See Forward-Looking
Statements at the beginning of this report. 

General
Overview 

Cryomass
Technologies Inc Cryomass Technologies or the Company began as Auto Tool Technologies Inc., which was incorporated
under the laws of the State of Nevada on May 10, 2011. The Company s name was changed to AFC Building Technologies Inc. effective
January 10, 2014. Effective April 26, 2018, the Company changed its name to First Colombia Development Corp. Effective October 14, 2019,
the Company changed its name to Redwood Green Corp. Effective September 1, 2020, the Company changed its name to Andina Gold Corp. On
July 15, 2021, the Company changed its name to Cryomass Technologies Inc and subsequently changed its trading symbol to CRYM. 

The
Company s principal office is located at 1001 Bannock St., Suite 612, Denver, CO 80204, and its telephone number is 303-416-7208.
The Company s website is www.cryomass.com. Information appearing on the website is not incorporated by reference into this report.
On May 10, 2018, the Company began to establish various business ventures in Colombia through its Colombian subsidiary, First Colombia
Devco S.A.S Devco ). 

On
July 1, 2019, the Company acquired 100 of the membership interests in General Extract, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company, in
exchange for the shares of Devco. The name of this subsidiary was subsequently changed to Cryomass LLC. 

On
July 15, 2019, the Company entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement to acquire cannabis-related intellectual property and
certain other assets, but not cannabis licenses, of Critical Mass Industries LLC CMI ), a Colorado limited liability company. 

Effective
December 31, 2021, the Company disposed of all CMI-related assets and extinguished any and all related obligations. Therefore, we determined
that CMI no longer qualifies as a variable interest entity VIE as of December 31, 2021. 

In
August 2020, the Company established a wholly owned Colombian subsidiary, Andina Gold Colombia SAS for this purpose acquiring gold properties
in Colombia. However, due to the untimely death of our top geologist, the Company determined that pursuit of gold exploration in Colombia
was no longer a practical alternative. In Q1 2022 the respective subsidiary was closed. 

On
June 22, 2021, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Cryocann USA Corp, a California corporation Cryocann ),
pursuant to which Company acquired substantially all the assets of Cryocann. The aggregate purchase price was 3,500,000 million in cash
and 10,000,000 shares of Company common stock As part of the Cryocann Acquisition, we retained both Cryocann employees, who have expert
knowledge of the industry, related participants, customers and the acquired patented technology. Under their employment agreements, each
employee may receive compensation if specific performance targets are met in association with our future operating performance when the
Cryocann technology enters the market. The technology and assets acquired from Cryocann are operated from the Company s subsidiary,
Cryomass LLC. The patented cryo-mechanical technology is for the separation of plant materials in the harvesting of hemp and cannabis,
and potentially other high value crops such as hops. We believe this technology will reduce processing costs and increases the quality
of extracted compounds. We are exploring the application of the underlying technology to a broad range of industries that handle high-value
materials and that could benefit from our precision capture methods. We anticipate that cannabis and hemp will be the first in a series
of such industries. 

16 

To
develop and commercialize the technology, we contracted with an independent engineering and manufacturing firm to refine the design of
our cryo-mechanical system for the handling of harvested hemp, cannabis and other high-value plants. The system exploits CryoMass s
U.S.-patented process for the controlled application of liquid nitrogen to stabilize and separate the structural elements of gross plant
material. The system, which we now call the CryoMass Trichome Separation System is fully developed and optimized for the low-cost collection
of fully intact hemp and cannabis trichomes. It can be used within minutes after plants have been cut and can also efficiently capture
trichomes from fresh frozen or even dried plant parts, including trim. The device s through-put capacity is to be approximately
350 kilograms of gross plant material per hour. The advanced design for the equipment has been completed, and testing of a
prototype machine is currently underway. The engineering and manufacturing firm has indicated that it has the capacity to build up to
15 such devices per quarter. The first functional beta machine has completed field testing. The Company recently signed
a license and lease arrangement with a third party to deploy multiple CryoMass trichome separation units at the prospective partner s
facility in California and other locations, with the intention of starting commercial operations shortly. 

Management
believes the CryoMass system will deliver a compelling combination of cost and time savings while enhancing product quality
and quantity for largescale cultivators and processors of hemp and cannabis. The use of a CryoMass system which
can be trucked to and operated on the fields of most large hemp and cannabis growers or be permanently installed at a user s processing
facility should eliminate many of the costs that come with traditional practices, especially the labor, fuel and capital
costs of drying and curing hemp or cannabis that is grown for the extraction of end products. With traditional practices, harvested
plants are transported to a specially constructed drying house and then treated for a week or longer under controlled conditions of temperature
and humidity. It s a costly method. With our system, harvested plants are simply fed into the front end of a CryoMass trichome
separation system, and minutes later fully intact trichomes are collected at the back end of the unit. With traditional practices
and their seven-to-ten days of handling and drying, a large share of a plant s valuable trichomes break off and are lost. Then
the remaining trichomes are damaged by long exposure to oxygen and by the evaporation of their volatile terpenes. The CryoMass system,
on the other hand, stabilizes and collects fully intact trichomes at harvest, leaving no opportunity for such wasteful loss. Field-captured
trichomes are the cleanest element of a hemp or cannabis plant because, unlike the rest of the plant, trichomes do not readily take up
heavy metals, pesticides or other common soil contaminants. As a product for end-users, field-captured trichomes are closest
to being contaminant free. As feedstock for manufacturers of extracts and oils, they are the key to the purest products possible. 

Because
the trichomes collected with CryoMass technology represent only 10 or so of a plant s weight and volume, they are cheaper
to ship and store than gross plant material. For the same reason and because trichomes are free of the waxes and other unwanted
materials found in the rest of the plant, processing trichomes into oils and extracts can be far quicker, cheaper and easier
than processing gross plant material. Even trichomes captured from dried or frozen plant parts deliver this cost-saving advantage to
processors of oils and extracts. The three-dimensional advantage achievable with the CryoMass system first-stage
cost savings, product enhancement and downstream cost savings can as much as double a crop s wholesale value. And in some
jurisdictions, users may enjoy a reduction in excise taxes levied on cannabis and hemp harvests, which typically are tied to the gross
weight of hemp or cannabis that is removed from the field. 

Production
and processing of hemp and cannabis is a huge, worldwide industry. In the U.S., for example, the wholesale value of the cannabis crop
from just the 11 states permitting adult-use and medical cannabis exceeds 6 billion annually. Growth in the U.S. and in the
worldwide market is likely fed in part by the growing acceptance of medicinal cannabis products and anticipated legislative changes in
various jurisdictions worldwide. 

Several
other high-value plants, including species that are important for health and wellness products, wrap their valuable elements in trichomes.
The technology we are developing for hemp and cannabis may have profitable application to those other species as well. 

In
September 2021, we were granted an additional patent for our process from the Chinese Intellectual Property Office. We currently
are taking steps to gain further protection for our intellectual property through the European Union Intellectual Property Office and
several other international jurisdictions. 

On
November 17, 2021, we announced the completion of a 10.3 million equity financing. The financing and the earlier conversion of
substantially all the company s debt into common stock left the Company with adequate resources for our planned business development. In
connection with the financing, 1,010,000 shares and 760,000 shares of CryoMass Technologies common stock were purchased by
CEO Christian No l and Chairman of the Board Delon Human, respectively, either individually or through entities controlled by them. 

On
January 16, 2023, we entered into a Patent License and Equipment Rental Agreement with Redtape Core Partners, LLC. The text of the agreement
redated to protect confidential and competitively sensitive information is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.20. 

17 

Update
on COVID-19 

In
December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has spread throughout the world, including
the United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a Public Health Emergency
of International Concern, and on March 11, 2020, it characterized the outbreak as a pandemic . The impact of COVID-19
developments and uncertainty with respect to the economic effects of the pandemic has introduced significant volatility in the financial
markets. 

To
date, COVID-19 has surfaced in nearly all regions around the world and resulted in travel restrictions, both domestic and international,
closing of borders and business slowdowns or shutdowns in affected areas. As a result, COVID-19 has impacted the Company s
business. Although deemed an essential business during the pandemic, many dispensaries and cannabis manufacturers have suspended or reduced
operations on a temporary basis due to matters associated with COVID-19. While activities resumed in full in 2022, there are continued
threats of short-notice, temporary restrictions that may impact our business. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic and responses to this crisis, including actions taken by federal, state and local governments, have had an impact on
the operations of the Company, including, without limitation, the following: reduced staffing due to employee suspected conditions and
social distancing measures; constraints on productivity; management and staff non-essential business-related travel was constrained due
to stay-at-home orders; some employees have shifted to remote work resulting in loss of productivity; consumers visiting dispensaries
operated under license impacted by stay-at-home orders. Management continues to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic situation and federal,
state and local recommendations and will provide updates as appropriate. 

Our
Current Business 

Our
business portfolio includes the accounts of Cryomass LLC (formerly known as General Extract), which is controlled by the Company through
its 100 ownership interest. The Company dissolved its previously reported VIE relationship with Critical Mass Industries Inc., as of
December 31, 2021. 

On
June 23, 2021, the Company consummated purchase of assets of Cryocann USA Corp through its wholly-owned subsidiary Cryomass LLC. We have
finalized research and development work of our patented technology. We have completed commercial-scale testing of the system and have
been targeting specific markets and industries to employ this ground-breaking technology. 

The
Company recently signed a license and lease arrangement with RedTape Core Partners LLC RedTape to deploy multiple CryoMass
trichome separation units at the prospective partner s facility in California and other locations, with the intention of starting
commercial operations shortly. Under the terms of a multi-state license agreement, RedTape has licensed the patented process and will
deploy 12 Trichome Separation systems for a total upfront investment of US 10.2 million payable in installments to CryoMass throughout
2023. CryoMass has agreed to deliver the units to RedTape according to a schedule that extends over 24 months. In addition to the installments,
RedTape will pay CryoMass 50 of all net revenue generated by the units over the life of the agreement. The license agreement grants
RedTape the exclusive right, subject to agreed-upon distribution and licensing milestones, to distribute the Trichome Separation units
and develop the hemp and cannabis processing and extraction markets with CryoMass in states where RedTape has extensive affiliate business
operations and alliances. The five states covered by the agreement are California, New York, New Jersey, Florida and Pennsylvania. 

Management
believes the CryoMass system will deliver a compelling combination of cost and time savings while enhancing product quality
and quantity for largescale cultivators and processors of hemp and cannabis. The use of a CryoMass system should eliminate
many of the costs that come with traditional practices, especially the labor, fuel and capital costs of drying and curing hemp
or cannabis that is grown for the extraction of end products. With traditional practices, harvested plants are transported to a
specially constructed drying house and then treated for a week or longer under controlled conditions of temperature and humidity. It s
a costly method. With our system, harvested plants are simply fed into the front end of a CryoMass trichome separation system,
and minutes later fully intact trichomes are collected at the back end of the unit. With traditional practices and their seven-to-ten
days of handling and drying, a large share of a plant s valuable trichomes break off and are lost. Then the remaining trichomes
are damaged by long exposure to oxygen and by the evaporation of their volatile terpenes. The CryoMass system, on the other
hand, stabilizes and collects fully intact trichomes at harvest, leaving no opportunity for such wasteful loss. Field-captured trichomes
are the cleanest element of a hemp or cannabis plant because, unlike the rest of the plant, trichomes do not readily take up heavy metals, pesticides or
other common soil contaminants. As a product for end-users, field-captured trichomes are closest to being contaminant free. As feedstock
for manufacturers of extracts and oils, they are the key to the purest products possible. 

Because
the trichomes collected from CryoMass system represent only 10 or so of a plant s weight and volume, they are cheaper
to ship and store than gross plant material. For the same reason and because trichomes are free of the waxes and other unwanted
materials found in the rest of the plant, processing trichomes into oils and extracts can be far quicker, cheaper and easier
than processing gross plant material. Even trichomes captured from dried or frozen plant parts deliver this cost-saving advantage to
processors of oils and extracts. The three-dimensional advantage achievable with the CryoMass system first-stage
cost savings, product enhancement and downstream cost savings can as much as double a crop s wholesale value. And in some
jurisdictions, users may enjoy a reduction in excise taxes levied on cannabis and hemp harvests, which typically are tied to the gross
weight of hemp or cannabis that is removed from the field. 

18 

Results
of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following table shows our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The historical results presented below
are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any future period. 

For the Years Ended December 31, 
 Change 

2022 
 2021 
 Dollars 
 Percentage 
 
 Net sales 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cost of goods sold, inclusive of depreciation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Gross profit / (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 10,311,810 
 7,991,827 
 2,319,983 
 29 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (10,311,810 
 (7,991,827 
 (2,319,983 
 29 
 
 Total other expenses 
 (132,669 
 (2,142,815 
 2,010,146 
 -94 
 
 Net loss from continuing operations, before taxes 
 (10,444,479 
 (10,134,642 
 (309,837 
 3 
 
 Income taxes 
 (21,788 
 - 
 (21,788 
 -100 
 
 Net loss from continuing operations 
 (10,422,691 
 (10,134,642 
 (288,049 
 -3 
 
 Net income / (loss) from disc. Operations, net of tax 
 - 
 (2,725,001 
 2,725,001 
 -100 
 
 Net loss 
 (10,422,691 
 (12,859,643 
 2,436,952 
 -19 

The
following table shows our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 specifically relating to our variable
interest entity, CMI, which is classified as discontinued operations above. The historical results presented below are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for any future period. 

For the Years Ended December 31, 
 Change 

2022 
 2021 
 Dollars 
 Percentage 
 
 Net sales 
 - 
 5,891,894 
 (5,891,894 
 -100 
 
 Cost of goods sold, inclusive of depreciation 
 - 
 4,132,696 
 (4,132,696 
 -100 
 
 Gross profit 
 - 
 1,759,198 
 (1,759,198 
 -100 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 - 
 1,402,437 
 (1,402,437 
 -100 
 
 Gain from operations 
 - 
 356,761 
 (356,761 
 -100 
 
 Total other expenses 
 - 
 (49,803 
 49,803 
 -100 
 
 Loss on disposal of discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 -100 
 
 Net income / (loss), before taxes 
 - 
 306,958 
 (306,958 
 -100 
 
 Income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 -100 
 
 Net income / (loss) 
 - 
 306,958 
 306,958 
 -100 

Net
Sales and Cost of Goods Sold 

There
were no net sales related to continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. CMI net sales were 5,891,894 for the year ended
December 31, 2021, of which 4,032,719 was related to medical retail, 1,864,314 was related to medical wholesale, 12,791 was related
to recreational wholesale, and (17,930) was related to other revenues. Revenue generating activities for discontinued operations are
attributable to CMI. The overall decrease in CMI net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December
31, 2021 was 5,891,894, or 100 which is attributable to the Company s disposal of its discontinued operations as of December
31, 2021. 

19 

There were no cost of goods sold related to continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. CMI s cost of goods sold
were 4,132,696 for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a decrease of 4,132,696 or 100 . This decrease is attributable to
the Company s disposal of its discontinued operations as of December 31, 2021. CMI s cost of goods sold for the year ended
December 31, 2021 primarily consisted of allocated salaries and wages of employees directly related to the production process, allocated
depreciation directly related to the production process, cultivation supplies, rent and utilities. 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses encompass personnel costs, general and administrative expenses, and legal and professional fees. Total operating expenses were
 10,311,810 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 7,991,827 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 2,319,983,
or 29 , was primarily attributable to the following changes in operating expenses of: 

Legal
 and professional fees - 1,767,519 increase 

General
 and administrative expenses - 1,616,812 increase 

Depreciation
 and amortization expense - 118,738 increase 

The
increase of 1,616,812, or 41 , in general and administrative expenses is due to an increase in bad debt expense, which primarily results
from the Company deeming its loans receivable from CMI as uncollectible at the end of 2022. The increase of 1,767,519, or 233 , in legal
and professional fees resulted from investor relations services from one vendor. The increase of 118,738, or 272 , in depreciation and
amortization expense primarily resulted from the commencement of the Company s depreciation of its machinery and equipment as well
as the amortization of its in-process research and development. 

CMI
operating expenses encompass personnel costs, general and administrative, legal and professional fees, and amortization expense. Total
operating expenses for CMI were 0 and 1,402,437 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, representing a decrease
of 1,402,437, or 100 . This decrease was attributable to the Company s disposal of its discontinues operations as of December
31,2021. 

Other
Expense 

Other expense for the year ended December 31,
2022 consisted of 147,014 interest expense and 14,345 gain on foreign exchange. Other expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted
of 2,189,959 interest expense and 47,144 gain on foreign exchange. The decrease in interest expense was predominantly the result of
recognizing and fully amortizing a debt discount of 1,444,542 associated with a convertible note in 2021. The increase in gain on foreign
exchange predominantly relates to a payable agreement with Cryomass LLC s supplier. 

CMI s
other expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of 49,803 interest expense, which primarily relates to the related party
note. 

Net
Loss 

For
the foregoing reasons, we had a net loss of 10,422,691 for the year ended December 31, 2022, or 0.05 net loss per common share 
basic and diluted, compared to a net loss of 12,859,643 for the year ended December 31, 2021, or 0.08 net loss per common share 
basic and diluted. 

Liquidity,
Capital Resources and Cash Flows 

The Company believes that its available cash balance
as of the date of this filing will not be sufficient to fund its anticipated level of operations for at least the next twelve months.
The Company believes that, at the present time, its ability to continue operations depends on cash expected to be available from lease
payments and royalty payments in connection with future revenue generation, as well as possible debt and equity investment sources, to
fund its anticipated level of operations for at least the next twelve months. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had working capital
of 878,031 and cash balance of 2,016,057. The Company estimates that it needs approximately 4,000,000 to cover
overhead costs and capital expenditure requirements ranging from zero to 6,600,000 depending on how many trichome separation units are
ordered over the next twelve months. The Company believes that the Company will continue to incur losses for the immediate future. The
Company expects to finance future cash needs from the results of operations and, depending on the results of operations, the Company will
need additional equity or debt financing until the Company can achieve profitability and positive cash flows from operating activities
from, for example, our recently signed lease and license agreement. As of December 31, 2022, one trichome separation unit has been delivered
and is expected to begin producing revenue in the second quarter of 2023. Since the operating expenses of the unit are required to be
covered by the licensee and not the Company, the royalty payment would be free cash flow which could be used to cover operating expenses.
However, there can be no assurance that the Company will receive sufficient operating cash flow from our licensing agreement or otherwise
that we will be able to attract the necessary financing. 

20 

COVID-19
has resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant disruption of financial markets, which may reduce the Company s ability
to access capital or its customers ability to pay the Company for past or future purchases, which could negatively affect the
Company s liquidity. The Company believes that the cash balances and cash from operations will be sufficient to satisfy its cash
needs for the next few months until it can obtain new long-term financing or other sources of capital. If we are unable to attain additional
financing, we will have to seek additional strategic alternatives and relief from our additional liabilities accumulated during COVID-19. 

The
impact of COVID-19 developments and uncertainty with respect to the economic effects of the pandemic have introduced significant
volatility in the financial markets. The uncertainties associated with COVID-19 related to our industry present risk and doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Going
Concern 

The
Company believes that there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2022 have been prepared on a going concern basis and contain an additional explanatory paragraph which
identifies issues that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Capital
Resources 

The
following table summarizes total current assets, liabilities and working capital for the periods indicated: 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Current assets 
 2,166,496 
 6,530,222 
 
 Current liabilities 
 1,288,465 
 1,882,419 
 
 Working capital 
 878,031 
 4,647,803 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a cash balance of 2,016,057 and 5,772,839, respectively. 

Summary
of Cash Flows 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (4,766,864 
 (5,600,512 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (1,018,669 
 (2,803,244 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 2,028,751 
 13,846,756 

Net
cash used in operating activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was 4,766,864
during the year ended December 31, 2022. This included a net loss of 10,422,691, a non-cash charge related to the amortization of debt
discount of 72,917, a non- cash charge related to depreciation and amortization of 157,001, a non-cash charge related to bad debt expense
of 4,218,831, a non-cash charge related to the fair value of common stock issued of 590,625, a non-cash charge related to stock-based
compensation of 603,463, and a non-cash charge related to deferred income tax of 21,788. This was partially offset by net changes in
accounts receivable, prepaid expenses, inventories, accounts payable and accrued expenses, and taxes payable of 34,778. 

21 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 5,600,512 during the year ended December 31, 2021. This included a net loss of 10,134,642, a
non- cash charge related to depreciation and amortization of 43,663, a non-cash charge related to the amortization of debt discount
of 1,547,181, a non-cash charge related to bad debt expense of 540,000, a non-cash charge related to the fair value of common stock
issued pursuant to service and advisory agreements of 1,011,075, a payable extinguishment for services not provided of 318,970, a non-cash
charge related to stock-based compensation of 2,653,271, a non-cash charge related to deferred income tax expense of (14,926), and
cash used in operating activities from discontinued operations of 501,609. This was partially offset by net changes in prepaid expenses
and accounts payable and accrued expenses of 1,063,495. 

Net
cash used in investing activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities was 1,018,669 during the year ended December 31, 2022, due to the purchase of property and equipment,
purchase of intangible assets, and issuance of loan receivable. 

Net
cash used in investing activities was 2,803,244 during the year ended December 31, 2021, due to the purchase of property and equipment
and the CryoCann transaction. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2,028,751, which consisted of 256,876 proceeds from
the issuance of common stock, 21,875 proceeds from common stock to be issued, and 1,750,000 proceeds from notes payable. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 13,846,756, which consisted primarily of 10,308,000
proceeds from the issuance of common stock and 4,900,000 proceeds from notes payable, primarily offset by repayment of the seller s
note associated with the CryoCann transaction. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

22 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to intangibles, accounting for acquisitions,
revenue recognition, income taxes, useful life and recoverability of long-lived assets and deferred income tax asset valuations. We base
our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the
results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Accounting for Acquisitions 

In accordance with the guidance for business
combinations, the Company determines whether a transaction or other event is a business combination, which requires that the acquired
assets and liabilities assumed constitute a business. Each business combination is then accounted for by applying the acquisition method.
If the assets acquired are not a business, the Company accounts for the transaction or other event as an asset acquisition. Under both
methods, the Company recognizes the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest in the acquired
entity. In addition, for transactions that are business combinations, the Company evaluates the existence of goodwill or a gain from
a bargain purchase. The Company capitalizes acquisition-related costs and fees associated with asset acquisitions and immediately expenses
acquisition-related costs and fees associated with business combinations. 

Revenue Recognition 

Under Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contacts with Customers ASC 606 ),
the Company recognizes revenue when the customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration
which is expected to be received in exchange for those goods or services. The Company recognizes revenue following the five-step model
prescribed under ASC 606: (i) identify contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligation(s) in the contract; (iii)
determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligation(s) in the contract; and (v) recognize
revenues when (or as) the Company satisfies a performance obligation. 

Revenue is recognized upon completion of promised
services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those services. Taxes
collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities, are excluded from revenue. 

23 

Variable Interest Entities 

The Company accounts for variable interest entities
in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 810, Consolidation . Management evaluates the relationship between the Company and VIEs
and the economic benefit flow of the contractual arrangement with the VIEs. Management determines if the Company is the primary beneficiary
of a VIE through a qualitative analysis that identifies which variable interest holder has the controlling financial interest in the
VIE. The variable interest holder who has both of the following has the controlling financial interest and is the primary beneficiary:
(1) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and (2) the obligation
to absorb losses of, or the right to receive benefits from, the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. In performing our
analysis, we consider all relevant facts and circumstances, including: the design and activities of the VIE, the terms of the contracts
the VIE has entered into, the nature of the VIE s variable interests issued and how they were negotiated with or marketed to potential
investors, and which parties participated significantly in the design or redesign of the entity. Previously, management concluded that
the Company was the primary beneficiary of CMI and consolidated the financial results of this entity. 

Effective December 31, 2021, the Company entered
into an asset purchase agreement involving its VIE with Critical Mass Industries, Inc. and John Knapp, the sole shareholder of Critical
Mass Industries, Inc., to divest its discontinued operations, where the buyer assumes all assets and liabilities from the Company. Therefore,
with regards to both criteria discussed above, the Company no longer has the power to direct activities, absorb losses, or receive benefits
from the VIE and as such ceased to consolidate with CMI. 

Income Taxes 

Potential benefits of income tax losses are not
recognized in the accounts until realization is more likely than not. The Company has adopted ASC 740, Income Taxes as
of its inception. ASC 740 prescribes the procedures for recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in
income tax returns. Pursuant to ASC 740 the Company is required to compute tax asset benefits for net operating losses carried forward.
The Company currently carries a deferred tax asset on its balance sheet. 

ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable for a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our consolidated balance sheets as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, and shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the
two years in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, together with the related notes and the report of our independent registered
public accounting firm, are set forth on pages F-1 to F-29 of this report. 

ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

24 

ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Management s Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

We have carried out an evaluation of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and our Chief Financial Officer CFO ), to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosures. Based upon that evaluation, our Company s CEO and CFO concluded that our Company s disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management has not formally documented its procedures
and controls and as such does not have a sufficient basis to assess its internal controls over financial reporting. Management identified
that it did not maintain adequately designed internal control over the preparation and oversight of: 

month-end
 and period-end financial close processes. 

non-routine or complex
 transactions. 

the adoption of new accounting
 standards. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, the end of the annual period covered by
this report and according to the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework , issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 

Based on that evaluation, management has concluded
that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 due
to the existence of significant deficiency in the internal control over financial reporting described below. 

A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or
a combination of deficiencies, in internal controls over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Management has determined that we did not maintain
effective internal controls over financial reporting as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 due to the existence of the following
significant deficiencies identified by management: 

Due to the Company s size, there is insufficient segregation
of duties to prevent or detect on a timely basis a misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. 

Information technology controls are ineffective or lacking,
An IT strategic plan and general controls related to access, change management, segregation of duties, contingency planning, information
security, business applications, and interfaces are not yet adequately implemented, updated and monitored. 

A top-down risk assessment has not yet been performed and
documented by management to identify, analyze, and assess risks related to operations, external financial and non-financial reporting,
internal reporting, compliance, fraud or other changes that could significantly impact the internal control environment. 

Internal controls and related activities that could mitigate
financial statement risks within key business processes have either not been established or are not fully adequate, documented, and/or
maintained. Also, various regulatory compliance issues currently exist at an entity-level related to the control environment component
specific to non-performance and/or insufficient/incomplete performance, document maintenance, review and approval, and the enforcement
of individual accountability. 

Documented accounting and other standard rules, guidelines,
policies and procedures for key functions within the organization (HR, Payroll, Finance, Sales, IT, etc) have either not been established,
are not complete, and/or are not consistently being utilized and monitored against control activities for compliance and ICFR effectiveness. 

A whistle-blower program has not yet been established for
the anonymous reporting, appropriate tracking, investigating, monitoring, and resolving of alleged wrongdoing, personnel complaints and
grievances, without retribution. 

Recurring, formalized employee communication and training
on internal controls and the company s commitment to ICFR has not yet been established. Additionally, a permanent, independent
internal audit solution has not yet been established to perform an ongoing evaluation of the company s key controls and ICFR, continuous
monitoring of corrective actions, and regular reporting of internal control deficiencies and overall effectiveness of the company s
internal control environment. 

25 

We intend to continue to evaluate and strengthen
our internal control over financial reporting. These efforts require significant time and resources. If we are unable to establish adequate
internal control over financial reporting, we may encounter difficulties in the audit or review of our financial statements by our independent
registered public accounting firm, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our ability to prepare financial statements in
accordance with GAAP and to comply with our SEC reporting obligations. 

Management has engaged the services of an experienced
expert in internal controls who has been evaluating our current system and implement a more effective system to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act have been recorded, processed, summarized and reported
accurately. Our management intends to develop or improve procedures to address the current deficiencies to the extent possible by the
end of fiscal 2023. 

Management utilizes external experts to assist
the Company with technical accounting expertise needs as deemed necessary and has engaged a consultant to perform a formal assessment
and remediation of its internal control s framework. However, no assurance can be made at this point that the implementation of
such controls and procedures will be completed in a timely manner or that they will be adequate once implemented. 

Attestation report of Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting because
we are not an accelerated filer or a large accelerated filer . Our management s report was not subject
to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s
report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Management s Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

The Company maintains disclosure controls and
procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer (who is also the Company s
principal executive officer), and our chief financial officer (who is also the Company s principal financial and accounting officer)
to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Thus, in accordance with Rules 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, we carried
out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief
financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, which is the end of the period
covered by this Form 10-K. Based on the evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures, and in light of the significant deficiency
found in our internal controls over financial reporting, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective. The ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures was due to a significant deficiency
identified in our internal control over financial reporting. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There has been no change in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. We have not been able to remediate the significant
deficiency described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Our remediation efforts
will continue to be implemented throughout our 2023 fiscal year. We believe that the controls that we will be implementing will improve
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. As we continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal control
over financial reporting, we may determine to take additional measures to address the significant deficiency or determine to supplement
or modify certain of the remediation measures described above. 

ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

None. 

26 

PART III 

For Part III, the information set forth in our definitive Proxy Statement
for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed within 120 days after December 31, 2022, herby is incorporated by reference into this
Report. 

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our directors and executive officers and their
respective ages, positions, and biographical information are set forth below. 

Name 
 Position 
 Age 
 
 Christian No l 
 Chief Executive Officer Director 
 46 
 
 Philip Mullin 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 69 
 
 Patricia Kovacevic 
 General Counsel, Corporate Secretary 
 52 
 
 Dr. Delon Human 
 Chairman of the Board 
 60 
 
 Mario Gobbo 
 Director 
 69 
 
 Mark Radke 
 Director 
 68 
 
 Simon Langelier 
 Director 
 65 

Christian No l, Chief Executive Officer
 Director 

Christian Noel is a trusted investor and business
strategist, who has held senior positions in financial and investment organizations in Montreal, Canada, for the last 21 years. During
his career, he has acquired extensive experience in risk management, tax planning, wealth management , and financial strategy design
and execution. 

In 2005 he joined Richardson GMP as Vice-President
and Partner. Richardson GMP is a non-bank organization that specializes in portfolio management for high-net-worth individuals and families. 

In 2014 Christian was admitted as a portfolio
manager of GVC Ltd, a boutique wealth management firm based in Montreal, and was subsequently named Partner. At GVC, he developed a deep
understanding of the nascent cannabis industry, building a team to analyze investment opportunities in all facets of the cannabis value
chain, thereby providing clients with a superior range of services. 

Christian expertise spans many different industries
and has performed numerous due diligence activities over the last 20 years. He specializes in small and mid-cap companies as well as
sophisticated alternative investment strategies. Christian is fluent in English and French and possesses a vast network of relationships
in North American, European, and other regional capital markets. 

Philip Mullin, Chief Financial Officer 

Philip Mullin has 30 years experience
as CFO, COO, and in consulting and turnarounds for businesses with revenues of less than 100 million and has served as Chief Financial
Officer of the Company since June, 2019. Mr. Mullin was previously managing director of Somerset Associates LLC, a CFO, accounting, tax
and financial consulting company. Between 2009 and 2019, he operated primarily in consulting and interim CFO roles in multiple sectors
including fintech, blockchain, drones, recycling, medical marijuana, and electrical power generation. From 2003-09, Mr. Mullin was a
partner of Tatum Partners, a human capital firm engaged in providing CFO services. Within Tatum, Mr. Mullin served in numerous leadership
roles: from 2006-09, as CFO of Zi Corporation, a leading software development company specializing in mobile phones, which was sold in
April 2009 to Nuance Communications; from 2003-06, as interim CFO of Homax Products, Vice President Finance of Yakima Products, and as
a consultant in several engagements in industrial construction, manufacturing and air transportation. From 2001-03, he served as turnaround
consultant to companies in the telecom sector; from 1995-2001, he was engaged in various C-level capacities in a public entity that was
restructured and eventually became International DisplayWorks, a manufacturer of LCD displays based in Rocklin, California with operations
in Shenzhen, China, which was later sold to Flextronics. 

27 

Mr. Mullin began his career in banking in 1982
after completing his MBA from University of Western Ontario Richard Ivey School of Business in London, Ontario, Canada and BA in Economics
from Wilfrid Laurier University, in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada. 

Patricia Kovacevic, General Counsel 
Head of External Affairs 

An experienced legal and compliance department
leader, Patricia I. Kovacevic s career comprises leading senior legal and regulatory positions with FDA-regulated multinationals,
including Philip Morris International and Lorillard, as well as partner roles with large law firms. 

Her expertise includes corporate law, compliance,
M A, US and global food, drug, nicotine and consumer goods regulation, cannabis/CBD regulation, external affairs and the legal framework
applicable to marketing, media communications, investigations, FCPA, trade sanctions, privacy, intellectual property, product development
and launch. She also led cross-disciplinary teams engaged in scientific research efforts. She has served on various trade association
bodies and conference advisory boards. Ms. Kovacevic authored several articles on nicotine regulation, co-authored an academic treatise,
 The Regulation of E-Cigarettes and is often invited as a keynote speaker or panelist before global conferences and government
agencies public hearings. 

Patricia Kovacevic is an attorney admitted to
practice in New York, before the U.S. Tax Court, before the U.S. Court of International Trade and before the Supreme Court of the United
States. She holds a Juris Doctor (Doctor of Law) degree from Columbia Law School in New York and completed the Harvard Business School
 Corporate Leader executive education program. Ms. Kovacevic speaks several languages, including French, Italian, Spanish,
Romanian and Croatian. 

Dr. Delon Human, Chairman of the Board 

Dr. Delon Human, M.B.Ch.B., M.Prax.Med, MFGP,
DCH, MBA serves as President of the Board of Directors of Cryomass Technologies Inc 

He is an experienced global business leader,
published author and health technology consultant. He serves as President of Health Diplomats, a specialized health, technology
and nutrition consulting group, operating worldwide. Health Diplomats clients include Fortune 500 companies such as Johnson Johnson,
Pfizer, Nestl , McDonald s, Nicoventures, BAT, ABInBev, foundations such as the IKEA Foundation, Rockefeller Foundation,
PepsiCo Foundation; governments such as Ireland, South Africa, Kuwait and Taiwan and NGOs such as the International Food and Beverage
Alliance (IFBA). 

From 2016 to 2020, he served as Director (Vice-Chairman)
of the Board of Pharmacielo, a biopharmaceutical health wellness company, from its early phase, to its listing on the Toronto Stock
Exchange. Since August 2019, he has also served on the board of Redwood Green Corporation (now called Cryomass Technologies Inc), from
December 2019 as Chairman of the Board. This company is listed on the USA OTCQX stock exchange. In addition, he serves on the board of
the Fio Corporation, a big data and medical diagnostics company. 

He has acted as adviser to three WHO Directors-General
and to UN Secretary-General Ban Ki Moon. Up to 2014 he served as Secretary-General and Special Envoy to WHO / UN of the International
Food and Beverage Alliance, a group of leading food and non-alcoholic beverage companies with a global presence (including Unilever,
Nestl , McDonald s, Coca-Cola, PepsiCo, Ferrero, Mars, General Mills, Mondel z and the Bel Group). He serves on the
Board of Directors / Advisory Boards of selected health, wellness and medical diagnostics companies. 

Up to 2005, Dr. Human served as secretary general
of the World Medical Association (WMA), the global representative body for physicians. He was instrumental in the establishment of the
World Health Professions Alliance, an alliance of the global representative bodies of physicians, nurses, pharmacists, dentists and physical
therapists. During 2006 he was elected to serve as the secretary-general of the Africa Medical Association (AfMA). He is a fellow of
the Russian and Romanian Academies of Medical Sciences. He is a published author, international lecturer and health care consultant specializing
in global health strategy, corporate and product transformation, harm reduction, access to healthcare and health communication. He authored
the book Wise Nicotine in 2009, in which the preferred future for tobacco harm reduction and the emergence of next generation
nicotine products was described. Editor of the book Caring Physicians of the World , a project in collaboration with Pfizer
Inc. 

28 

He was a clinician for two decades, part of the
pediatric endocrinology research and diabetes unit at the John Radcliffe Hospital and was involved in the establishment of several medical
centers, a hospital and emergency clinic in South Africa. 

Dr. Human qualified as a physician in South Africa
and completed his postgraduate studies in family medicine and child health in South Africa and Oxford, England. His business studies
(MBA) were completed at the Edinburgh Business School. 

Mario Gobbo, Director 

Mario Gobbo has 35 years of banking and corporate
finance experience in healthcare and energy. His expertise encompasses venture capital and private equity as well as investment banking
and strategic advisory services. Mr. Gobbo was acting CFO of Xcovery, a cancer-based biotech company and currently serves on the Supervisory
Board and is Chair of Cinkarna Celje, a fine chemicals for paints (titanium dioxide) company in Celje, Slovenia. Until recently, he was
on the board of Zavarovalnica Triglav, the largest Slovene insurance company spearheading healthcare insurance in Central Europe and
was Chairman of the Board and is Chair of the Audit Committee of Helix BioPharma, a Toronto-listed biotech company developing interesting
novel complex biomolecules to combat various cancers. As an executive director, he was also on the board of Lazard Brothers, London. 

While Managing Director for Health Care Capital
Markets and Advisory with Natixis Bleichroeder in New York, from 2006 to 2009, he secured transactions for the bank s M A and
equity capital markets pharmaceuticals and life sciences group. He obtained mandates for several IPOs and follow-on transactions on NASDAQ,
as well as advisory assignments for health care and medical devices companies. When with the International Finance Corporation, a World
Bank Group institution dealing with private sector investments, the team he led completed several highly successful equity and loan investments
in biotech and generic pharmaceutical companies and funds in India, Latin America, China and Central Europe. From 1993 to 2001, he was
with Lazard in London, where he created and managed their Central and Eastern European operations, including Turkey. Mr. Gobbo advised
on M A, fundraising and privatization efforts for several key firms in the region. 

Mario Gobbo holds a Bachelor of Arts in Organic
Chemistry from Harvard College, a Master of Science in Biochemistry from the University of Colorado and an MBA, a Master of Business
Economics and a PhD (Management) from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. 

Mark Radke, Director 

Mark Radke is a lawyer with a distinguished career
in the area of financial services, specializing in federal securities regulation. As the Chief of Staff of the Securities and Exchange
Commission under Chairman Harvey Pitt, he was responsible for that agency s rulemaking in response to the Sarbanes Oxley Act. In
private practice, as partner at several multinational law firms, he has represented corporations, brokerage and accounting firms, hedge
funds and individuals on corporate governance, compliance, and regulatory issues involving not only the SEC but other federal and state
regulators. 

He was active in advising clients on legislative
initiatives that lead to the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010, and in subsequent efforts to extend, implement or amend various components of that
and other federal securities legislation. 

As an adjunct professor at the Georgetown University
Law Center, he has taught classes in aspects of securities regulation since 1999. He holds a B.A., University of Washington, J.D., University
of Baltimore, LI.M., Securities Regulation, Georgetown University Law Center. 

29 

Simon Langelier, Director 

Simon Langelier had a 30-year career with industry
leader Philip Morris International, serving in several senior positions, including President Eastern Europe, Middle East Africa,
President Eastern Asia and President of Next Generation Products Adjacent Businesses. He was also Managing Director in numerous
countries in Europe as well as Colombia. 

Between June 2017 and February 2023 Mr. Langelier
was a non-executive director at Imperial Brands PLC, a British multinational company with a comprehensive portfolio of traditional and
non-combustible tobacco and nicotine products. He also served as Chairman of the Board of PharmaCielo Ltd from August 2015 through June
2021. 

Mr. Langelier is currently an Honorary Professorial
Fellow at Lancaster University in the U.K, a member of the Dean s Council of that university s Management School and a BSc
Management Sciences graduate from the same institution. 

Information Concerning the Board of Directors
and Certain Committees 

The Board of Directors currently consists of
five directors, four of whom the Board of Directors has determined are independent within the meaning of the rules of the OTCQX, which
the Company has adopted as its definition of independence in the Audit Committee Charter. The Board of Directors held four regularly
scheduled meetings during the 2022 fiscal year. Each of the directors attended all meetings of the Board of Directors and committees
on which they served during the 2022 fiscal year. The Board of Directors does not have a formal policy governing director attendance
at its annual meeting of stockholders. 

The standing committees of the Board of Directors
are the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, each of which was formed in
2019. 

Audit Committee . The purpose of the Audit
Committee is to oversee (i) the integrity of our financial statements and disclosures, (ii) our compliance with legal and
regulatory requirements, (iii) the qualifications, independence and performance of our independent auditing firm (the External
Auditor ), (iv) the performance of our External Auditors, (v) our internal control systems, and (vi) our procedures
for monitoring compliance with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 

The Audit Committee held four formal meetings
during fiscal year 2022. The current members of the Audit Committee are Messrs. Gobbo (Chair) and Radke. 

The Board of Directors has determined that each
member of the Audit Committee meets the independence standards set forth in Rule 10A-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act and the independence
standards set forth in the rules of the OTCQX. The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Gobbo qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K, promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

The Audit Committee operates under a written
charter that is reviewed annually. Under the charter, the Audit Committee is required to pre-approve the audit and non-audit services
to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

Our Audit Committee meets on a regular basis,
at least quarterly and more frequently as necessary. Our Audit Committee s primary function is to assist our Board of Directors
in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities by reviewing the financial information to be provided to stockholders and others, reviewing
our system of internal controls, which management has established, overseeing the audit and financial reporting process, including the
preapproval of services performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, and overseeing certain areas of risk management. 

Compensation Committee . The Compensation
Committee reviews the compensation strategy of the Company and consults with the Chief Executive Officer, as needed, regarding the role
of our compensation strategy in achieving our objectives and performance goals and the long-term interests of our stockholders. The Compensation
Committee has direct responsibility for approving the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and makes recommendations to the Board
with respect to our other executive officers. The term executive officer has the same meaning specified for the term officer 
in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act. 

Our Chief Executive Officer sets the compensation
of anyone whose compensation is not set by the Board and reports to the Board regarding the basis for any such compensation if requested
by it. 

30 

The Compensation Committee may retain compensation
consultants, outside counsel and other advisors as the Board deems appropriate to assist it in discharging its duties. 

The Compensation Committee held one formal meeting
during fiscal year 2022. The members of the Compensation Committee are Dr. Human (Chair), and Mr. Langelier. 

The Compensation Committee operates under a written
charter that is reviewed annually. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee .
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee identifies and recommends to the Board individuals qualified to be nominated for election
to the Board and recommends to the Board the members and Chairperson for each Board committee. 

In addition to stockholders general nominating
rights provided in our Bylaws, stockholders may recommend director candidates for consideration by the Board. The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee will consider director candidates recommended by stockholders if the recommendations are sent to the Board in accordance
with the procedures in the bylaws. All director nominations submitted by stockholders to the Board for its consideration must include
all of the required information set forth in our Bylaws. 

Director Qualifications . In selecting
nominees for director, without regard to the source of the recommendation, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee believes
that each director nominee should be evaluated based on his or her individual merits, taking into account the needs of the Company and
the composition of the Board. Members of the Board should have the highest professional and personal ethics, consistent with our values
and standards and Code of Ethics. At a minimum, a nominee must possess integrity, skill, leadership ability, financial sophistication,
and capacity to help guide us. Nominees should be committed to enhancing stockholder value and should have sufficient time to carry out
their duties and to provide insight and practical wisdom based on their experiences. Their service on other boards of public companies
should be limited to a number that permits them, given their individual circumstances, to responsibly perform all director duties. In
addition, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers all applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and the requirements
of any exchange upon which our common stock is listed or to which it may apply in the foreseeable future. 

Evaluation of Director Nominees . The Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee will typically employ a variety of methods for identifying and evaluating nominees for director. The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee regularly assesses the appropriate size of the Board and whether any vacancies on the Board
are expected due to retirement or otherwise. In the event that vacancies are anticipated, or otherwise arise, the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee will consider various potential candidates for director. Candidates may come to the attention of the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee through current directors, stockholders, or other companies or persons. The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee does not evaluate director candidates recommended by stockholders differently than director candidates recommended
by other sources. Director candidates may be evaluated at regular or special meetings of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
and may be considered at any point during the year. 

We do not have a formal policy with regard to
the consideration of diversity in identifying director nominees, but the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee strives to nominate
directors with a variety of complementary skills so that, as a group, the Board will possess the appropriate talent, skills, and expertise
to oversee our businesses. In evaluating director nominations, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee seeks to achieve a balance
of knowledge, experience, and capability on the Board. In connection with this evaluation, the Audit and Executive Oversight Committee
will make a determination of whether to interview a prospective nominee based upon the Board s level of interest. If warranted,
one or more members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and others as appropriate, will interview prospective nominees
in person or by telephone. After completing this evaluation and any appropriate interviews, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
will recommend the director nominees after consideration of all its directors input. The director nominees are then selected by
a majority of the independent directors on the Board, meeting in executive session and considering the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee s recommendations. 

31 

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
did not hold any meetings during the fiscal year 2022. The members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are Messrs. Radke
(Chair) and Mr. Langelier. 

The Board of Directors has determined that each
member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee meets the independence standards set forth in Rule 10A-3 promulgated under
the Exchange Act and the independence standards set forth in the New York Stock Exchange. 

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
operates under a written charter that is reviewed annually. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the
Company s directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10 or more of a class of securities registered under
Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership with the SEC. Directors, executive
officers and greater than 10 stockholders are required by the rules and regulations of the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of
all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a). 

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019,
the Company and its officers, directors and 10 shareholders Reporting Persons were not subject to the insider trading
reports under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). On March 23, 2020 the Company became
a reporting company under the Exchange Act and from that date Reporting Persons will be responsible for such filings. At time of filing,
all such reports that should have been filed have been filed. 

Code of Ethics and Business Conduct 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies
to all employees including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller,
or persons performing similar functions. Our Code of Ethics is designed to deter wrongdoing and promote: (i) honest and ethical
conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships;
(ii) full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file with, or submit to, the SEC
and in our other public communications; (iii) compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; (iv) the
prompt internal reporting of violations of the code to an appropriate person or persons identified in the code; and (v) accountability
for adherence to the code. Our Code of Ethics is available on our website at cryomass.com. 

Legal Proceedings 

Legal proceedings covering a dispute arising
from a past employment agreement is pending against the Company s former business partner, CMI. In Gaudio v. Critical Mass Industries,
LLC et al, CMI s motion to set aside a default judgment was granted April 26, 2021 and a mandatory mediation settlement conference
is scheduled for March 30, 2023. It is possible that there could be adverse developments in the Gaudio case. An unfavorable outcome or
settlement of pending litigation could encourage the commencement of additional litigation against CMI or the Company. We and our subsidiaries
will record provisions in the consolidated financial statements for pending litigation when we determine that an unfavorable outcome
is probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. At the present time, while it is reasonably possible that an unfavorable
outcome in the Gaudio case may occur, (i) management is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss that our Company would
undergo that could result from an unfavorable outcome or settlement in Gaudio; and (iii) accordingly, management has not provided any
amounts in the consolidated financial statements for an unfavorable outcome in this case, if applicable. Any applicable legal advice
costs are expensed as incurred. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among our directors
or executive officers. 

32 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None of our directors, executive officers, promoters
or control persons has been involved in any events requiring disclosure under Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K, except as follows: 

ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table sets forth, for the years
indicated, all compensation paid, distributed or earned for services, including salary and bonus amounts, rendered in all capacities
by the Company s named executive officers during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The information contained
below represents compensation earned by the Company s officers for their work related to the Company: 

Name and Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Share-based 
awards ) 
 Option-based 
awards ) 
 Total 
compensation ) 
 
 Christian Noel, Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 
 387,000 
 148,945 
 - 
 535,945 

2021 
 240,000 
 981,000 
 - 
 1,221,000 

Christopher Hansen, Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2021 
 75,000 
 70,000 
 - 
 145,000 

Philip Mullin, Chief Financial Officer 
 2022 
 290,400 
 182,500 
 - 
 472,900 

2021 
 264,000 
 54,000 
 - 
 318,000 

Patricia Kovacevic, General Counsel 
 2022 
 266,200 
 76,445 
 - 
 342,645 
 
 Head of External Affairs 
 2021 
 230,083 
 13,500 
 258,003 
 501,586 

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR END 

The following table provides information regarding
the incentive plan awards for each named executive officer outstanding as of December 31, 2022: 

Outstanding Share Awards and Option Awards
as of December 31, 2022 

Option-based Awards (1) 
 Share-based Awards 
 
 Name and Position 
 Number of 
securities 
underlying 
unexercised 
options 
(#) 
 Option 
 exercise 
price ) 
 Value of 
unexercised 
in-the-money 
options as at 
December 31, 
2022 
 Number of 
shares or 
units of 
shares that 
have not 
vested 
 Market or 
payout 
value of 
share 
awards that 
have not 
vested 
 
 Christian Noel, Chief Executive Officer 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Philip Mullin, Chief Financial Officer 
 2,000,000 
 0.16 
 50,200 
 - 
 - 
 
 Patricia Kovacevic, General Counsel Head of External Affairs 
 1,000,000 
 0.29 
 - 
 - 
 - 

The following table provides information regarding
the value vested or earned on incentive plan awards during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Incentive Plan Awards Value Vested
or Earned During the Year 

Name and Position 
 Option-based 
awards-Value 
vested 
during the 
year (1) 
 ) 
 Share-based 
awards-Value 
 vested 
during the 
year ) 
 
 Christian Noel, Chief Executive Officer 
 N/A 
 130,850 
 
 Philip Mullin, Chief Financial Officer 
 N/A 
 240,000 
 
 Patricia Kovacevic, General Counsel Head of External Affairs 
 N/A 
 63,475 

33 

Re-pricing of Options 

We did not re-price any options previously granted
to our executive officers during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Director Compensation 

The general policy of the Board is that compensation
for independent directors should be a fair mix between cash and equity-based compensation. Additionally, the Company reimburses directors
for reasonable expenses incurred during the course of their performance. There are no long-term incentive or medical reimbursement plans.
the Company does not pay directors, who are part of management, for Board service in addition to their regular employee compensation.
The Board determines the amount of director compensation. The board may appoint a compensation committee to take on this role. 

Director Compensation Table 

The following table provides information regarding
compensation paid to the Company s directors (other than a director who was a named executive officer) during the year ended December
31, 2022: 

Name 
 Fees 
earned ) 
 Share-based 
awards ) 
 Option-based 
awards ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Dr. Delon Human 
 32,000 
 186,100 
 - 
 218,100 
 
 Mario Gobbo 
 32,000 
 186,100 
 - 
 218,100 
 
 Mark Radke 
 32,000 
 186,100 
 - 
 218,100 
 
 Simon Langelier 
 30,578 
 - 
 
 30,578 

2019 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 

The Company adopted its 2019 Omnibus Stock Incentive
Plan (the 2019 Plan ), which was then replaced by the 2022 Stock Incentive plan when it was approved by the shareholders
on January 10, 2022 (collectively the Stock Incentive Plans ), provides for the issuance of stock options, stock grants and RSUs
to employees, directors and consultants. The primary purpose of the Stock Incentive Plans is to enhance the ability to attract, motivate,
and retain the services of qualified employees, officers and directors. Any RSUs granted under the Stock Incentive Plans will be at the
discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. 

2022 Stock Incentive plan 

General 

The board of directors of the Company have adopted
the 2022 Stock Incentive Plan (Incentive Plan), ratified by the Company s stockholders at the January 10, 2022 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders. The purpose of the Incentive Plan is to advance the interests of the Company and its stockholders by enabling the
Company and its subsidiaries to attract and retain qualified individuals to perform services, to provide incentive compensation for such
individuals in a form that is linked to the growth and profitability of the Company and increases in stockholder value, and to provide
opportunities for equity participation that align the interests of recipients with those of its stockholders. 

34 

The Incentive Plan will permit the board of directors
of the Company, or a committee or subcommittee thereof, to grant to eligible employees, non-employee directors and consultants
of the Company and its subsidiaries non-statutory and incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights (SARs), restricted stock
awards, restricted stock units (RSUs), deferred stock units, performance awards, non-employee director awards, and other stock-based awards.
Subject to adjustment, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock to be authorized for issuance under the Incentive Plan is 14.6 of
the outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

The Incentive Plan was approved by a majority
vote of shareholders on January 10, 2022. 

Summary of the Incentive Plan 

The following is a summary of the principal features
of the Incentive Plan. The summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Incentive Plan, which is set
forth in Exhibit 10.6. 

Purpose 

The purpose of the Incentive Plan is to advance
the interests of the Company and its stockholders by enabling the Company and its subsidiaries to attract and retain qualified individuals
to perform services, to provide incentive compensation for such individuals in a form that is linked to the growth and profitability
of the Company and increases in stockholder value, and to provide opportunities for equity participation that align the interests of
recipients with those of its stockholders. 

Administration 

The board of directors of the Company will administer
the Incentive Plan. The board has the authority under the Incentive Plan to delegate plan administration to a committee of the board
or a subcommittee thereof. The board of directors of the Company or the committee of the board to which administration of the Incentive
Plan has been delegated is referred to as the Committee. Subject to certain limitations, the Committee will have broad authority under
the terms of the Incentive Plan to take certain actions under the plan. 

To the extent permitted by applicable law, the
Committee may delegate to one or more of its members or to one or more officers of the Company such administrative duties or powers,
as it may deem advisable. The Committee may authorize one or more directors or officers of the Company to designate employees,
other than officers, non-employee directors, or 10 stockholders of the Company, to receive awards under the Incentive Plan and
determine the size of any such awards, subject to certain limitations. 

No Re-pricing 

The Committee may not, without prior approval
of the the Company stockholders, effect any re-pricing of any previously granted underwater option or SAR
by: (i) amending or modifying the terms of the option or SAR to lower the exercise price or grant price; (ii) canceling the underwater
option or SAR in exchange for (A) cash; (B) replacement options or SARs having a lower exercise price or grant price; or (C) other
awards; or (iii) repurchasing the underwater options or SARs and granting new awards under the Incentive Plan. An option or SAR will
be deemed to be underwater at any time when the fair market value of Common Stock is less than the exercise price
of the option or the grant price of the SAR. 

35 

Stock Subject to the Incentive Plan 

Subject to adjustment (as described below), the maximum
number of shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance under the Incentive Plan is 30,000,000 shares. 

Shares that are issued under the Incentive Plan
or that are subject to outstanding awards will be applied to reduce the maximum number of shares remaining available for issuance
under the Incentive Plan only to the extent they are used; provided, however, that the full number of shares subject to a stock-settled SAR
or other stock-based award will be counted against the shares authorized for issuance under the Incentive Plan, regardless of the
number of shares actually issued upon settlement of such SAR or other stock-based award. Any shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding
obligations on awards issued under the Incentive Plan, any shares withheld to pay the exercise price or grant price of awards under the
Incentive Plan and any shares not issued or delivered as a result of the net exercise of an outstanding option or settlement
of a SAR in shares will not be counted against the shares authorized for issuance under the Incentive Plan and will be available again
for grant under the Incentive Plan. Shares subject to awards settled in cash will again be available for issuance pursuant to awards
granted under the Incentive Plan. Any shares related to awards granted under the Incentive Plan that terminate by expiration, forfeiture,
cancellation or otherwise without the issuance of the shares will be available again for grant under the Incentive Plan. Any shares repurchased
by the Company on the open market using the proceeds from the exercise of an award will not increase the number of shares available for
future grant of awards. To the extent permitted by applicable law, shares issued in assumption of, or in substitution for, any outstanding
awards of any entity acquired in any form of combination by the Company or a subsidiary or otherwise will not be counted against shares
available for issuance pursuant to the Incentive Plan. The shares available for issuance under the Incentive Plan may be authorized and
unissued shares or treasury shares. 

Adjustments 

In the event of any reorganization, merger, consolidation,
recapitalization, liquidation, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, combination of shares, rights offering, divestiture or
extraordinary dividend (including a spin off) or other similar change in the corporate structure or shares of Common Stock, the Committee
will make the appropriate adjustment or substitution. These adjustments or substitutions may be to the number and kind of securities
and property that may be available for issuance under the Incentive Plan. In order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the rights of
participants, the Committee may also adjust the number, kind, and exercise price or grant price of securities or other property
subject to outstanding awards. 

Eligible Participants 

Awards may be granted to employees, non-employee directors
and consultants of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. A consultant for purposes of the Incentive Plan is one who renders
services to the Company or its subsidiaries that are not in connection with the offer and sale of its securities in a capital raising
transaction and do not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for its securities. 

Types of Awards 

The Incentive Plan will permit the Company to
grant non-statutory and incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, deferred
stock units, performance awards, non-employee director awards and other stock-based awards. Awards may be granted either alone or in
addition to or in tandem with any other type of award. 

Stock Options . Stock options entitle
the holder to purchase a specified number of shares of Common Stock at a specified price, which is called the exercise price, subject
to the terms and conditions of the stock option grant. The Incentive Plan permits the grant of both non-statutory and incentive
stock options. Incentive stock options may be granted solely to eligible employees of the Company or its subsidiary. Each stock option
granted under the Incentive Plan must be evidenced by an award agreement that specifies the exercise price, the term, the number of shares
underlying the stock option, the vesting and any other conditions. The exercise price of each stock option granted under the Incentive
Plan must be at least 100 of the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as of the date the award is granted to a participant.
Fair market value under the plan means, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the closing sale price of Common Stock, as reported
on the Nasdaq Stock Market, on the grant date. The Committee will fix the terms and conditions of each stock option, subject to
certain restrictions, such as a ten-year maximum term. 

36 

Stock Appreciation Rights . A stock appreciation
right, or SAR, is a right granted to receive payment of cash, stock or a combination of both, equal to the excess of the fair market
value of shares of Common Stock on the exercise date over the grant price of such shares. Each SAR granted must be evidenced by an award
agreement that specifies the grant price, the term, and such other provisions as the Committee may determine. The grant price of a SAR
must be at least 100 of the fair market value of Common Stock on the date of grant. The Committee will fix the term of each SAR, but
SARs granted under the Incentive Plan will not be exercisable more than 10 years after the date the SAR is granted. 

Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock
Units and Deferred Stock Units . Restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, or RSUs, and/or deferred stock units may be granted
under the Incentive Plan. A restricted stock award is an award of Common Stock that is subject to restrictions on transfer and risk
of forfeiture upon certain events, typically including termination of service. RSUs or deferred stock units are similar to restricted
stock awards except that no shares are actually awarded to the participant on the grant date. Deferred stock units permit the holder
to receive shares of Common Stock or the equivalent value in cash or other property at a future time as determined by the Committee.
The Committee will determine, and set forth in an award agreement, the period of restriction, the number of shares of restricted stock
awards or the number of RSUs or deferred stock units granted, the time of payment for deferred stock units and other such conditions
or restrictions. 

Performance Awards . Performance awards,
in the form of cash, shares of Common Stock, other awards or a combination of both, may be granted under the Incentive Plan in such amounts
and upon such terms as the Committee may determine. The Committee shall determine, and set forth in an award agreement, the amount of
cash and/or number of shares or other awards, the performance goals, the performance periods and other terms and conditions. The extent
to which the participant achieves his or her performance goals during the applicable performance period will determine the amount of
cash and/or number of shares or other awards earned by the participant. 

Non-Employee Director Awards . The
Committee at any time and from time to time may approve resolutions providing for the automatic grant to non-employee directors
of non-statutory stock options or SARs. The Committee may also at any time and from time-to-time grant on a discretionary basis
to non-employee directors non-statutory stock options or SARs. In either case, any such awards may be granted singly, in
combination, or in tandem, and may be granted pursuant to such terms, conditions and limitations as the Committee may establish in its
sole discretion consistent with the provisions of the Incentive Plan. The Committee may permit non-employee directors to elect to receive
all or any portion of their annual retainers, meeting fees or other fees in restricted stock, RSUs, deferred stock units or other stock-based awards
in lieu of cash. Under the Incentive Plan the sum of any cash compensation, or other compensation, and the value (determined as of the
grant date in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, or any successor thereto)
of awards granted to a non-employee director as compensation for services as a non-employee director during any fiscal
year of the Company may not exceed 250,000 (increased to 350,000 with respect to any director serving as Chairman of the Board or Lead
Independent Director or in the fiscal year of a director s initial service as a director). 

Other Stock-Based Awards . Consistent
with the terms of the plan, other stock-based awards may be granted to participants in such amounts and upon such terms as the
Committee may determine. 

Dividend Equivalents . With the exception
of stock options, SARs and unvested performance awards, awards under the Incentive Plan may, in the Committee s discretion, earn
dividend equivalents with respect to the cash or stock dividends or other distributions that would have been paid on the shares of Common
Stock covered by such award had such shares been issued and outstanding on the dividend payment date. However, no dividends or dividend
equivalents may be paid on unvested awards. Such dividend equivalents will be converted to cash or additional shares of Common Stock
by such formula and at such time and subject to such limitations as determined by the Committee. 

37 

Termination of Employment or Other Service 

The Incentive Plan provides for certain default
rules in the event of a termination of a participant s employment or other service. These default rules may be modified in an award
agreement or an individual agreement between the Company and a participant. If a participant s employment or other service
with the Company is terminated for cause, then all outstanding awards held by such participant will be terminated and forfeited. In the
event a participant s employment or other service with the Company is terminated by reason of death, disability or retirement,
then: 

All outstanding stock options
 (excluding non-employee director options in the case of retirement) and SARs held by the participant will, to the extent exercisable,
 remain exercisable for a period of one year after such termination, but not later than the date the stock options or SARs expire; 

All outstanding stock options
 and SARs that are not exercisable and all outstanding restricted stock will be terminated and forfeited; and 

All
outstanding unvested RSUs, performance awards and other stock-based awards held by the participant will terminate and be forfeited.
However, with respect to any awards that vest based on the achievement of performance goals, if a participant s employment or
other service with the Company or any subsidiary is terminated prior to the end of the performance period of such award, but after the
conclusion of a portion of the performance period (but in no event less than one year), the Committee may, in its sole discretion, cause
shares to be delivered or payment made with respect to the participant s award, but only if otherwise earned for the entire performance
period and only with respect to the portion of the applicable performance period completed at the date of such event, with proration
based on the number of months or years that the participant was employed or performed services during the performance period. 

In the event a participant s employment
or other service with the Company is terminated by reason other than for cause, death, disability or retirement, then: 

All outstanding stock options
 (including non-employee director options) and SARs held by the participant that then are exercisable will remain exercisable
 for three months after the date of such termination, but will not be exercisable later than the date the stock options or SARs expire; 

All outstanding restricted
 stock will be terminated and forfeited; and 

All outstanding unvested
 RSUs, performance awards and other stock-based awards will be terminated and forfeited. However, with respect to any awards
 that vest based on the achievement of performance goals, if a participant s employment or other service with the Company or
 any subsidiary is terminated prior to the end of the performance period of such award, but after the conclusion of a portion of the
 performance period (but in no event less than one year), the Committee may, in its sole discretion, cause shares to be delivered
 or payment made with respect to the participant s award, but only if otherwise earned for the entire performance period and
 only with respect to the portion of the applicable performance period completed at the date of such event, with proration based
 on the number of months or years that the participant was employed or performed services during the performance period. 

38 

Modification of Rights upon Termination 

Upon a participant s termination of employment
or other service with the Company or any subsidiary, the Committee may, in its sole discretion (which may be exercised at any time on
or after the grant date, including following such termination) cause stock options or SARs (or any part thereof) held by such participant
as of the effective date of such termination to terminate, become or continue to become exercisable or remain exercisable following
such termination of employment or service, and restricted stock, RSUs, deferred stock units, performance awards, non-employee director
awards and other stock-based awards held by such participant as of the effective date of such termination to terminate, vest or
become free of restrictions and conditions to payment, as the case may be, following such termination of employment or service,
in each case in the manner determined by the Committee; provided, however, that no stock option or SAR may remain exercisable beyond
its expiration date any such action by the Committee adversely affecting any outstanding award will not be effective without the consent
of the affected participant, except to the extent the Committee is authorized by the Incentive Plan to take such action. 

Forfeiture and Recoupment 

If a participant is determined by the Committee
to have taken any action while providing services to the Company or within one year after termination of such services, that would constitute
 cause or an adverse action, as such terms are defined in the Incentive Plan, all rights of the participant
under the Incentive Plan and any agreements evidencing an award then held by the participant will terminate and be forfeited. The Committee
has the authority to rescind the exercise, vesting, issuance or payment in respect of any awards of the participant that were exercised,
vested, issued or paid, and require the participant to pay to the Company, within 10 days of receipt of notice, any amount received or
the amount gained as a result of any such rescinded exercise, vesting, issuance or payment. the Company may defer the exercise of
any stock option or SAR for up to six months after receipt of notice of exercise in order for the Board to determine whether cause 
or adverse action exists. The Company is entitled to withhold and deduct future wages or make other arrangements to collect
any amount due. 

In addition, if the Company is required to prepare
an accounting restatement due to material noncompliance, as a result of misconduct, with any financial reporting requirement under the
securities laws, then any participant who is one of the individuals subject to automatic forfeiture under Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 will reimburse the Company for the amount of any award received by such individual under the Incentive Plan during the 12 month
period following the first public issuance or filing with the SEC, as the case may be, of the financial document embodying such financial
reporting requirement. The Company also may seek to recover any award made as required by the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or any other clawback, forfeiture or recoupment provision required by applicable law or
under the requirements of any stock exchange or market upon which Common Stock is then listed or traded or any policy adopted by the
Company. 

Effect of Change in Control 

Generally, a change in control will mean: 

The acquisition, other
 than from the Company, by any individual, entity or group of beneficial ownership of 50 or more of the then outstanding shares
 of Common Stock; 

The consummation of a reorganization,
 merger or consolidation of the Company with respect to which all or substantially all of the individuals or entities who were the
 beneficial owners of Common Stock immediately prior to the transaction do not, following the transaction, beneficially own more than
 50 of the outstanding shares of common stock and voting securities of the corporation resulting from the transaction; or 

A complete liquidation
 or dissolution of the Company or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company. 

Subject to the terms of the applicable award
agreement or an individual agreement between the Company and a participant, upon a change in control, the Committee may, in its discretion,
determine whether some or all outstanding options and SARs shall become exercisable in full or in part, whether the restriction period
and performance period applicable to some or all outstanding restricted stock awards and RSUs shall lapse in full or in part and whether
the performance measures applicable to some or all outstanding awards shall be deemed to be satisfied. The Committee may further
require that shares of stock of the corporation resulting from such a change in control, or a parent corporation thereof, be substituted
for some or all of the shares of Common Stock subject to an outstanding award and that any outstanding awards, in whole or in part, be
surrendered to the Company by the holder, to be immediately cancelled by the Company, in exchange for a cash payment, shares of capital
stock of the corporation resulting from or succeeding the Company or a combination of both cash and such shares of stock. 

39 

Term, Termination and Amendment 

Unless sooner terminated by the Board, the Incentive
Plan will terminate at midnight on the day before the ten year anniversary of its effective date. No award will be granted
after termination of the Incentive Plan, but awards outstanding upon termination of the Incentive Plan will remain outstanding in accordance
with their applicable terms and conditions and the terms and conditions of the Incentive Plan. 

Subject to certain exceptions, the Board has
the authority to suspend or terminate the Incentive Plan or terminate any outstanding award agreement and the Board has the authority
to amend the Incentive Plan or amend or modify the terms of any outstanding award at any time and from time to time. No amendments to
the Incentive Plan will be effective without approval of the Company stockholders if: (a) stockholder approval of the amendment
is then required pursuant to Section 422 of the Code, the rules of the primary stock exchange on which Common Stock is then traded,
applicable U.S. state and federal laws or regulations and the applicable laws of any foreign country or jurisdiction where awards are,
or will be, granted under the Incentive Plan; or (b) such amendment would: (i) materially increase benefits accruing to participants;
(ii) modify the re-pricing provisions of the Incentive Plan; (iii) increase the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issued
or issuable under the Incentive Plan; (iv) increase any limitation set forth in the Incentive Plan on the number of shares of Common
Stock which may be issued or the aggregate value of awards which may be made, in respect of any type of award to any single participant
during any specified period; (v) modify the eligibility requirements for participants in the Incentive Plan; or (vi) reduce the minimum
exercise price or grant price as set forth in the Incentive Plan. No termination, suspension or amendment of the Incentive Plan or an
award agreement shall adversely affect any award previously granted under the Incentive Plan without the written consent of the participant
holding such award. 

Federal Income Tax Information 

The following is a general summary, as of the
date of this prospectus/proxy statement, of the federal income tax consequences to participants and the Company of transactions under
the Incentive Plan. This summary is intended for the information of stockholders considering how to vote at the Annual Meeting and not
as tax guidance to participants in the Incentive Plan, as the consequences may vary with the types of grants made, the identity of the
participant and the method of payment or settlement. The summary does not address the effects of other federal taxes or taxes imposed
under state, local or foreign tax laws. Participants are encouraged to seek the advice of a qualified tax advisor regarding the
tax consequences of participation in the Incentive Plan. 

Tax Consequences of Awards 

Incentive Stock Options . With respect
to incentive stock options, generally, the participant is not taxed, and the Company is not entitled to a deduction, on either the grant
or the exercise of an incentive stock option so long as the requirements of Section 422 of the Code continue to be met. If the participant
meets the employment requirements and does not dispose of the shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of an incentive stock option
until at least one year after date of the exercise of the stock option and at least two years after the date the stock option was
granted, gain or loss realized on sale of the shares will be treated as long-term capital gain or loss. If the shares of Common
Stock are disposed of before those periods expire, which is called a disqualifying disposition, the participant will be required
to recognize ordinary income in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the excess, if any, of the fair market value of Common Stock on
the date of exercise over the exercise price, or (ii) if the disposition is a taxable sale or exchange, the amount of gain realized.
Upon a disqualifying disposition, the Company will generally be entitled, in the same tax year, to a deduction equal to the amount of
ordinary income recognized by the participant, assuming that a deduction is allowed under Section 162(m) of the Code. 

Non-Statutory Stock Options . The
grant of a stock option that does not qualify for treatment as an incentive stock option, which is generally referred to as a non-statutory stock
option, is generally not a taxable event for the participant. Upon exercise of the stock option, the participant will generally be required
to recognize ordinary income in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of Common Stock acquired upon exercise (determined as
of the date of exercise) over the exercise price of the stock option, and the Company will be entitled to a deduction in an equal amount
in the same tax year, assuming that a deduction is allowed under Section 162(m) of the Code. At the time of a subsequent sale or disposition
of shares obtained upon exercise of a non-statutory stock option, any gain or loss will be a capital gain or loss, which will be
either a long-term or short-term capital gain or loss, depending on how long the shares have been held. 

40 

SARs . The grant of an SAR will not cause
the participant to recognize ordinary income or entitle the Company to a deduction for federal income tax purposes. Upon the exercise
of an SAR, the participant will recognize ordinary income in the amount of the cash or the value of shares payable to the participant
(before reduction for any withholding taxes), and the Company will receive a corresponding deduction in an amount equal to the ordinary
income recognized by the participant, assuming that a deduction is allowed under Section 162(m) of the Code. 

Restricted Stock, RSUs, Deferred Stock Units
and Other Stock-Based Awards . The federal income tax consequences with respect to restricted stock, RSUs, deferred stock
units, performance shares and performance stock units, and other stock unit and stock-based awards depend on the facts and circumstances
of each award, including, in particular, the nature of any restrictions imposed with respect to the awards. In general, if an award
of stock granted to the participant is subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture (e.g., the award is conditioned upon
the future performance of substantial services by the participant) and is nontransferable, a taxable event occurs when the risk of forfeiture
ceases or the awards become transferable, whichever first occurs. At such time, the participant will recognize ordinary income to the
extent of the excess of the fair market value of the stock on such date over the participant s cost for such stock (if any), and
the same amount is deductible by the Company, assuming that a deduction is allowed under Section 162(m) of the Code. Under certain circumstances,
the participant, by making an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, can accelerate federal income tax recognition with respect
to an award of stock that is subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture and transferability restrictions, in which event the ordinary
income amount and the Company deduction, assuming that a deduction is allowed under Section 162(m) of the Code, will be measured
and timed as of the grant date of the award. If the stock award granted to the participant is not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture
or transferability restrictions, the participant will recognize ordinary income with respect to the award to the extent of the excess
of the fair market value of the stock at the time of grant over the participant s cost, if any, and the same amount is deductible
by us, assuming that a deduction is allowed under Section 162(m) of the Code. If a stock unit award or other stock-based award
is granted but no stock is actually issued to the participant at the time the award is granted, the participant will recognize ordinary
income at the time the participant receives the stock free of any substantial risk of forfeiture (or receives cash in lieu of such stock)
and the amount of such income will be equal to the fair market value of the stock at such time over the participant s cost, if
any, and the same amount is then deductible by the Company, assuming that a deduction is allowed under Section 162(m) of the Code. 

Withholding Obligations 

The Company is entitled to withhold and deduct
from future wages of the participant, to make other arrangements for the collection of, or to require the participant to pay to the Company,
an amount necessary for it to satisfy the participant s federal, state or local tax withholding obligations with respect to awards
granted under the Incentive Plan. Withholding for taxes may be calculated based on the maximum applicable tax rate for the participant s
jurisdiction or such other rate that will not trigger a negative accounting impact on the Company. The Committee may permit a participant
to satisfy a tax withholding obligation by withholding shares of Common Stock underlying an award, tendering previously acquired shares,
delivery of a broker exercise notice or a combination of these methods. 

Code Section 409A 

A participant may be subject to a 20 penalty
tax, in addition to ordinary income tax, at the time a grant becomes vested, plus an interest penalty tax, if the grant constitutes deferred
compensation under Section 409A of the Code and the requirements of Section 409A of the Code are not satisfied. 

Code Section 162(m) 

Pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Code, the annual
compensation paid to an individual who is a covered employee is not deductible by the Company to the extent it exceeds
 1 million. The Tax Cut and Jobs Act, signed into law on December 22, 2017, amended Section 162(m), effective for tax years
beginning after December 31, 2017, (i) to expand the definition of a covered employee to include any person who was
the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer at any time during the year and the three most highly compensated officers
(other than the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer) who were employed at any time during the year whether or not
the compensation is reported in the Summary Compensation Table included in the proxy statement for the Company Annual Meeting;
(ii) to treat any individual who is considered a covered employee at any time during a tax year beginning after December 31, 2106
as remaining a covered employee permanently; and (iii) to eliminate the performance-based compensation exception to the 1 million
deduction limit. 

41 

Excise Tax on Parachute Payments 

Unless otherwise provided in a separate agreement
between a participant and the Company, if, with respect to a participant, the acceleration of the vesting of an award or the payment
of cash in exchange for all or part of an award, together with any other payments that such participant has the right to receive from
the Company, would constitute a parachute payment then the payments to such participant will be reduced to the largest
amount as will result in no portion of such payments being subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code. Such reduction,
however, will only be made if the aggregate amount of the payments after such reduction exceeds the difference between the amount
of such payments absent such reduction minus the aggregate amount of the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code attributable to
any such excess parachute payments. If such provisions are applicable and if an employee will be subject to a 20 excise tax on any excess
parachute payment pursuant to Section 4999 of the Code, the Company will be denied a deduction with respect to such excess
parachute payment pursuant to Section 280G of the Code. 

New Plan Benefits 

It is not presently possible to determine the
benefits or amounts that will be received by or allocated to participants under the Incentive Plan or would have been received by
or allocated to participants for the last completed fiscal year if the Incentive Plan had then been in effect because awards under the Incentive
Plan will be made at the discretion of the Committee. 

Vote Required for Approval 

The approval of the Incentive Plan Proposal received
the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Common Stock cast by the stockholders represented in person or by
proxy and entitled to vote thereon at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on January 10, 2022. Abstentions and broker non-votes will
not be counted for purposes of determining whether this proposal has been approved. 

Incentive Plan Awards 

The following table provides information regarding
the incentive plan awards for each director (other than a director who was a named executive officer) outstanding as of December 31,
2022: 

Outstanding Share Awards and Options Awards 

Option-based Awards 
 Share-based Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of 
securities 
underlying 
unexercised 
options (#) 
 Option 
exercise price ) 
 Value of 
unexercised 
in-the-money 
options as at 
December 31, 
2022 
 Number of 
shares or 
units of 
shares that 
have not 
vested 
 Market or 
payout value 
of share 
awards that 
have not 
vested 
 
 Dr. Delon Human 
 1,500,000 
 0.16 
 37,650 
 485,529 
 89,871 
 
 Mario Gobbo 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 285,529 
 52,851 
 
 Mark Radke 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 285,529 
 52,851 
 
 Simon Langelier 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 177,395 
 32,836 

Directors and Officers Liability Insurance 

As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation maintained
 3,000,000 of group liability insurance for the protection of the directors and officers of the Corporation. In the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, the Corporation paid an annual premium of 308,508 for such policy. 

42 

Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans 

There are no arrangements or plans in which we
provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit-sharing plans
pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options,
restricted share units and deferred share units may be granted at the discretion of the Board or a committee thereof. 

Indebtedness of Directors, Senior Officers,
Executive Officers and Other Management 

None of our directors or executive officers or
any associate or affiliate of our Company during the last two fiscal years, is or has been indebted to our Company by way of guarantee,
support agreement, letter of credit or other similar agreement or understanding currently outstanding. 

Termination Benefits 

We do not have agreements with any named executives
that would result in payments to them solely upon a change in control of Cryomass Technologies Inc. However, under the employment and
severance agreements with named executives, three named executives would be entitled to severance benefits upon termination of employment
under certain circumstances. Further, our Compensation Committee retains discretion to provide additional benefits to senior executives
upon termination or resignation if it determines the circumstances so warrant. 

As of the date hereof, Ms. Patricia Kovacevic s
employment agreement provides that Ms. Kovacevic shall receive continued payments from the Company in the event of disability, death,
termination for any reason or no reason except for cause (including resignation) of the named executive officer with the Company, for
the duration of the term of the respective employment agreement, and shall be given credit under any RSU agreement as if she remained
employed with the Company for the term of the employment agreement for the purposes of vesting thereunder. 

As of the date hereof, Mr. Philip Blair Mullin s
employment agreement provides that Mr. Mullin shall receive certain payments from the Company in the event of disability, death, termination
for other than for cause of the named executive officer with the Company, for the duration of the term of the respective employment agreement,
and shall be given credit under any RSU agreement as if he remained employed with the Company for the term of the employment agreement
for the purposes of vesting thereunder. 

As of the date hereof, Mr. Christian Noel s
employment agreements provides that Mr. Noel shall receive certain payments from the Company in the event of disability, death, termination
for other than for cause of the named executive officer with the Company, for the duration of the term of the respective employment agreement,
and shall be given credit under any RSU agreement as if he remained employed with the Company for the term of the employment agreement
for the purposes of vesting thereunder. 

43 

ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of March 21, 2023 by (a) each shareholder who is known to us to own beneficially
5 or more of our outstanding Common Stock, (b) all directors, (c) our executive officers and (d) all executive officers and directors
as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, all persons listed below have (i) sole voting power and investment power with respect to their
shares of Common Stock, except to the extent that authority is shared by spouses under applicable law, and (ii) record and beneficial
ownership with respect to their shares of Common Stock. 

For purposes of this table, a person or group
of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock that such person has the right to acquire
within 60 days of March 21, 2023. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares of our Common Stock held by each person
or group of persons named above, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 21, 2023 is
deemed to be outstanding, but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person.
The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. Unless otherwise
identified, the address of our directors and officers is c/o Cryomass Technologies Inc., 1001 Bannock St, Suite 612, Denver, CO 80204. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage of Class (2) 
 
 Alexander Massa 
 47,205,000 (3) 
 23.1 
 
 9318-2582 Quebec Inc 8000 boul Langelier #407 Montreal, Quebec H1P 3K2 
 12,550,000 (4) 
 6.1 
 
 Steve Cimini 
 12,500,000 (9) 
 6.1 
 
 Christian No l 
 9,482,932 (5) 
 4.6 
 
 Delon Human 
 3,420,000 (6) 
 1.7 
 
 Philip Mullin 
 2,875,900 (7) 
 1.4 
 
 Patricia Kovacevic 
 1,397,000 (8) 
 0.7 
 
 Mario Gobbo 
 400,000 
 0.2 
 
 Mark Radke 
 400,000 
 0.2 
 
 Simon Langelier 
 400,000 
 0.2 
 
 All directors and officers as a group (7 persons) 
 18,375,432 
 9.0 

(1) Unless
otherwise indicated, the address of the beneficial owner is c/o the Company, 1001 Bannock Street, Suite 612, Denver, CO 80204. 

(2) Based
on 204,216,637 shares outstanding 

(3) Alexander
Massa has voting and investment control over 22,500,000 shares and exercisable warrants to purchase 22,500,00 shares held by CRYM Co-Invest,
LP, 602,500 shares and 500,000 exercisable warrants to purchase shares held by Ham Senior Inc., and 602,500 shares and exercisable warrants
to purchase 500,000 shares held by Hungry Asset Monster Inc. The address for CRYM Co-Invest, LP is One World Trade Center, Suite 83G,
New York, NY 10007 and the address for Ham Senior Inc. and Hungry Asset Monster Inc. is 50 North Laura Street, Jacksonville, FL 32202. 

(4) Patrick
Varin has voting and investment control over 6,275,000 shares and exercisable warrants to purchase 6,275,000 shares held by 9318-2582
Quebec Inc. 

(5) 
 Mr. No l is beneficial
 owner of 909,471 shares and exercisable warrants to purchase 760,000 shares held by Trichome Capital Inc. and exercisable warrants
 to purchase 250,000 shares. 

(6) 
 Dr. Human is the beneficial
 holder of fully-vested stock options to purchase 1,500,000 shares, exercisable at 0.16 per share, expiring in 2030, and is the beneficial
 owner of 760,000 shares and exercisable warrants to purchase 760,000 shares held by Health Diplomats Pte Ltd. 

(7) 
 Mr. Mullin is the beneficial
 holder of fully-vested stock options to purchase 2,000,000 shares, exercisable at 0.16 per share, expiring in 2030. 

(8) 
 Ms. Kovacevic is the beneficial holder of
 fully-vested stock options to purchase 1,000,000 shares, exercisable at 0.29 per share, expiring in 2031. 

(9) 
 Mr. Cimini has dispositive
 control of 10,000,000 common shares held by Cryocann USA Crop, warrants exercisable at 0.40 per share to purchase 250,000 shares,
 expiring in 2024, and stock options exercisable at 0.18 per share to purchase 2,000,000 shares, expiring in 2031. 

44 

ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Review, Approval or other transactions, transactions
with family members loans, debt conversion, private placement, ratification of transactions with related persons 

We have adopted a code of ethics and we rely
on our board to review related party transactions on an ongoing basis to prevent conflicts of interest. Our Board reviews a transaction
in light of the affiliations of the director, officer or employee and the affiliations of such person s immediate family. Transactions
are presented to our Board for approval before they are entered into or, if this is not possible, for ratification after the transaction
has occurred. If our Board finds that a conflict of interest exists, then it will determine the appropriate remedial action, if any.
Our Board approves or ratifies a transaction if it determines that the transaction is consistent with the best interests of the Company.
During the year-ended December 31, 2021, the Board reviewed and approved a loan to the Company made by Christian Noel, its CEO. There
were no other such transactions or requests for review during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Director Independence 

The Board of Directors currently consists of
five directors, four of whom the Board of Directors has determined are independent within the meaning of the rules of the OTCQX, which
the Company has adopted as its definition of independence in the Audit Committee Charter. 

ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table shows the fees paid or accrued
by us for the audit and other services provided for the fiscal periods shown. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Borgers: 

Audit and Non-Audit Fees 

Audit fees 
 375,860 
 274,000 
 
 Audit-related fees 
 54,000 
 54,000 
 
 Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 429,860 
 328,000 

The Audit Committee pre-approves all audit and
non-audit services to be performed by the independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with the rules and regulations
promulgated under the Exchange Act. The Board pre-approved 100 of the audit, audit-related and tax services performed by the independent
registered public accounting firm for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The percentage of hours expended on the principal
accountant s engagement to audit the Company s financial statements for the most recent fiscal year that were attributed
to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant s full-time, permanent employee was 0 . 

45 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) Financial Statements 

Our consolidated balance sheets as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the
two years in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, together with the related notes and the report of our independent registered
public accounting firm, are set forth on pages F-1 to F-29 of this report. 

(b) Exhibits 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 (3) 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S- 1 filed on May 9, 2012). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws
 (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on May 9, 2012). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 13, 2014). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Change filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on April 12, 2018 with an effective date of April 26, 2018. (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 2, 2018) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Articles of Merger filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on April 12, 2018 with an effective date of April 26, 2018. (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 2, 2018) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Articles of Merger filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on October 14, 2019 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2019) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Articles of Merger filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on September 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 3, 2020) 
 
 3.8 
 
 Articles of Merger filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on July 23, 2021 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2021) 
 
 (10) 
 
 Material
 Contracts 
 
 10.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement between Andina Gold Corp, General Extract LLC, Cryocann USA Corporation, Steve Cimini and Matt Armstrong dated June 22, 2021 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2021) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement Among Critical Mass Industries LLC, Critical Mass Industries, Inc., John Knapp, Good Meds, Inc. and Cryomass Technologies Inc dated December 31, 2021 (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S- 1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Mutual Termination Agreement by and among Critical Mass Industries LLC, Critical Mass Industries, Inc., John Knapp, and Good Meds, Inc dated December 31, 2021 (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S- 1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Restated and Amended Administrative Services Agreement by and among Critical Mass Industries LLC, Critical Mass Industries, Inc., John Knapp, and Good Meds, Inc dated December 31, 2021 (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S- 1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.5 
 
 2019 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for December 31, 2020) 
 
 10.6 
 
 2022 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S- 1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Christian Noel Employment Agreement (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S- 1 filed on February 14, 2022) 

46 

10.8 
 
 Amendment to Christian Noel Employment Agreement dated December 13, 2021 (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S- 1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Philip Mullin Revised Employment Agreement (incorporated by reference to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for December 31, 2020) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Amendment to Philip Mullin Revised Employment Agreement (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S- 1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Patricia Kovacevic Third Amended Employment Agreement (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S- 1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Amendment to Patricia Kovacevic Third Employment Agreement (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S- 1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Convertible Note (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S- 1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Form of Warrant- August 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S- 1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Form of Warrant- April 2021 (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S- 1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form of Warrant-October 2021 (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S- 1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Form of Warrant-November 2021 (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S- 1 filed on February 14, 2022) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Equity Purchase Agreement with Peak One Opportunity Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 27, 2022) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Equity Purchase Agreement with Peak One Opportunity Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 27, 2022) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Patent License and Equipment Rental Agreement by and between Cryomass Technologies Inc and RedTape Core Partners LLC and Affiliates dated January 16, 2023 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 17, 2022) 
 
 (31) 
 
 Rule
 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 
 
 31.1 
 
 Section 302 Certification under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Executive Officer. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Section 302 Certification under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. 
 
 (32) 
 
 Section
 1350 Certifications 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 906 Certification under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Executive Officer. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Section 906 Certification under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. 
 
 (101) 
 
 Interactive
 Data Files 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

47 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

CRYOMASS
 TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

(Registrant) 

Dated: March 24, 2023 

/s/
 Christian No l 

Christian No l

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Christian No l 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 24, 2023 
 
 Christian No l 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Philip Mullin 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 24, 2023 
 
 Philip Mullin 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Dr. Delon Human 
 
 President of the Board
 of Directors 
 
 March 24, 2023 
 
 Dr. Delon Human 

/s/
 Mario Gobbo 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 
 
 Mario Gobbo 

/s/
 Mark Radke 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 
 
 Mark Radke 

/s/
 Simon Langelier 
 
 Director 
 
 March 24, 2023 
 
 Simon Langelier 

48 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

PAGE 
 
 Report of Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # 5041) 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets
 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements
 of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements
 of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements
 of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Cryomass Technologies Inc.: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Cryomass Technologies Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related consolidated
statements of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the
related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Going Concern Matter 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

Critical audit matters
are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

We determined that there
are no critical audit matters. 

/S (PCAOB ID 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2021 

March 24, 2023 

F- 2 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Deferred tax asset 
 
 -

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Loan receivable 
 -

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Notes payable 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) 

Shareholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding respectively 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Common stock to be issued 
 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net sales 
 -
 
 -

Cost of goods sold 
 -
 
 -

Gross profit 
 -
 
 -

Operating expenses: 

Personnel costs 

General and administrative 

Legal and professional fees 

Research and development 
 
 -

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expenses): 

Interest expense 

Gain / (loss) on foreign exchange 

Total other expenses 

Net loss from continuing operations, before taxes 

Income taxes 
 
 -

Net loss from continuing operations 

Net gain / (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax (including loss on disposal of 
 -

Net loss 

Comprehensive loss from discontinued operations 
 -
 
 -

Comprehensive loss 

Net loss per common share: 

Loss from continuing operations - basic and diluted

Gain / (loss) from discontinued operations - basic and diluted
 
 -

Loss per common share - basic and diluted

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Common 
Stock to be 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Issued 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

Share issuance from sale of common stock 

-

Share issuance related to CryoCann asset purchase 

-
 
 -

Share issuance pursuant to employment agreements 

-
 
 -

Share issuance in exchange for extinguishment of debt 

-
 
 -

Share issuance in exchange for services 

-
 
 -

Share issuance for interest on note payable 

-
 
 -

Stock-based compensation - shares 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Stock-based compensation - options 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Beneficial Conversion Feature of Note Payable 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Fair value of warrants issued 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2021 

-

Share issuance in exchange for services 

-

Stock-based compensation 

-

Shares issued from warrants exercised 

-
 
 -

Share issuance from sale of common stock 

-
 
 -

Share cancellation related to interest on not payable 

-
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities from continuing operations: 

Amortization of debt discount 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Bad debt expense 

Fair value of common stock issued pursuant to service and advisory agreements 

Payable extinguishment for services not provided 
 -

Stock-based compensation expense 

Deferred income tax expense 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities from continuing operations 

Net (used in) / provided by operating activities from discontinued operations 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Cash Payment for CryoCann asset purchase 
 -

Payoff of CryoCann loan agreement at closing 
 -

Issuance of loans receivable 
 
 -

Purchase of property and equipment 

Purchase of intangible assets 
 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations 

Net cash used in investing activities from discontinued operations 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from notes payable, related parties 
 -

Repayment of notes payable, related parties 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Proceeds from common stock subscribed and to be issued 
 
 -

Proceeds from loans payable, current 
 -

Repayment of loans payable, current 
 -

Proceeds from notes payable 

Repayment of seller note for acquisition 
 -

Related party note disbursement 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations 

Net cash provided by financing activities from discontinued operations 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase / (decrease) in cash from continuing operations 

Net decrease in cash from discontinued operations 
 -

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Common stock issued pursuant to separation agreement 
 -
 
 -

Common stock issued pursuant to vesting of restricted stock units 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of
the membership interests in General Extract, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company, in exchange for the shares of Devco. The name
of this subsidiary was subsequently changed to Cryomass LLC. 

F- 7 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million in cash and shares of Company
common stock As part of the Cryocann Acquisition, we retained both Cryocann employees, who have expert knowledge of the industry, related
participants, customers and the acquired patented technology. Under their employment agreements, each employee may receive compensation
if specific performance targets are met in association with our future operating performance when the Cryocann technology enters the market.
The technology and assets acquired from Cryocann are operated from the Company s subsidiary, Cryomass LLC. The patented cryo-mechanical
technology is for the separation of plant materials in the harvesting of hemp and cannabis, and potentially other high value crops such
as hops. We believe this technology will reduce processing costs and increases the quality of extracted compounds. We are exploring the
application of the underlying technology to a broad range of industries that handle high-value materials and that could benefit from our
precision capture methods. We anticipate that cannabis and hemp will be the first in a series of such industries. 

or so of a plant s weight and volume, they are cheaper to ship and store than gross plant material. For
the same reason and because trichomes are free of the waxes and other unwanted materials found in the rest of the plant, processing trichomes
into oils and extracts can be far quicker, cheaper and easier than processing gross plant material. Even trichomes captured
from dried or frozen plant parts deliver this cost-saving advantage to processors of oils and extracts. The three-dimensional advantage
achievable with the CryoMass system first-stage cost savings, product enhancement and downstream cost savings 
can as much as double a crop s wholesale value. And in some jurisdictions, users may enjoy a reduction in excise taxes levied on
cannabis and hemp harvests, which typically are tied to the gross weight of hemp or cannabis that is removed from the field. 

F- 8 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

billion annually. Growth in the U.S. and in the worldwide market is likely fed in part by the
growing acceptance of medicinal cannabis products and anticipated legislative changes in various jurisdictions worldwide. 

million equity financing. The financing and the earlier conversion of substantially all the company s
debt into common stock left the Company with a strong balance sheet and adequate resources for our planned business development during
the coming twelve months. In connection with the financing, shares and shares of CryoMass Technologies
common stock were purchased by CEO Christian No l and Chairman of the Board Delon Human, respectively. 

F- 9 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Cost of goods sold, inclusive of depreciation 
 -

Gross profit 
 -

Operating expenses 

Personnel costs 
 -

Sales and marketing 
 -

General and administrative 
 -

Legal and professional fees 
 -

Amortization expense 
 -
 
 -

Total operating expenses 
 -

Gain from operations 
 -

Other income / (expense) 

Interest expense 
 -

Goodwill impairment 
 -
 
 -

Intangibles impairment 
 -
 
 -

Other income 
 -
 
 -

Total other income / (expense) 
 -

Loss on disposal of discontinued operations 
 -

Net income / (loss), before taxes 
 -

Income taxes 
 -

Net income / (loss), net of taxes 
 -

promissory note due to us no later than , which was deemed uncollectible during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

and
cash balance of . The Company estimates that it needs approximately to cover overhead costs and has capital
expenditure requirements ranging from zero to depending on how many trichome separation units are ordered over the next twelve
months. The Company believes that the Company will continue to incur losses for the immediate future. The Company expects to finance future
cash needs from the results of operations and, depending on the results of operations, the Company may need additional equity or debt
financing until the Company can achieve profitability and positive cash flows from operating activities from, for example, our recently
signed lease and license agreement. As of December 31, 2022, one trichome separation unit has been delivered and is expected to begin
producing revenue in the second quarter of 2023. Since the operating expenses of the unit are required to be covered by the licensee and
not the Company, the royalty payment would be free cash flow which could be used to cover operating expenses. However, there can be no
assurance that the Company will receive sufficient operating cash flow from our licensing agreement or that we will be able to attract
the necessary financing. 

of cash for operating activities, incurred a net loss of and has an accumulated deficit of ) since
inception. 

F- 10 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 11 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 12 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 years 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Shorter of lease term or years 

months 
 
 In process research and development 
 months 

F- 13 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

was recognized upon the CMI Transaction. The Company adopted ASU Topic 842 January 1, 2019,
but had no reportable operating leases at that point in time. As of December 31, 2022, our ROU assets and liabilities associated with
CMI were no longer included on the consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 14 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and of additional paid in capital associated with the value of the warrants and beneficial conversion,
respectively, resulting in a total notes payable discount of , which was completely amortized in 2021. As such, no debt discount
amortization was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

F- 15 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

unvested
RSU s considered potentially dilutive securities outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and unvested RSU s considered
potentially dilutive securities outstanding as of December 31, 2021. Diluted net loss per share is the same as basic net loss per share
for each period. 

million
in cash and shares of Company common stock and a promissory note was issued for payable by Company to Cryocann on
October 15, 2021, which represents the remaining Purchase Price of minus the amount owed by Cryocann under a Loan Agreement
dated April 23, 2021 by and between Cryocann and the Company. 

Common stock 

Promissory Note 

Total purchase price 

Patent 

Goodwill 

Total assets acquired 

and our net loss per common share would have been for
the year ended December 31, 2021. Our net sales would have remained unchanged during the period. These pro forma results are not necessarily
indicative of the results that actually would have occurred if the acquisition had occurred on the first day of the periods presented,
nor does the pro forma financial information purport to represent the results of operations for future periods. 

F- 16 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Net loss 

Net loss per common share 

Cost of goods sold, inclusive of depreciation 
 -

Gross profit 
 -

Operating expenses: 

Personnel costs 
 -

Sales and marketing 
 -

General and administrative 
 -

Legal and professional fees 
 -

Amortization expense 
 -
 
 -

Total operating expenses 
 -

Gain from operations 
 -

Other income (expenses): 

Interest expense 
 -

Goodwill impairment 
 -
 
 -

Intangibles impairment 
 -
 
 -

Other income 
 -
 
 -

Total other income (expenses) 
 -

Loss on disposal of discontinued operations 
 -

Net gain / (loss) from discontinued operations, before taxes 
 -

Income taxes 
 -

Net gain / (loss) from discontinued operations 
 -

in 2021. 

F- 17 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and 
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, consisted entirely of machinery and equipment. 

Furniture and fixtures 
 -
 
 -

Construction in progress 
 -
 
 -

Less: Accumulated depreciation 
 
 -

and , respectively. 

and , as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Indefinite-lived 

In-process research and development 

Internal use software 

-

Total identifiable intangible assets 

Indefinite-lived 

In-process research and development 

-

Total identifiable intangible assets 

and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 18 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

promissory note due to us no later than December 31,
2023, of which we determined the net realizable value of the gross amount of the note was . In consideration of the loan receivable,
we conveyed to CMI, any and all manufacturing, grow equipment, and retail-related assets and other assets Seller owned in the state of
Colorado and were used by CMI subsidiaries in the course of business, including client lists and appertaining intellectual property, as
well as all liabilities related to these assets. During the first quarter of 2022, the Company issued an additional in loans
to CMI. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company deemed the full loan receivable balance to be uncollectible and therefore it is
no longer included on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. 

, matured , and accrues interest at per annum. The note was convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion
price of per share. The beneficial conversion feature was accounted for in accordance with ASC 470-20 Debt with Conversion and
Other Options and the resulting debt discount was amortized over the life of the note. The note was fully repaid on August 10, 2022.
As of December 31, 2021, the net carrying amount was , which consisted of the convertible note and unamortized
debt discount. The warrants were exercisable to purchase an additional shares of common stock at per share and expired
on August 1, 2022. 

loan agreement, which accrued interest at per annum. On January 25, 2021, the Company refinanced this loan at , to obtain
additional funding. The loan was fully repaid on . 

note payable, which accrued interest at per annum. The note was fully repaid on . 

units Units ), each Unit representing (i) one principal amount
term note providing for an optional conversion into shares of Company common stock at a price of per share (each the Initial
Convertible Term Note and (ii) a common share warrant for the purchase of shares of Company common stock at an exercise
price of per share (each an Initial Warrant ), for aggregate net proceeds of . The Initial Convertible Term
Notes would have matured on had they not all been converted and the Initial Warrants expire unless exercised by . Interest accrued on these notes at a rate of per annum payable on a quarterly basis. 

units Units ), each
Unit representing (i) one principal amount term note (each a Convertible Term Note providing for an optional conversion
into shares of Company common stock at a price of per share and (ii) a common share warrant for the purchase of shares of
Company common stock at an exercise price of per share (each a Warrant ), for additional aggregate net proceeds of
 . The Convertible Term Notes and Warrants had a maturity of September 30, 2022 and the Warrants expire unless exercised by April
30, 2023. Interest accrued at a rate of per annum payable on a quarterly basis. 

loan agreement, which accrued interest at per annum. Payment was due on a weekly basis up to the maturity date of . The loan was fully repaid on . 

loan agreement which accrues interest at per annum, payable quarterly. The full principal amount is due on October 1,
2024. 

F- 19 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. This note receivable was issued
as part of an employment agreement with Matt Armstrong, effective June 22, 2021, and was offset against his signing bonus on October 15,
2021. There was no interest associated with the note. 

with its Chief Executive Officer, Christian Noel. The note accrued interest at per annum and was repaid
on October 22, 2021. 

common shares and warrants, respectively, to Christian Noel in exchange for . In addition, the Company issued common shares
and warrants, respectively, to Trichome Capital Inc. in exchange for . Christian Noel has voting and investment control of Trichome
Capital Inc. 

common shares and warrants, respectively, to Health Diplomats Pte Ltd in exchange for . Delon Human, one of our independent directors,
owns of Health Diplomats Pte Ltd. 

with CRYM Co-Invest, for which Alexander Massa, a beneficial owner of the Company, has investment control.
The note accrues interest at per annum and matures on . 

shares of common stock for gross proceeds of ,
or per share, minus equity issuance costs of . 

shares
of common stock in connection with the CMI Transaction (refer to Note 6). 

shares of common stock pursuant to advisory agreements. The fair value of was included in legal and professional
fees in the consolidated statements of operations. 

shares
of common stock pursuant to accelerated vesting of RSU s upon the resignation of a former executive. 

shares
of common stock pursuant to accelerated vesting of RSU s upon the resignation of a former board member. 

shares
of common stock to a former executive per a separation agreement. 

shares of common stock for cancellation pursuant to prior agreements among certain shareholders. Accordingly, the Company cancelled 
shares of common stock. 

shares
of common stock to a former employee per a separation agreement. 

shares of common stock for cancellation pursuant to prior agreements. Accordingly, the Company cancelled shares of common stock. 

shares
of common stock in order to raise capital. 

shares
of common stock to former board members per a separation agreement. 

shares of common stock in order to raise capital. 

shares of common stock in order to raise capital. 

shares of common stock related to the CryoCann transaction, shares of common stock pursuant to employment agreements, 
shares of common stock in exchange for the extinguishment of debt, and shares of common stock in exchange for services. 

F- 20 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of common stock in order to raise capital, shares of common stock in exchange for services, and shares of
common stock for interest payment on a note payable. 

shares of common stock in order to raise capital, shares of common stock in exchange for services, and 
shares of common stock in exchange for extinguishment of debt. 

shares of common stock in exchange for services, shares of common stock for 2021 management performance bonuses, 
shares of common stock for director compensation, and shares of common stock for 2020 RSU grants vesting in January 2022. 

shares of common stock in exchange for services, shares of common stock related to director and management compensation, and
 shares of common stock for exercise of warrants. 

shares of common stock in exchange for services, shares from sale of common stock, and shares related to vesting
of employee RSU grants. Additionally, shares were cancelled related to an interest payment that was paid in cash. 

shares of common stock in exchange for services. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was
 and , respectively, of unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to non-vested RSU s, which is expected
to be recognized over the remaining vesting period. 

and for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Stock-based compensation for the year ending
December 31, 2022 consisted of equity awards forfeited, granted and vested to employees, directors and consultants of the Company in the
amount of , , and , respectively. Expenses for stock-based compensation is included on the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations in general and administrative expense. 

F- 21 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Granted and vested 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

and , respectively, of stock options to certain employees, which vested immediately, for a total fair value
of and , respectively. Stock-based compensation expense relating to stock options was and , respectively. 

common shares at an exercise price of per share. Of these warrants, 
shares expire on March 31, 2023, expire on April 30, 2023, expire on September 17, 2023, expire on October
15, 2023, expire on October 26, 2023, expire on November 2, 2023, expire on November 10, 2023, expire
on November 15, 2023, expire on November 17, 2023, and expire on November 10, 2024. During the year ended December
31, 2022, warrants were exercised at per share. 

,
which is reflected in additional paid in capital. 

State 

Total Deferred 

Total Provision 

F- 22 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

percent)
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is reconciled to the effective income tax rate as follows: 

State Taxes, Net Of Federal Income Tax Benefit 

Return to Provision Adjustment - Permanent Items 

-

Deferred Only Adjustment 

-

Change in Valuation Allowance 

Section 280E Expense Disallowance 
 -

Other 

Effective tax 

Stock Compensation - Options 

Accrued Salary 
 -

Trademark/Trade Name 

Developed Manufacturing Process - Extraction 
 -

Customer Relationships 
 -

Patent 
 -

In-Process Research Development - CryoCann 

Goodwill - CMI 
 -

In-Process Research Development - CMI 

Goodwill - CryoCann 

NOL - Federal Pre-2018 

NOL - Federal Post-2017 

NOL - State 

Deferred Tax Assets (Liabilities) 

Valuation Allowance 

Net Deferred Tax Assets (Liabilities) 

and . As result of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA and the 2020 Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), any federal net operating
losses generated in years beginning after December 31, 2017 can be carried forward indefinitely to offset taxable income in future periods.
The amount of federal net operating losses with an indefinite carryforward totaled as of December 31, 2022. The federal net
operating losses generated prior to 2018 will begin to expire in 2037. State net operating losses were approximately and 
at December 31, 2022 and 2021. State net operating losses will begin to expire in 2041. The deferred tax assets before valuation allowance
for the net operating losses were and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Should a change in ownership occur, the
net operating losses would be subject to the limitations set forth under IRC Section 382. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. However, because deferred tax liabilities related to indefinite lived intangibles cannot be used as a source of income
to recognize deferred tax assets with definite lives, the recorded valuation allowance exceeded the net deferred assets resulting in an
overall net deferred tax liability, as reflected in the table above. 

F- 23 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. There were no lease payments
not accounted for under ASU Topic 842 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

was recognized upon
the CMI Transaction. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This balance is included in the operating section of
the statement of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Operating lease cost was approximately and for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares of common stock to its three executive officers as performance bonuses for the 2022 fiscal year. In addition, 
shares of common stock were issued to the Chief Executive Officer as additional compensation for serving as a director. The other four
directors each received RSUs which vest on January 10, 2025. 

stipulating that the Company may receive an upfront fee of 10.2 million
for the lease of up to 12 units of the Company s Trichome Separation Systems., and subsequent royalty revenues from the operation
of the units. Royalty payments, which consist of net revenues (as defined in the agreement) collected from customers will be split evenly
between the Company and the licensee of the agreement. 

F-24 

<EX-10.20>
 2
 f10k2022ex10-20_cryomasstec.htm
 PATENT LICENSE AND EQUIPMENT RENTAL AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC AND REDTAPE CORE PARTNERS LLC AND AFFILIATES DATED JANUARY 16, 2023

Exhibit 10.20 

PATENT LICENSE AND EQUIPMENT RENTAL
AGREEMENT 

This Patent License
and Equipment Rental Agreement Agreement is made as of January 16, 2023 Effective Date by and between
CryoMass Technologies Inc, a Nevada corporation, with offices at 1001 Bannock Street, Suite 612 Denver, CO 80204 Licensor ),
on the one hand, and RedTape Core Partners LLC and their affiliates, with its principal offices at 8 The GRN STE A, Dover DE 19901 (collectively,
 Licensee ), and Coastal Refinement Solutions Inc., a California corporation, with offices at 1636 Del Monte Blvd, Seaside,
California First Sublicensee on the other hand. 

WITNESSETH 

WHEREAS Licensor
is the owner of the Licensed Patent and has the right to grant licenses thereunder; 

WHEREAS Licensor
owns and will build additional units of certain processing equipment, referred to also as the CryoMass Refinement System Equipment ), each equipment unit being termed a Unit, and whereas Licensor has developed know-how related
to the operation of the Equipment Know-How ), which Equipment and Know-How may only be used in connection with the
Licensed Patent; 

WHEREAS Licensee
represented to Licensor that it has the necessary business relationships, licenses, processing know-how, and marketing resources to deploy
the Units at Licensee affiliates or third party s locations, for the sole purpose of conducting separation of trichomes from
all types of cannabis sativa plant biomass only (that is, not for separating trichomes from any other plant biomass but for cannabis sativa
biomass) Permitted Toll Processing Activity to realize income; 

WHEREAS Licensee
and First Sublicensee wish to obtain from Licensor a license to use and rent the Equipment under certain rights for the use of the Licensed
Patent solely in connection with the Units, and Licensor is willing to grant such a license upon the terms and conditions hereinafter
set forth, 

NOW THEREFORE,
for and in consideration of the covenants, conditions and undertakings hereinafter set forth, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

1. Definitions 

1.1 Affiliate means any person or entity that controls,
is controlled by, or is under common control with Licensee, directly or indirectly. For purposes of this definition, control 
and its various inflected forms means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management
and policies of such a person or entity, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

1 

1.2 Cannabis Laws mean all applicable state and local laws
governing the cultivation, harvesting, processing, manufacturing, transportation, and sale of cannabis sativa-based products (including
hemp-based products). 

1.3 Cannabis Licenses mean any and all temporary, provisional,
or permanent, permit, license or authorization from, or registration with, any government authority that regulates the cultivation, harvesting,
production, processing, marketing, distribution, sale, possession, transportation or transfer of cannabis, marijuana or related products
in the relevant jurisdiction, whether for medicinal or recreational use. 

1.4 Collected Revenue shall mean, with respect to each
Reporting Quarter, Revenue that is actually collected. 

1.5 Confidential Information means all information that
is of a confidential and proprietary nature to Licensor or Licensee, including, but not limited to, all unpatented and patentable technical
information, development, discoveries, software, know-how, methods, techniques, data, processes, devices, models, documentation, information,
trade secrets, procedures, results and ideas and provided by one party to the other party under this Agreement. Confidential Information
shall not include information that (a) can be demonstrated to have been in the public domain as of the Effective Date or comes into the
public domain after the Effective Date through no fault of the receiving party; (b) can be demonstrated to have been known to the receiving
party prior to execution of this Agreement and which was not acquired, directly or indirectly, from a third party under a continuing
obligation of confidentiality or limited use to the disclosing party; (c) can be demonstrated to have been rightfully received by the
receiving party after disclosure under this Agreement from a third party who did not acquire it, directly or indirectly, from the disclosing
party under a continuing obligation of confidentiality; (d) can be demonstrated to have been independently developed by personnel of
the receiving party who had no substantive knowledge of the disclosing party s information; or (e) is required to be disclosed
pursuant to law or court order. 

1.6 Earned Royalty means the amount due to Licensor for
a Reporting Quarter, whether collected or not, as further defined in Section 3. 

1.7 [ ] 

1.8 Government Authority means any federal, state, national,
provincial, or local government, or political subdivision thereof, or any multinational organization or any authority, agency or commission
entitled to exercise any administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, police, regulatory or taxing authority or power, any court
or tribunal (or any department, bureau or division thereof, or any governmental arbitrator or arbitral body). 

2 

1.9 Incurable Material Breach shall mean any of the following:
(a) a failure to pay any portion of the Upfront License Fee by no later than 15 days after the due date, (b) failure by Licensee or Sub-Licensee
to disclose any government inquiries in connection with such Licensee or Sub-Licensee s Cannabis License(s), (c) failure to maintain
a valid Cannabis License, or (d) entering into a Side Agreement as such is defined in this Agreement. 

1.10 Know-How means any and all technical information,
trade secrets, formulas, prototypes, specifications, directions, instructions, test protocols, procedures, results, studies, analyses,
raw material sources, manufacturing data, formulation or production technology, conceptions, ideas, innovations, discoveries, inventions,
processes, methods, materials, machines, devices, formulae, equipment, enhancements, modifications, technological developments, techniques,
systems, tools, designs, drawings, plans, software, documentation, data, programs, and other knowledge, information, skills, and materials
which are known, learned, invented, developed or controlled by Licensor pertaining to the Equipment and/or Licensed Patent and/or useful
in the manufacture or use of the Equipment and/or Licensed Patent and any modifications, variations, derivative works, and improvements
of or relating to any of the foregoing. 

1.11 Licensed Patent means the U.S. Patent Application No.
15/606672 entitled System and Method for Cryogenic Separation of Plant Material which issued on December 15, 2020, as US.
Patent 10,864,525, and does not include any continuations, reissues, reexaminations, or international equivalents thereof. For avoidance
of doubt, Licensee is not permitted to use any of Licensor s Intellectual Property except as authorized under this Agreement for
applications within the Territories and within the authorized field of use, which is: Permitted Toll Processing Activity. Should Licensor
be issued, during the Term of the Agreement, a new patent applicable to the use of the Equipment, Licensor and Licensee shall amend this
section to include such new patent under the definition of Licensed Patent for the purposes of this Agreement. 

1.12 Liquidation Event means a (i) merger, share, exchange
or other reorganization that results in a change of control (ii) the sale by one or more stockholders of a majority of the voting power
of the Licensee Stock Sale ); or (iii) sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Licensee (or that portion
of its assets related to the subject matter of this Agreement) Asset Sale in which for (i), (ii) and (iii) above, the
stockholders of the Licensee prior to such transaction do not own a majority of the voting power of the acquiring, surviving or successor
entity, as the case may be. 

1.13 [ ] 

1.14 Net Revenue means Revenue LESS properly documented
Permitted Expenses, which mean: 

(a) cost of
direct labor per hour solely for the operation of the machine for actual run time; 

(b) utility costs, where direct utility
costs or cost differentials can be identified and attributable to the operation of the Units; 

(c) cost of materials used directly
and exclusively in connection with the operation and repairs of the Units (e.g., liquid nitrogen), and 

(d) a fixed agreed hourly administrative
charge by Licensor based on actual processing hours with respect to invoicing, collections, recording, disbursements, and reporting, and 

(e) cost of labor for Unit repairs
and spare parts for the Units, which cost shall be split in equal parts among Licensor and Licensee. 

[ ] 

1.15 Reporting Quarter means, with respect to each Unit,
the three-month period beginning with the last day of the Grace Period and each three consecutive three-month period thereafter. For
illustration purposes, if the Grace Period ends on May 1 with respect to a certain Unit, the Reporting Quarter will be the three-month
period beginning May 1 and ending July 31. The first Reporting Quarter with respect to a Unit shall also include activities pertaining
to the Grace Period for the respective Unit. 

1.16 Revenue means the sum of all invoices generated (whether
collected or not) in connection with the processing of plant matter by using the Equipment and/or Licensed Patent by Licensee, Affiliates,
or Sublicensees via Permitted Toll Processing Activity to any customer or any other related revenue streams agreed among the Parties. 

1.17 Sublicensee means any entity to which an express sublicense
has been granted by Licensee under the Licensed Patents, but only provided that the Licensor has agreed to the terms of the sublicense.
For clarity, all obligations of Sublicensees under this agreement also apply to the First Sublicensee, which is a signatory to the Agreement. 

3 

1.18 Territories shall mean California, Pennsylvania, New
Jersey, New York and Florida (each, a Territory ). 

2. License Grant and Equipment Rental . 

2.1 License Grant . Licensor hereby grants to Licensee an
exclusive commercial license partially revocable per the terms of this Agreement under the Licensed Patent and Know-How to use the Units
in California, with an option to secure additional licenses for additional Territories under the same conditions as for California and
under the terms of this Agreement, solely for Permitted Toll Processing Activity during the Term of this Agreement and solely in the
manner further described in this Agreement. Licensor concurrently grants Sublicensee a commercial license partially revocable per the
terms of the Agreement to use the first deployed Unit in California. A condition needed to maintain exclusivity for California, which
is the first territory contemplated by this Agreement, and for First Sublicensee to maintain the license for the first deployed Unit
is the payment of an Exclusivity Fee by Licensee for the Territory of California under section 3.1. 

2.2 Sublicensing. Licensee has the right to grant Sublicense
Agreements under the Licensed Patents subject to the following: 

(a) A Sublicense Agreement shall be entered into only with the
previous written consent of Licensor and shall not exceed the scope and rights granted to Licensee hereunder. Sublicensee must agree
in writing to be bound by the applicable terms and conditions of the Agreement. Any draft and negotiations by Licensee with potential
Sublicensees shall be discussed in advance with Licensor, and only contractual terms agreed in writing by the Licensor in its sole discretion
shall be proposed. Any sublicense granted by Licensee to a Sublicensee shall prohibit the Sublicensee from further sublicensing. 

(b) Licensee shall deliver to Licensor a true, complete, and
correct copy of each Sublicense Agreement for review and written approval and submit to Licensor for its review and approval before offering
or signing any modification or termination thereof, at least thirty (30) days before the intended execution, modification, or termination
of such Sublicense Agreement. 

(c) Sublicensees shall be in possession of valid Cannabis Licenses
appropriate for conducting the Permitted Toll Processing Activity and for paying Sublicense royalties and/or Equipment rental fees. 

(d) Licensor is hereby authorized to provide back-office administration
invoices, and, if appropriate, collection of all payments due, directly or indirectly, to Licensor from Licensee or Sublicensees and/or
their customers, and to summarize and deliver all reports and royalties due, directly or indirectly, to Licensor from Sublicensees. 

4 

(e) All rights and licenses of Sublicensees shall terminate upon
termination of the Agreement, or, alternatively, if one of the Territories is terminated or exclusivity revoked for a Territory without
a termination of the Agreement, the rights and licenses of the respective Sublicensees operating in the respective Territory shall terminate.
In the event of Licensee s termination in general or termination of one or more Territories, Licensor may enter into a licensing
agreement with any of the Sublicensees of the terminated Licensee, terminated Territory or of the revoked exclusivity for a Territory. 

(f) Notwithstanding any sublicenses as permitted hereunder, Licensee
shall remain primarily liable to Licensor for all of Licensee s duties and obligations contained in this Agreement, including without
limitation the payment of Upfront license Fees and Royalties, whether or not paid to Licensee by a Sublicensee. Any act or omission of
a Sublicensee that would be a breach of this Agreement if performed by Licensee, including violations of representations and warranties
by Licensee to Licensor or Sublicensees to Licensee, will be deemed to be a breach by Licensee of this Agreement and will allow Licensor
to take the corresponding actions, including, if applicable, discretionary termination of the Agreement and/or of the respective Territory
as further provided in this Agreement. 

2.3 Equipment Rental. If applicable, and as further stipulated, Licensor shall deploy to Licensee
 or to such Sublicensee facility as agreed between Licensor and Licensee, a total of 12 (twelve) Units within 24 months from the date
 of this Agreement, to be used solely for the purposes of Permitted Toll Processing Activity for the Term of this Agreement or until
 earlier termination. The deployment shall take place as follows: the first Unit was deployed on or about December 12, 2022 to
 Coastal Refinement Solutions Inc. (First Sublicensee) facility situated at 1636 Del Monte Blvd, Seaside, CA, 93955 and the first
 Unit is be covered by the terms of this Agreement; further, Licensee and First Sublicensee hereby represent that the respective
 facility is a holder of an applicable Cannabis Licenses as required by law, and as provided in this Agreement in Sections 2.2 and
 other relevant sections. Subsequent Units shall be deployed as agreed between Licensor and Licensee and following execution of
 Sublicense Agreements with owners of facilities who are holders of required Cannabis Licenses in one or more of the Territories.
 Licensor shall not have a duty to deliver, and shall not deliver, additional Units if any installment of the Upfront Fee [ ] is
 not fully paid. [ ] Upon the earlier of (a) partial termination of this Agreement with respect to one or more of the Territories
 or (b) termination of this Agreement, all Units with respect of the Territory shall be returned to Licensor in the same condition as
 when received, ordinary wear and tear excepted. Licensor at all times shall retain title to and have access to the Units, which
 shall be conspicuously labeled at all times as Property of Cryomass Technologies Inc and not subject to any
 enforcement/collections against Licensee or Sublicensee, except enforcement by Cryomass Technologies Inc or a similar
 labeling provided by Licensor, which may, in Licensor s sole discretion, include a reference to the Licensed Patent or other
 Licensor intellectual property. Licensee and/or Sublicensees shall keep the Units free from any other marking or labeling which
 might be interpreted as a claim of ownership by anyone else than Licensor. Licensee and/or Sublicensees shall not have the right to
 dispose of or alter the Equipment other than as provided in this Agreement. 

5 

2.4 Use of Equipment and Repairs. Licensee and Sub-Licensees,
including First Sublicensee, will only use the Equipment in the manner provided in the Equipment instruction manual or as otherwise specifically
instructed by Licensor. Licensee/Sublicensees (including First Sublicensee) shall maintain and provide Licensor with customer data sheets
in the format required by Licensor. Any Licensee personnel or contracted personnel shall only operate the Units after having been duly
trained. Records of training will be maintained by Licensee and/or Sub-Licensee (including First Sublicensee) as applicable and available
for inspection by Licensor with reasonable notice. Licensee/Sublicensee (including First Sublicensee) shall promptly notify Licensor
of any Unit malfunction or needed repairs and shall not perform any repairs. Only authorized Licensor contractors or employees shall
repair the Units. Licensee shall provide reasonable access to Units, information and support for the repairs. 

2.5 Reservation of Rights. Licensor reserves the right
to improve and deploy the Licensed Patent and the Equipment for any purposes in any other territory outside the Territories and in the
Territories for any purpose other than cannabis sativa separation and processing. 

3. Fees and Royalties . 

3.1 Upfront Fee . A total of US 10,200,000 (ten million and two hundred thousand United States
 dollars), [ ] shall be paid by Licensee as Upfront Fee. The Upfront Fee shall comprise of an Exclusivity Fee and an Equipment
 Fee. [ ] If an Exclusivity fee is not paid by Licensee for a Territory after March 15 th 2023, Licensor is free to
 grant exclusivity and license the Licensed Patent, rent or dispose of the Equipment and provide its Know-How to any party in
 Licensor s sole discretion within that Territory. Exclusivity Fees paid shall be credited against the Upfront Fee payable with
 respect to an individual Territory. [ ]) Payments towards an Upfront Fee with respect to a Territory shall be applied to the
 Exclusivity Fee first and the balance of the payment shall be credited against the Equipment Fee. [ ] The Licensee shall
 designate which Territory or Territories that each payment of Upfront Fees shall be applied to, whether such payment shall be
 applied to an Exclusivity Fee or an Equipment Fee. Licensee s failure to pay an Upfront Fee in a timely manner shall
 jeopardize Licensee s ability to secure exclusivity for the respective Territory. Downtime longer than 7 (seven) calendar days
 on any Unit due to Licensor s fault shall extend the payment periods for the respective Quarter for the number of days when
 the Unit could not be used due to Licensor s fault. Should the manufacturing costs of the Units increase between the date of
 this Agreement and the actual date of manufacture of each Unit, the Upfront Fee shall be adjusted upwards to reflect the actual
 manufacturing cost increase, and the adjusted difference shall be billed together with the next due Earned Royalty, together with an
 explanation of the Unit manufacturing cost increase. 

6 

3.2 Unit 1 Deployment . The Parties hereto acknowledge and
agree that as of December 12, 2022, Unit 1 has been delivered and installed at the Coastal Refinement Solutions Inc. (First Sublicensee)
facility by Licensor. [ ] 

3.3 Royalties . Licensee shall be liable to pay Licensor
an Earned Royalty in the amount of fifty percent (50 of Licensee s Net Revenue during the Term of this Agreement, which shall
be payable on the following schedule: Following a Licensor Report, provided in the manner and content described in Section 4.2, Licensee
will pay Licensor the amount of the Earned Royalty deriving from Net Revenue collected by Licensee during the reporting period applicable
to that Licensor Report, within 7 (seven) calendar days from delivery of the Licensor Report by Licensor to Licensee, which Licensor
Report will be drafted based partially on bank statements received from Licensee to be promptly delivered at the end of each month. In
any event, all amounts collected and accurately applied/identified against invoices and expenses during a given month shall be distributed
within 7 (seven) days from the delivery of the Licensor Report or any applicable reconciliation of accounts for the respective month.
Licensee will subsequently pay Licensor the balance of the Earned Royalty promptly after Licensee collects applicable revenue. Payments
to Licensee and/or Licensor from the Bank Account with respect to any month shall only be made following proper reconciliation of collections
with respect to an open Quarterly Report and paid and identified as Earned Royalty payments with respect to a specific Quarterly Report
and Unit. Any collection expenses regarding Revenue from Sublicensees and/or their customers, which may be initiated by Licensor, shall
be at the charge of the Licensee. Licensee s failure or delay in collecting any due revenue or royalties from Sublicensees and/or
their customers shall not relieve Licensee from the obligation to meet the Earned Royalty payment obligation. Any Revenue not collected
by the end of a Reporting Quarter shall be collected as soon as practicable during the subsequent Reporting Quarter, Net Revenue with
respect to such Revenue shall be calculated and the respective portion of the Net Revenue representing unpaid Earned Royalties due to
Licensor for past Reporting Quarters shall be reconciled and distributed as soon as practicable in subsequent Reporting Quarters. Uncollected
amounts shall be addressed in the manner described in Section 4.6. Licensee shall agree with Permitted Toll Processing Activity customers
or, as applicable with Sublicensees the credit terms regarding payments due in connection with the Permitted Toll Processing Activity
and related revenue streams that may be agreed from time to time for recycling of plant material. Licensee shall collaborate at all times
with Licensor in communicating with Sublicensees and providing the necessary information required by Licensor to ensure the accuracy
of the Licensor Report. 

7 

3.4 Sublicensing Fee. 

(a) Licensee shall not enter into negotiations with Sublicensees
and shall not enter into any Sublicense Agreement without the written consent of an authorized officer of the Licensor and as otherwise
provided in this Agreement. 

(b) All revenues generated by Licensee and/or Sublicensees (including
First Sublicensee) shall be included in the Revenue calculation. Licensee is not allowed to enter into any side agreement, explicit or
implicit, verbal or in writing, with Sublicensee, its affiliates or any third party with a view to circumvent Licensee s contractual
obligations towards Licensor, reduce the amount of Net Revenue or reduce the Earned Royalty Side Agreement ). Evidence
of a Side Agreement shall be considered an Incurable Material Breach of this Agreement and shall promptly give Licensor the right to
terminate this Agreement upon notice, collect any Earned Royalty that would have been due to Licensor but for the Side Agreement, and
avail itself of any other remedies at law or equity. 

3.5 [ ] 

3.6 Non-cash Consideration. Licensee shall not receive
anything of value in lieu of cash payments from Sublicensees in consideration for any agreements, verbal or in writing, including, but
not limited to Sublicense Agreements, which may have as an effect a reduction in Revenue from Sublicensees without the express prior
written consent of Licensor which may be withheld in Licensor s sole and absolute discretion. In the event a non-cash consideration
is expressly agreed to in writing by Licensor at a future date, such consideration shall be valued at its fair market value as of the
date of receipt for purposes of calculating the payments due to Licensor under this Agreement. 

3.7 Upfront Fee Early Payment Incentive. If, and only
if, Licensee pays Licensor the entire amount of US 10,200,000.00 of Upfront Fee by or before June 15, 2023, then Licensor will issue
Licensee as of June 16, 2023 a Common Share Purchase Warrant Warrant ), which shall terminate on June 15, 2025 Termination
Date ), and which shall entitle Licensee to subscribe for, and purchase from, Licensor 4,200,000 (four million two hundred) common
shares of the capital of Licensor by or before the Termination Date , with an exercise price of US 0.50, and with general terms and conditions
consistent with similar warrants issued by Licensor in past subscriptions. 

8 

4. Payment . 

4.1 Bank Account. [ ] Licensee shall not pay any employee, contractor or vendor from Bank
 Account. Licensee shall disburse payments from Bank Account to Licensor or Licensee only [ ] when due under this Agreement, and
 only in respect to an open Quarterly Report. Licensee s creditors, which lien and security interest may be evidenced by the
 filing of a UCC-1 filing statement in the appropriate jurisdiction. Licensee will provide Licensor with viewing access to the Bank
 Account for the purpose of drafting the Licensor Report and reconciliation of receivables. In any event, at any time Licensor may
 request, and shall promptly receive, a Bank Account Statement from Licensee. [ ] 

4.2 Licensor Financial Reporting . Fifteen calendar days after the end of each Reporting Quarter
 in respect with each Unit, Licensor shall provide Licensee with a report on all Revenues and Permitted Expenses in connection with
 Permitted Toll Processing Activity or any other revenue streams agreed with Licensor per Unit, expressly permitted by Licensor and
 generated solely by authorized uses of each Unit deployed to date under this agreement Licensor Report ), in
 connection and in respect with each Unit, whether such revenue is generated directly by Licensee or by any of the Sublicensees.
 Licensor shall submit this report even if there are no Revenues with respect to the Unit during the Reporting Quarter. This report
 (in the form of Exhibit A) shall include Earned Royalties due under Section 3.2 above. [ ] Fifteen days after the end of each
 calendar month in respect with each Unit Licensor shall provide Licensee with an update on the Quarterly Report on all Revenues and
 Permitted Expenses in connection with Permitted Toll Processing Activity or any other revenue streams agreed with Licensor per Unit,
 expressly permitted by Licensor and generated solely by authorized uses of each Unit deployed to date under this agreement
 Licensor Report ), in connection and in respect with each Unit for the respective month, whether such revenue is
 generated directly by Licensee or by any of the Sublicensees. 

4.3 Records. Licensee shall keep, and shall require its
Affiliates, Sublicensees and their customers to keep, accurate and correct books of account, records of all transactions in connection
with this Agreement and the Sublicense Agreements, and any and all other records that may be necessary for the purpose of showing the
amounts payable to Licensor hereunder for at least six (6) years from the end of the calendar year of the record documents. Said records
shall be kept at Licensee s, Affiliates or Sublicensees principal place of business. 

9 

4.4 Audit. Licensee shall, and it shall require all Affiliates,
Sublicensees and their customers to: (a) open such records for inspection upon reasonable notice during business hours, and no more than
once per year, by either Licensor s, Licensor s auditor(s) or an independent certified accountant selected by Licensor, for
the purpose of verifying the amount of payments due; and (b) retain such records for at least six (6) years from the end of the calendar
year of the record documents. The terms of this Article shall survive any termination of this Agreement. Licensor is responsible for
all expenses of such inspection, except that if any inspection reveals an underpayment greater than five percent (5 of royalties due
to Licensor, then Licensee shall pay all expenses of that inspection and the amount of the underpayment and interest to Licensor within
thirty (30) days of written notice thereof. Licensee shall also reimburse Licensor for reasonable expenses required to collect the amount
underpaid. 

4.5 Payment . All disbursements due to Licensor and Licensee
shall be released from the Bank Account and made in U.S. dollars by wire or electronic transfer [ ] 

4.6 [ ] 

5. Performance Milestones . Licensee agrees to
use commercially reasonable and diligent efforts to engage with potential Sublicensees and negotiate in good faith agreements under terms
consented to by Licensor as soon as practicable. Licensee shall complete the milestones set forth in Exhibit B attached hereto
on or before the deadlines set therein. Licensor shall have sole discretion to determine if Licensee has satisfied a milestone. 

6. [ ] 

7. Security Breach . Either Party shall promptly
notify the other party in the event of a suspected or established breach of security (physical or virtual) in connection with any and
all activity related to this Agreement, potentially resulting in an unauthorized disclosure, misappropriation or loss of Confidential
Information or Know-How. The Parties shall collaborate in identifying the responsible for the breach and mitigate the effects, and in
prosecuting the responsible. The Parties shall cooperate with government authorities investigating security breaches. 

8. Term and Termination . 

8.1 Term . Unless terminated earlier as provided for herein,
the Term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for a duration of 5 (five) years, unless terminated
pursuant to this Section 8 or as otherwise provided in this agreement. 

10 

8.2 Termination by Licensee. Licensee may not terminate
this Agreement other than for a material Licensor s breach of Licensor s duties under this Agreement, which breach is not
cured for 60 (sixty) calendar days from the date a notice of breach is duly served on Licensor. 

8.3 Termination by Licensor . Licensor may terminate this
Agreement in its sole discretion if Licensee (or any of its Affiliates or Sublicensees): 

(a) Commits an Incurable Material Breach (which includes breaches
by Sublicensees and affiliates); 

(b) is delinquent more than 15 (fifteen) calendar days in any
Licensee Report or payment due under this Agreement; 

(c) is not using commercially reasonable and diligent efforts
to generate revenue in furtherance of this Agreement; 

(d) fails to meet a milestone set forth in Exhibit C, which Exhibit
C shall be agreed between Licensor and Licensee no later than June 15, 2023; 

(e) is in breach of any material provision of this Agreement,
including, but not limited to, Sections 3 and 4; 

(f) engages a potential Sublicensee without Licensor permission; 

(g) has provided, on its behalf or on behalf on another person,
any representations and warranties that are false or has failed to update representations and warranties that are no longer accurate; 

(h) provides any false Licensee Report. 

8.4 Partial Termination as to a Territory. With respect
to any Territory, if Licensee (itself or through Sublicensees) fails to realize the Minimum Revenue for more than two Reporting Quarters
in a row in connection with any Unit deployed in a Territory, Licensor shall, in its sole discretion revoke the Licensee s exclusive
license as to the Territory (and thus any Sublicense may be terminated with respect to such Territory) and give another party a concurrent,
non-exclusive license as to the Territory and deploy additional Units to any party designated by Licensor. 

11 

8.5 Bankruptcy. This Agreement shall automatically terminate
without further action by either party if either Licensor or Licensee files for bankruptcy, has a bankruptcy action against it, becomes
insolvent, enters into a composition with creditors or has a receiver appointed for it. All Earned Royalty and/or Upfront License Fee
becomes immediately due in such circumstances. 

8.6 Effect of Termination. If the Agreement is terminated
for any reason: 

(a) All rights and licenses of Sublicensees shall terminate upon
termination of the Agreement; and 

(b) Licensee shall cease advertising, using or in other manner
generating revenue in connection with the Licensed Patent or Equipment by the effective date of termination; and 

(c) Licensee shall only be liable for payment of all accrued
royalties and other payments due to Licensor as of the effective date of termination as well as any accrued interest, and such payment
shall be due immediately; and 

(d) If the Agreement is terminated for Licensee s failure
to pay the first Upfront Fee installment, then any Unit(s) deployed to Licensee, its Affiliates or Sub-Licensees, shall be promptly returned
to Licensor at Licensee s expense. 

(e) Nothing in this Agreement will be construed to release either
party from any obligation that matured prior to the effective date of termination. 

8.7 Surviving Provisions . The following Sections shall
survive the termination of this Agreement: 

(a) Section 9 (Confidentiality) 

(b) Section 10 (Background Intellectual Property and Improvements) 

(c) Section 11 (Patent Matters) 

(d) Section 13 (Government Laws and Regulations) 

12 

(e) Section 14 (Warranties and Disclaimers) 

(f) Section 15 (Risk) 

(g) Section 17 (Use of Name) 

(h) Section 18 (Notices) 

(i) Section 19 (General Provisions) 

The following Paragraphs and Articles
shall survive termination with respect to any activities and payment obligations accruing prior to termination or expiration of the Agreement: 

(j) Section 3 (Fees and Royalties) 

(k) Section 4 (Payment) 

9. Confidentiality . Licensor, Licensee and First
Sublicensee each agree that all Confidential Information disclosed in tangible form, and marked confidential and forwarded
to one by the other, or if disclosed orally, is designated as confidential at the time of disclosure: (i) is to be held in strict confidence
by the receiving party, (ii) is to be used by and under authority of the receiving party only as authorized in the Agreement, and (iii)
shall not be disclosed by the receiving party, its agents or employees without the prior written consent of the disclosing party. Licensee
has the right to use and disclose Confidential Information of Licensor reasonably in connection with the exercise of its rights under
the Agreement, including without limitation disclosing to Affiliates, Sublicensees, potential investors, acquirers, and others on a need-to-know
basis, if such Confidential Information is provided under conditions which reasonably protect the confidentiality thereof. Each party s
obligation of confidence hereunder includes, without limitation, using at least the same degree of care with the disclosing party s
Confidential Information as it uses to protect its own Confidential Information, but always at least a reasonable degree of care. 

10. Background Intellectual Property and Improvements. As
between the Parties, and subject to the licenses granted under this Agreement, each Party retains all rights, title, and interests in
and to all patent rights, know-how, and other intellectual property rights that such Party owns or otherwise controls as of the Effective
Date or that it develops or otherwise acquires after the Effective Date outside the performance of the activities under this Agreement.
Both Parties acknowledge that Licensor shall have exclusive and proprietary rights and interests in all rights, ownership, interests
and intellectual properties arising out of or created during the performance of this Agreement (the Developed Intellectual Property
Rights ). Licensee and/or Sublicensees, as appropriate, shall take all appropriate actions and render all appropriate assistance
for the purposes of vesting any ownership, title or interest of any Developed Intellectual Property Rights in Licensor as well as to
vest in Licensor any new patents hereafter developed by Licensee and/or Sublicensees. 

13 

11. Patent Matters. 

11.1 Patent Costs . 

Licensor shall bear all costs related
to the License Patent maintenance. 

11.2 Marking. Licensee shall mark all Units as Property
of Cryomass Technologies Inc and not subject to any enforcement/collections against Licensee or Sublicensee, except enforcement by Cryomass
Technologies Inc or a similar labeling provided by Licensor, which may, in Licensor s sole discretion, include a reference
to the Licensed Patent or other Licensor intellectual property. Licensee and/or Sublicensees shall keep the Units free from any other
marking or labeling which might be interpreted as a claim of ownership by anyone else than Licensor. Licensee shall mark all Units, if
applicable, with any patent markings required by law as instructed by Licensor. 

11.3 Infringement of the Licensed Patent or Unauthorized Disclosure
of Know-How. 

(a) If either Licensor, Licensee or First Sublicensee becomes
aware of any infringement or potential infringement of the Licensed Patent, or of any unauthorized disclosure or use of the Know-How,
each party shall promptly notify the other of such in writing. 

(b) Licensor shall, in its sole discretion, enforce the Licensed
Patent against any infringement by a third party. Licensee and/or First Sublicensee shall provide cooperation and, if determined necessary
by Licensor, shall join as a party. Licensee and/or First Sublicensee shall not settle, enter into voluntary disposition of, or compromise
any other type of litigation in a manner that imposes any obligations or restrictions on Licensor or grants any rights to the Licensed
Patent without Licensor s prior written permission. 

(c) Licensor shall retain the right at any time to initiate an
infringement action to enforce the Licensed Patent against the infringing activities. If Licensor pursues an infringement action in which
the person or persons responsible for the infringement are affiliated with Licensee or Sublicensees, Licensee shall be responsible for
all costs related to the infringement action. In addition, Licensor, in its sole discretion, shall have the right at any time to intervene
at Licensor s own expense and join Licensee in any claim or suit for infringement of the Licensed Patents. In the event Licensor
elects to join in such a claim or suit, any consideration received in connection with any such claim or suit shall be shared between
Licensor and Licensee in proportion with their share of the litigation expenses in such infringement action. 

14 

(d) In any infringement suit or dispute, the parties agree to
cooperate fully with each other. At the request of the party bringing suit, the other party will permit reasonable access after reasonable
advance notice to all relevant personnel, records, papers, information, samples, specimens, etc., during regular business hours, as is
necessary for the infringement suit or dispute and/or to comply with lawful process of a court of competent jurisdiction. 

(e) If it is necessary to name Licensor as a party in such action
for infringement, then Licensee must first obtain Licensor s prior written permission, which permission shall not be unreasonably
withheld, provided that Licensor shall have reasonable prior input on choice of counsel on any matter where such counsel represents Licensor. 

11.4 Challenging the Licensed Patent. 

(a) In the event that Licensee or its Sublicensee(s), during
the Term of this Agreement, contest the validity or enforceability of the Licensed Patent or whether there is infringement of the Licensed
Patent (collectively, Patent Challenge ), Licensee agrees, and shall require its Sublicensees to agree, to pay to Licensor
all royalties due under the Agreement during the period of the Patent Challenge. Such amounts shall be paid directly to the Licensor
as specified in Section 4.4 and not into any escrow or other account. 

(b) In the event that a Patent Challenge brought by Licensee
is successful, Licensee shall have no right to recoup any royalties paid prior to the conclusion of the Patent Challenge. The parties
agree that a Patent Challenge is concluded when a court of competent jurisdiction enters final judgment or when a national patent office
enters a final determination, and in any event when the parties have exhausted all possible appeals. 

(c) In the event of a Patent Challenge brought by Licensee, Licensee
shall pay the reasonable attorney fees and costs of Licensor in such action if the challenged Licensed Patent(s) is/are not found invalid,
unenforceable or limited in scope by a United States District Court or the U.S.P.T.O. or another competent jurisdiction. 

(d) Licensor reserves the right to terminate this Agreement immediately
if Licensee or its Affiliate or Sublicensee initiates any proceeding or action to challenge the validity, enforceability, or scope of
one or more of the Patent rights, or assist a third party in pursuing such a proceeding or action. 

12. Licensor s Right of First Refusal . Should
Licensee, or Licensee s parent company, receive a solicited or unsolicited offer for either a majority of the assets or majority
(51 stock acquisition of Licensee s assets or, respectively, stock from one party (including its affiliates), Licensee or its
parent company shall promptly inform Licensor of such offer, including the identity of the offeror, and shall give Licensor the right
of first refusal with respect to such offer at the offering price. Licensor shall have 10 (ten) calendar days to provide its offer with
respect to either Licensee s assets or stock, followed by a 30 (thirty) days due diligence and an additional 30 (thirty) days for
Licensor to raise capital 

15 

13. Government Laws and Regulations . 

13.1 Government Approvals. Licensee (including Licensee s
affiliates), at Licensee s expense, or Sublicensee. Including First Sublicensee, as appropriate, shall obtain and maintain at all
times all necessary government approvals, including Cannabis License for deployment of Units, use of Licensed Patent and generation of
revenues in connection with this Agreement and any applicable Sublicense. Under no circumstance shall Licensor be, and shall not be,
considered or represented to be a third-party beneficiary of any cannabis product manufacturing or transaction relationship between Licensee
and a Cannabis License holder from any state. Should any Government Authority indicate to Licensee, its affiliates or Sublicensees, verbally
or in writing, that it might consider Licensor a third-party beneficiary in connection with any cannabis-related transaction requiring
a Cannabis License, the person having knowledge of such potential designation shall promptly (1) inform Licensor of the circumstances
of the Government Authority statement, and (2) shall fully cooperate with Licensor to ensure that Licensor will not be considered a third-party
beneficiary or a person operating without a Cannabis License. 

13.2 Government Registration . If this Agreement or any associated
transaction is required by law to be either approved or registered with any governmental agency, Licensee shall assume all legal obligations
to do so and shall do so at Licensee s expense. 

13.3 Violations of Applicable Cannabis Laws and Regulations.
 Licensee and First Sublicensee shall observe and shall contractually mandate their affiliates and Sublicensees to observe all applicable
cannabis laws and regulations. 

14. Warranties and Disclaimers . 

14.1 Licensor Representations and Warranties. Licensor represents
and warrants to Licensee that to the best of the knowledge of Licensor, Licensor has full corporate power and authority to enter into
this Agreement, this Agreement constitutes the binding legal obligation of the Licensor, and execution and performance of this Agreement
by Licensor will not violate or conflict with any other agreement to which Licensor is a party or by which it is bound or with any law,
rule or regulation applicable to Licensor. Licensor further represents and warrants that it is a duly organized, validly existing entity,
and is in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization. 

16 

14.2 Licensor s DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. EXCEPT AS
SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH ABOVE, LICENSEE UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT LICENSOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, AS TO THE UNITS, OR AS TO THE OPERABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY USE OR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY,
SAFETY, EFFICACY, APPROVABILITY BY REGULATORY AUTHORITIES, NONINFRINGEMENT, AND/OR BREADTH OF PATENT RIGHTS. LICENSOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION
AS TO WHETHER ANY CLAIM OR PATENT WITHIN PATENT RIGHTS IS VALID, OR AS TO WHETHER THERE ARE ANY PATENTS NOW HELD, OR WHICH WILL BE HELD,
BY OTHERS OR BY LICENSOR THAT MIGHT BE REQUIRED FOR USE OF PATENT RIGHTS IN FIELD OF USE. NOTHING IN THE AGREEMENT WILL BE CONSTRUED
AS CONFERRING BY IMPLICATION, ESTOPPEL OR OTHERWISE ANY LICENSE OR RIGHTS TO ANY PATENTS OR TECHNOLOGY OF LICENSOR OTHER THAN THE PATENT
RIGHTS, WHETHER SUCH PATENTS ARE DOMINANT OR SUBORDINATE TO THE PATENT RIGHTS, OR THE UNITS SPECIFICALLY DESCRIBED HEREIN. 

14.3 Licensee s and First Sublicensee s Representations
and Warranties. Licensee and First Sublicensee each represent that each has full corporate power and authority to enter into this
Agreement, this Agreement constitutes the binding legal obligation of the Licensee and/or First Sublicensee, and execution and performance
of this Agreement by Licensee and /or First Sublicensee will not violate or conflict with any other agreement to which either Licensee
or First Sublicensee is a party or by which it is bound or with any law, rule, or regulation applicable to such parties. Licensee and
First Sublicensee each further represents and warrants that it is a duly, validly existing entity, and is in good standing under the
laws of its jurisdiction of organization. Licensee and First Sublicensee each further represents and warrants that it has had the opportunity
to review the Licensed Patent along with the prosecution history of Patent Application No. 15/606672 entitled System and Method
for Cryogenic Separation of Plant Material, and that Licensee and/or First Sublicensee had the opportunity to engage professionals
to aid Licensee and/or First Sublicensee in this review; based on that review, Licensee and/or First Sublicensee believes that the Licensed
Patent is valid and enforceable. 

15. Risk . 

15.1 Indemnification. 

Licensee (including RedTape Core
Partners LLC and its affiliates) and First Sublicensee and its affiliates) agree to indemnify, defend (with counsel selected by Licensor)
and hold harmless Licensor, and its respective officers, directors, managers, employees, and agents Indemnitees against
any and all liabilities, claims, suits, causes of action, judgments, liens, losses, damages, costs, fees, penalties, fines and expenses
(including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses of litigation) Liabilities resulting
from claims or demands brought by third parties against an Indemnitee on account of any injury or death of persons, damage to property,
or any other damage or loss whatsoever (1) arising out of or in connection with Licensee s actions under this Agreement; (2) arising
out of or in connection with the exercise or practice of the rights granted hereunder by or under authority of Licensee, its Affiliates
or their Sublicensees, or (3) relating in any way to the use of Units once deployed by Licensor. This indemnification shall include, without
limitation, any product liability claim or other claim of any kind related to the use by a third party of a Unit that was manufactured,
sold, rented or otherwise disposed of by Licensor, its assignees, Sublicensees, vendors, or other third parties, and (ii) a claim by a
third party that the Licensed Patent or the design, composition, manufacture, use, lease, sale or other disposition of any Unit infringes
or violates any patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights of such third party; provided, however, that Licensee
will not be required to indemnify Licensor for any claim against Licensor for patent infringement based on a permissible use of the Equipment
under this License Agreement. For avoidance of doubt, Licensor expressly disclaims any indemnification obligation based on Section 2-312(3)
of the Uniform Commercial Code or its state equivalent. 

17 

15.2 Insurance 

(a) Throughout the Term, Licensee, at Licensee s sole cost,
shall procure and maintain in full force and effect a policy or policies of comprehensive commercial general liability insurance, including
broad form and contractual liability, in a minimum amount of 2,000,000 combined single limit per occurrence and in the aggregate as
respects personal injury, bodily injury, and property damage however occasioned arising out of this Agreement. 

(b) The policy or policies of insurance described in this Section
15.2 (a shall be issued in such form as is reasonably acceptable to Licensor and shall be issued by a carrier with an A.M. Best rating
of A(VIII) or better. The policy or policies shall be endorsed to (i) name Licensor and their respective officers, directors, managers,
employees, and agents as additional insureds on a primary and noncontributory basis; and (ii) to provide Licensor with at least thirty
(30) days prior written notice of cancellation or material change in coverage. Within thirty (30) days following the Effective Date and
thereafter no less than thirty days prior to expiration of the policy, Licensee shall provide Licensor with certificates of insurance,
copies of endorsements and portions of the policy, where necessary, to evidence the required coverage and any renewals thereof for a
period of at least one year. 

(c) Licensor, in Licensor s sole discretion, may at any
time during the Term review the insurance limits required above and adjust the limits to be consistent with commercially reasonable requirements
for similar agreements. 

15.3 Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR,
AND ITS OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR AFFILIATED ENTERPRISES, BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
AGREEMENT OR ITS SUBJECT MATTER, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY SUCH PARTY KNOWS OR SHOULD KNOW OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 

16. Assignment. The Agreement may not be assigned
by Licensee and/or First Sublicensee without the prior written consent of Licensor, which Assignment Licensor shall not unreasonably
withhold. A merger or other transaction in which the equity holders of Licensee prior to such event hold less than a majority of the
equity of the surviving or acquiring entity shall be considered an assignment of the Agreement. For any permitted assignment to be effective,
(a) Licensee shall be in good standing under this Agreement, (b) the assignee shall assume in writing (a copy of which shall be promptly
provided to Licensor) all of Licensee s interests, rights, duties and obligations under the Agreement and agree to comply with
all terms and conditions of the Agreement as if assignee were an original party to the Agreement. 

17. Use of Name. Licensee and/or First Sublicensee
shall not use the name, trademarks or other marks of Licensor without the advance written consent of Licensor, which may be withheld
in Licensor s sole discretion. Licensor may use Licensee s and/or First Sublicensee s name and logo for annual reports,
brochures, website, internal reports and other marketing materials and publications without Licensee s prior consent provided that
this use is limited to advertising the Licensee s ability to offer the Units and that this use does not state or imply that Licensee
and/or First Sublicensee is the owner of the Units. 

18. Notice . All notices to be given under
this Agreement shall be in writing and delivered either personally or sent by United States mail, certified, postage prepaid, or by pre-paid
nationally recognized overnight courier service, and in each case addressed as set forth in this Section 18. Notices given under this
Agreement will be deemed to have been given when received or when receipt is refused or when delivery is first attempted but cannot be
made. Either party may change the location at which it receives notices to another location within the United States of America upon
not less than ten (10) days prior written notice to the other pursuant to this Section 18. 

(a) All notices to Licensee are mailed to 

[ ] 

18 

(b) All notices to First Sublicensee are mailed to: 

[ ] 

(c) All notices to Licensor are mailed to: 

[ ] 

19. General Provisions . 

19.1 Governing Law. The Agreement will be construed and
enforced in accordance with laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the choice of law and conflicts of law principles. 

19.2 Compliance with Laws. Licensee and its affiliates,
First Sublicensee and Sublicensees will comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. 

19.3 Forum Selection. Licensee and First Sublicensee acknowledge
that any claim for breach of the Agreement asserted by one party hereto against the other, or by Sublicensees, shall be brought in a
court of competent jurisdiction in Las Vegas, Nevada. 

19.4 Prevailing Party. If any legal action or other proceeding
is brought for the enforcement of this Agreement or because of an alleged dispute, breach, default or misrepresentation in connection
with any provisions of this Agreement, the successful or prevailing party or parties shall entitled to recover from the non-prevailing
, reasonable attorneys fees, court costs and all expenses, even if not taxable as court costs (including, without limitation,
all such fees, costs and expenses incident to appeals), incurred in that action or proceeding, in addition to any other relief to which
such party or parties may be entitled. 

19.5 Binding Effect. The Agreement is binding upon and inures
to the benefit of the parties hereto, their respective executors, administrators, heirs, permitted assigns, and permitted successors
in interest. 

19.6 Joint and Several Liability. Each of RedTape Core Partners
LLC, Coastal Refinement Solutions Inc. and their affiliates shall be jointly and severally liable for the obligations of Licensee and/or
Sub-Licensees in this Agreement. 

19 

19.7 Force Majeure . In the event any party shall be delayed,
hindered, or prevented from performing any act required by this Agreement by reason of labor strikes, lock-outs, inability to procure
materials, failure of power, restrictive governmental laws or regulations, riots, insurrections, war or any reason of similar nature,
not the fault of the delayed party, then the performance of such act shall be excused and extended for a period equal to the period of
such delay, provided that if such delay lasts for more than 30 days the Licensor has the right to terminate this Agreement. 

19.8 Construction of Agreement . Headings are included for
convenience only and will not be used to construe the Agreement. The parties acknowledge and agree that both parties substantially participated
in negotiating the provisions of the Agreement; therefore, both parties agree that any ambiguity in the Agreement shall not be construed
more favorably toward one party than the other party, regardless of which party primarily drafted the Agreement. 

19.9 Modification . Any modification of the Agreement will
be effective only if it is in writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of both parties. No modification will be made by
email communications. 

19.10 Severability. The provisions of this Agreement are
severable, and in the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be determined to be invalid or unenforceable under any controlling
body of the law, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not in any way affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions
hereof. 

19.11 Waiver. Neither party will be deemed to have waived
any of its rights under the Agreement unless the waiver is in writing and signed by such party. No delay or omission of a party in exercising
or enforcing a right or remedy under the Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof. 

19.12 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including all Exhibits
attached hereto and incorporated herein, constitutes the entire understanding between the parties. This Agreement supersedes any and
all prior understandings and agreements between the parties, oral and written. 

19.13 Counterparts and Signatures . The Agreement may be executed
in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
instrument. A party may evidence its execution and delivery of the Agreement by transmission of a signed copy of the Agreement via facsimile
or email. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto
have caused their duly authorized representatives to execute this Agreement as of the day first written above. 

[signature page follows] 

20 

LICENSOR : 

CRYOMASS TECHNOLOGIES INC 

BY: 

Christian No l, Chief Executive Officer 

LICENSEE : 

By: 

Michael Tanzer, Authorized Representative 

FIRST SUBLICENSEE : 

By: 

Michael Tanzer, Chief Executive Officer 

21 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_cryomasstec.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SS 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 
18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Christian No l, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cryomass Technologies Inc; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Christian No l 

Christian No l 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_cryomasstec.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SS 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Philip B. Mullin, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cryomass Technologies Inc; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Philip B. Mullin 

Philip B Mullin 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_cryomasstec.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Christian No l, hereby certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cryomass Technologies Inc for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Cryomass Technologies Inc 

Dated: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Christian No l 

Christian No l 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Cryomass Technologies Inc 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form
within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Cryomass Technologies Inc and will
be retained by Cryomass Technologies Inc and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_cryomasstec.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Philip B. Mullin, hereby certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cryomass Technologies Inc for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Cryomass Technologies Inc 

Dated: March 24, 2023 

/s/ Philip B. Mullin 

Philip B Mullin 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Cryomass Technologies Inc 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form
within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Cryomass Technologies Inc and will
be retained by Cryomass Technologies Inc and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 crym-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 crym-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 crym-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 crym-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 crym-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

