<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_41719_0000041719-23-000005.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18082678</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>230923</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2875336</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6688782</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4238007</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3732435</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000041719-23-000005.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227164806
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000041719-23-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		158
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Glatfelter Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000041719
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PAPER MILLS [2621]
		IRS NUMBER:				230628360
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03560
		FILM NUMBER:		23675947

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4350 CONGRESS STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28209
		BUSINESS PHONE:		866-744-7380

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4350 CONGRESS STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28209

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GLATFELTER P H CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000041719-23-000005.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 glt-20221231.htm
 10-K

glt-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Commission file number Exact name of registrant as 
 specified in its charter 
 IRS Employer 
 Identification No. 
 State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of Each Exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes . 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a small reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer and smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Small reporting company Emerging Growth Company 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No . 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Based on the closing price as of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the Common Stock of the Registrant held by non affiliates was million. 
 Common Stock outstanding on February 22, 2023 totaled shares . 

Table of Contents 

 GLATFELTER CORPORATION 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 2022 
 Table of Contents Page PART I 
 Item 1 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 12 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 12 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 12 
 Executive Officers 
 13 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 13 
 PART II 
 Item 5 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 14 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 14 
 Item 6 [Reserved] 
 14 
 Item 7 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 15 
 Results of Operations 
 16 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 24 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 26 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 29 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 29 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # 
 30 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) 
 33 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 34 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 35 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 36 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 37 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 38 
 1. Organization 
 38 
 2. Accounting Policies 
 38 
 3. Acquisitions 
 41 
 4. Discontinued Operations 
 43 
 5. Restructuring 
 43 
 6. Goodwill and Asset Impairments 
 44 
 7. Gain on Dispositions of Plant, Equipment and Timberlands 
 44 
 8. Revenue 
 46 
 9. Earnings Per Share 
 47 
 10. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 47 
 11. Income Taxes 
 49 
 12. Stock-Based Compensation 
 53 
 13. Retirement Plans and Other Post-Retirement Benefits 
 54 
 14. Inventories 
 57 
 15. Plant, Equipment and Timberlands 
 57 
 16. Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 58 
 17. Other Long-Term Assets 
 59 
 18. Other Current Liabilities 
 59 
 19. Leases 
 59 
 20. Long-Term Debt 
 60 
 21. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 62 
 22. Financial Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
 62 
 23. Shareholders Equity 
 65 
 24. Commitments, Contingencies and Legal Proceedings 
 65 
 25. Segment and Geographic Information 
 67 
 26. Subsequent Event 
 69 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 70 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 70 
 Item 9B Other Information 
 70 
 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 70 
 PART III 
 Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 70 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 71 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 71 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 71 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 71 
 PART IV 
 Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 72 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 72 
 Signatures 
 75 
 Schedule II 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 Glatfelter Corporation makes regular filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), including this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. These filings are available, free of charge, on our website, www.glatfelter.com , and the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . We also provide copies of our SEC filings at no charge upon request to Investor Relations at (717) 225-2746, ir@glatfelter.com , or by mail to Investor Relations, 4350 Congress Street, Suite 600, Charlotte, NC 28209. In this filing, unless the context indicates otherwise, the terms we, our, us, the Company, or Glatfelter refer to Glatfelter Corporation and subsidiaries. 
 The following discussion of our Business sets forth an update of the material developments since our most recent full discussion included in Item 1 Business of our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 1 BUSINESS 
 Overview Glatfelter is a leading global supplier of engineered materials. Our high-quality, innovative, and customizable solutions are found in tea and single-serve coffee filtration, personal hygiene, as well as in many diverse packaging, home improvement and industrial applications. Our 2022 net sales were 1.5 billion with customers in over 100 countries. Our operations utilize a variety of manufacturing technologies including airlaid, wetlaid, and spunlace with sixteen manufacturing sites located in the United States, Canada, Germany, the United Kingdom, France, Spain, and the Philippines. We have sales offices in all major geographies serving customers under the Glatfelter and Sontara brands. 
 In 2022, Glatfelter had a transition in leadership by appointing Thomas Fahnemann as the new Chief Executive Officer of the Company. In making the transition, the Board of Directors reaffirmed its view that Glatfelter has the right combination of business segments serving attractive, growth-oriented markets and customers with sustainable product offerings, but has brought in a new CEO to address the challenges impacting Glatfelter s financial performance while charting a new direction to unlock the full value of Glatfelter. As such, we initiated a turnaround strategy in late 2022 that focuses on six key initiatives to drive profitability improvements: 
 
 Portfolio optimization - Includes reviewing our entire asset portfolio and considering the strategic, financial, and operational value of each asset in the near- and long-term. We will focus on areas of our portfolio that have scale, or the potential for scale, a strong market leading position and core competencies in manufacturing technology. 
 
 Margin improvement - This is a fundamental part of the turnaround strategy which includes placing greater focus on profitability rather than simple top-line growth. We will continue to address input costs and will continue to see the benefit of pricing actions throughout the course of 2023. 
 
 Fixed asset reduction - Includes evaluating our fixed costs and taking action to make significant reductions. We anticipate that the savings underway will generate full year run-rate savings in the range of 9 10 million by 2024. 
 
 Cash liberation - This initiative is supported by the work on the first three initiatives in our plan. We will focus on paying down debt, decreasing our leverage, and increasing EBITDA. We will continue to make prudent decisions with respect to capital allocation and maintain a disciplined approach to managing our accounts receivables, finished goods inventory and raw material pricing. The Board s decision last year to suspend the dividend frees up approximately 25 million of cash annually. 
 
 Operational effectiveness - We are driving continuous improvements across our operations, identifying areas for process enhancements and waste reduction, and expanding operational best practices across the organization. 
 
 Return Spunlace to profitability - We are executing all the initiatives in our turnaround plan with a heightened sense of urgency of returning our Spunlace segment to profitability. 
 We manage our business and make investment decisions under a functional operating model with three distinct reporting segments: Airlaid Materials, Composite Fibers and Spunlace. These segments serve growing global customers and markets providing innovative and customizable solutions, ultimately delivering high-quality engineered materials. As a leading global supplier of engineered materials for consumer and industrial applications, we partner with leading consumer product companies and other market leaders to provide innovative solutions delivering outstanding performance to meet market requirements. Over the past several years, we have divested non-strategic assets and made investments to increase production capacity and improve our technical capabilities to ensure we are best positioned to serve the market demands 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 1 

Table of Contents 

 and grow our sales. We are committed to growing with our key markets and will make appropriate investments to support our customers and satisfy market demands. 
 In 2021, we completed two significant acquisitions to further our business transformation and in alignment with our stated strategy. On May 13, 2021, we completed the acquisition of all the outstanding equity interests of Georgia-Pacific Mt. Holly LLC, Georgia-Pacific s U.S. nonwovens business Mount Holly ), for 170.9 million. This business includes the Mount Holly, NC manufacturing facility and an R D center and pilot line for nonwovens product development in Memphis, TN. The Mount Holly facility produces high-quality airlaid products for the wipes, hygiene, and other nonwoven materials markets, competing in the marketplace with nonwoven technologies and substrates, as well as other materials focused primarily on consumer based end-use applications. The Mount Holly acquisition expanded our footprint and income generation in the U.S. and balanced our sales mix between the Airlaid Materials and Composite Fibers segments. 
 On October 29, 2021, we completed the acquisition of PMM Holding (Luxembourg) AG, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries Jacob Holm ), a global leading manufacturer of premium quality spunlace nonwoven fabrics for critical cleaning, high-performance materials, personal care, hygiene and medical applications, for an enterprise value of approximately 304.0 million, including the extinguishment of debt. We expect the combination to create an expanded portfolio of engineered specialty applications manufactured on spunlace-based production assets with opportunities for long-term growth aligned with post-COVID lifestyle changes. Jacob Holm's results are reported prospectively from the date of acquisition as Spunlace, a newly established reporting segment. 
 Additional information related to these acquisitions is set forth in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 3 Acquisitions . 
 Segments Consolidated net sales and the relative net sales contribution of each of our segments for the past three years are summarized below (the data includes the results of the recently completed acquisitions prospectively from the closing date): 
 Dollars in thousands 
 2022 2021 2020 Net sales 1,491,326 1,084,694 916,498 Operating segment contribution Airlaid Materials 40.4 43.4 42.7 Composite Fibers 35.1 51.3 57.3 Spunlace 24.5 5.3 Total 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 Net tons sold by each segment for the past three years were as follows: 
 Metric tons 2022 2021 2020 Airlaid Materials 164,844 148,134 136,661 Composite Fibers 103,092 132,196 134,758 Spunlace 72,725 12,514 Total 340,661 292,844 271,419 
 AIRLAID MATERIALS Airlaid Materials, with 2022 net sales of approximately 601.5 million, is a leading global supplier of highly absorbent and engineered cellulose-based airlaid nonwoven materials, primarily used to manufacture consumer products for growing global end-user markets. Our products are composed of all-natural fluff pulp, which is sustainable by design. The categories served by Airlaid Materials include: 
 feminine hygiene and other hygiene products; 
 specialty wipes; 
 tabletop; 
 adult incontinence; 
 home care; 
 food pads; and 
 other consumer and industrial products. 
 Airlaid Materials customers are industry leading consumer product companies, as well as private label converters. We believe this business holds a leading position in the majority of the markets it serves. Airlaid Materials has developed long-term customer relationships through superior quality, customer service, and a reputation for quickly bringing product and process innovations to market. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 This segment s net sales composition by categories is set forth in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 8 Revenue . 
 The feminine hygiene category accounted for 39.6 and 44.0 of Airlaid Material s net sales in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Most feminine hygiene sales are to a group of large, leading global consumer products companies. We believe these markets are growth oriented due to population growth in certain geographic regions and changing consumer preferences. In developing regions, demand is also influenced by increases in disposable income and cultural preferences. 
 Airlaid Materials operates state-of-the-art facilities in Falkenhagen and Steinfurt, Germany, Gatineau, Canada, Fort Smith, Arkansas, and Mount Holly, North Carolina. The segment's five facilities operate with the following combined attributes (in metric tons): 
 Airlaid Production 
 Capacity (metric tons) 
 Principal Raw Material PRM Estimated Annual 
 Quantity of PRM 
 (short tons) 
 190,000 Fluff pulp 130,000 
 Key raw materials used in the airlaid production process other than fluff pulp include synthetic fibers, super absorbent polymers, and latex. The cost to produce is influenced by the cost of critical raw materials and energy prices. Airlaid Materials purchases substantially all the electricity and natural gas used in its operations. Approximately 77 of this segment s net sales in 2022 was earned under contracts whose selling price is influenced by pass-through provisions directly related to the cost of certain key raw materials. 
 Airlaid Materials continues to be a technology and product innovation leader in technically demanding segments of the markets it serves. Its airlaid material production employs multi-bonded, thermal-bonded and hydrogen-bonded airlaid technologies. We believe that its facilities are among the most modern and flexible airlaid facilities in the world, allowing it to produce at industry leading operating rates. Its proprietary single-lane festooning technology provides converting and product packaging capabilities which supports efficiency in the customers converting processes. Airlaid Materials in-house technical expertise combined with significant capital investment requirements and rigorous customer expectations creates large barriers to entry for new competitors. 
 The following summarizes Airlaid Materials key competitors: 
 Market segment Competitor Hygiene and other absorbent products Fitesa, McAirlaid s, Domtar, Suominen, Karweb Nonwovens, and Gelok International Wipes Suominen, Berry Global, Kimberly-Clark, Spuntech Industries, and AS Nonwovens Tabletop SharpCell, Duni/Rexcell, Ascutec, Karweb Nonwovens, and Main 
 The global markets served by Airlaid Materials are characterized by attractive growth opportunities. To take advantage of this, our strategy is focused on: 
 maintaining and expanding relationships with customers that are market-leading consumer product companies, as well as companies converting and distributing through private label arrangements; 
 capitalizing on our product and process innovation capabilities, including developing plastic-free technologies; 
 expanding geographic reach of markets served; 
 optimizing the use of existing production capacity; and 
 employing continuous improvement methodologies and initiatives to reduce costs, improve efficiencies and create additional capacity. 
 COMPOSITE FIBERS Our Composite Fibers segment, with 2022 net sales of approximately 523.9 million, processes specialty long fibers, primarily from natural sources such as abaca, and other materials to create premium value-added products in the following categories: 
 Food beverage filtration material primarily used for single-serve coffee and tea products; 
 Technical specialties consists of a diverse line of specialty engineered products used in commercial and industrial applications such as electrical energy storage, home, hygiene, and other highly-engineered fiber-based applications; 
 Wallcover base materials used by the world s largest wallpaper manufacturers; 
 Composite laminates decorative laminate solutions used in furniture, and household and commercial flooring, and other applications; and 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 3 

Table of Contents 

 Metallized products used in labels, packaging liners, gift wrap, and other consumer product applications. 
 We believe Composite Fibers maintains a market leadership position in the single-serve coffee and tea filtration markets, wallcover base material and many other products it produces. We believe many of the markets served by Composite Fibers present attractive growth opportunities due to evolving consumer preferences, new or emerging geographic markets, new product innovation and increased market share through superior products and quality. 
 This segment s net sales composition by categories is set forth in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 8 Revenue . 
 Composite Fibers is comprised of five production facilities (Germany (3), France, and England), a metallizing operation (Wales) and a pulp mill (the Philippines). The combined attributes of the facilities are summarized as follows (in metric tons): 
 Production 
 Capacity 
 Principal Raw Material 
 PRM 
 Estimated Annual 
 Quantity of PRM 
 147,000 lightweight and other paper Abaca pulp 14,400 Wood pulp 86,500 Synthetic fiber 21,500 11,200 metallized Base stock 11,000 12,000 abaca pulp Abaca fiber 23,700 
 The primary raw materials used in the production of our lightweight materials are softwood pulps, abaca pulp, and other specialty fibers. Securing adequate quantities of abaca pulp and its source material, abaca fiber, are important to support growth in this segment. Abaca pulp, a specialized pulp with limited sources of availability globally, is produced by our Philippine pulp mill, providing a unique advantage to our Composite Fibers segment. As the supply of abaca fiber becomes constrained or when production demands exceed the capacity of the Philippines mill, alternative sources and/or substitute fibers are used to meet customer demands. 
 In addition to critical raw materials, Composite Fibers production cost is influenced by the price of electricity and natural gas. In 2022, Composite Fibers purchased approximately 74 of its electricity needs, the cost of which is influenced by the natural gas markets. In addition, the segment generates all the steam used in production by burning natural gas. 
 In Composite Fibers markets, competition is product line specific as the necessity for technical expertise and specialized manufacturing equipment limits the number of companies offering multiple product lines. In addition, Composite Fibers lightweight products are produced using highly specialized inclined wire paper machine technology. The following chart summarizes key competitors by market segment: 
 Market segment Competitor Single serve coffee tea Ahlstrom, Delfort, Purico, Miquel y Costas, and Zhejiang Kan Technical specialties Nippon Kodoshi (NKK), Zhejiang Kan, Twin Rivers, Suominen, and Miquel y Costas Wallcovering Technocell, Neu Kaliss, Kaemmerer, and Ahlstrom 
 Composite laminates Mativ, Purico, Miquel y Costas, and Qi Feng Metallized AR Metallizing, Torras Papel Novelis, Vaassen, Galileo Nanotech, and Wenzhou Protec Vacuum Metallizing Co. 
 Our strategy in Composite Fibers is focused on: 
 leveraging innovation resources to drive plastic free applications, and new product and new business development; 
 optimizing our asset utilization and product portfolio while capitalizing on growing global markets in beverage filtration, electrical storage, and consumer products trends; 
 maximize continuous improvement methodologies to increase productivity, reduce costs, and expand capacity; and 
 ensuring readily available access to specialized raw material requirements or suitable alternatives to support projected growth. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 SPUNLACE Our Spunlace segment, with 2022 net sales of approximately 365.9 million, is a global leading specialty manufacturer of premium quality spunlace nonwovens for critical cleaning, high-performance materials, personal care, surface disinfecting wipes, hygiene, beauty care and medical applications. Spunlace, formed as a result of our Jacob Holm acquisition, is a global manufacturer with state of the art proprietary production technology, conversion capabilities and branded products. Spunlace serves the world's largest brands and focuses on quality, sustainability, and innovation. The categories served by Spunlace include: 
 consumer wipes; 
 critical cleaning; 
 health care; 
 feminine hygiene; 
 high performance materials; and 
 beauty care. 
 Spunlace's products are used by a wide range of end users. The critical cleaning and high performance product categories are used in applications such as automotive refinishing, aerospace, cleanroom, automotive acoustics, fire blocking and filtration. It has long-standing relationships with its customers who are niche players with highly specialized requirements. Health and beauty care includes medical gowns and drapes, wound care, surgical towels, facial masks and face and body wipes. Customers in the wipes and feminine hygiene category consist of some of the world's largest consumer brands, retailers, and converters. 
 Spunlace s operates four manufacturing facilities, two of which are located in the United States, and one each in France and Spain. In addition, Spunlace provides converting capabilities transforming semi-finished roll goods into finished products using various converting technologies. Spunlace production facilities have the following combined attributes (in metric tons): 
 Spunlace Production Capacity 
 Principal Raw Material 
 PRM 
 Estimated Annual 
 Quantity of PRM (metric tonnes) 
 91,000 Synthetic fibers 37,500 Pulp-based fibers 32,750 Fluff pulp 17,850 Base paper 16,350 
 Key raw materials used in the spunlace production process include natural and synthetic fibers, pulps, and paper stock. The spunlace production process utilized by Spunlace's facilities consumes a significant amount of water to facilitate the formation of fibers into salable product. The cost to produce is influenced by the cost of critical raw materials and energy prices, including electricity and natural gas used in its operations. Approximately 55 of this segment s net sales in 2022 was earned under contracts whose selling price is influenced by pass-through provisions directly related to the price indices of certain key raw materials. 
 The following summarizes Spunlace's key competitors: 
 Market segment Competitor Critical cleaning and high performance Kimberly-Clark, Berry Global, Sellars, Suominen, and Norafin Feminine hygiene, personal care, health and beauty Sandler, Suominen, BC Nonwovens, Spuntech, Mogul, Dalian Ruiguang Nonwoven Group, and Asahi Kasei 
 Our strategy in Spunlace is focused on: 
 integrating its operations to maximize planned synergies; 
 leading the industry transition in sustainability by leveraging our technological advantage; 
 being the preferred co-innovator; 
 optimizing the use of existing production capacity; and 
 delivering operational excellence. 
 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 5 

Table of Contents 

 Concentration of Customers In 2022, 2021 and 2020, approximately 15 , 16 and 16 , respectively, of our consolidated net sales were from sales to Procter Gamble Company, a customer in the Airlaid Materials and Spunlace segments. 
 Capital Expenditures Our business requires expenditures for equipment enhancements to support growth strategies, research and development initiatives, and for normal upgrades or replacements. Capital expenditures totaled 37.7 million, 30.0 million and 28.1 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Capital expenditures in 2023 are estimated to total between approximately 35 million and 40 million, including 4 to 5 million for Spunlace integration. 
 Government Regulations We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations intended to protect the environment, as well as human health and safety. These regulations include, among others, limits on air emissions and water use and discharges by our facilities throughout the world. Glatfelter is committed to operating responsibly and addressing the concerns and needs of our stakeholders. At various times, we have incurred costs to comply with these regulations and we could incur additional costs as new regulations are developed or regulatory priorities change. 
 Human Capital Our business is guided by our Board of Directors and a diverse management team comprised of leaders with extensive business and industry experience. Additional information on our leadership team is set forth within this Form 10-K under the caption Executive Officers . As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 3,250 people worldwide, the substantial majority of whom are skilled personnel responsible for the production and commercialization of our Airlaid Materials, Composite Fibers, and Spunlace products. Our facilities are a continuous flow manufacturing operation with approximately 67.8 of our employees represented by local works councils or trade unions in Europe, the United Kingdom, Canada, and the Philippines. 
 The daily work of Glatfelter employees is rooted in the Company s longstanding Code of Business Conduct and Core Values of Integrity, Financial Discipline, Mutual Respect, Customer Focus, Environmental Responsibility, and Social Responsibility. 
 Employee Health and Safety We have a well-established safety management system and ongoing employee well-being programs. The health and safety of our employees have remained a top priority, and we have been diligently taking the necessary measures to protect employees throughout our various facilities. This includes expanded safety, hygiene, and communication protocols as we operate in a post-pandemic environment. 
 We view health and safety as everyone s responsibility and involve all employees at every level of the organization in our programs. Glatfelter facilities are striving to be injury free every day through implementation of our Global Health Safety Program, regulatory compliance, site-specific safety plans, safety resources and training, ongoing risk assessment and a safety auditing program. We track multiple safety metrics, including total case incident rate TCIR ), to encourage and ensure continuous improvement and mitigation of potential safety risks. In recent years, our TCIR has consistently ranked in the top quartile of safety performance in our industry. 
 Talent Attraction, Retention, and Development Our employees make essential contributions to our success and ability to drive growth and innovation. Even as the organization has undertaken substantial change in recent years, our vision and Core Values remain the center of our steadfast compliant culture. We are always working to enhance our human resources programs by implementing and integrating enterprise-level processes for talent attraction, career development, and training. 
 Glatfelter supports its team by providing competitive wages, comprehensive benefits, diverse well-being programs, and other benefits to help enhance the lives of our employees. We provide various work arrangements for employees whose jobs are conducive to remote or hybrid structures. We regularly review our employee offerings to ensure we are positioned competitively to attract and retain top-tier talent. 
 Employee Training Training and professional growth are central to developing our workforce and driving long-term success for our organization. Global training encompasses a variety of programs, from apprenticeships and machine-specific skill development, grant-funded partnerships, Lean Six Sigma principles training, leadership development and compliance training. To ensure we continue to have the necessary resources with skills necessary to support the production of increasingly sophisticated engineered materials, we invest in the development of skills necessary to operate our machinery, including operational apprenticeship programs in many of our global locations. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion We are a global company that encourages and embraces different cultures and backgrounds. Our employees, including our management team, are diverse as our facilities hire locally for leadership positions, as well as salaried and production positions at all levels. We strive to create an inclusive culture and provide opportunities for people of all backgrounds to share their unique viewpoints and contribute to our success. The global nature of our business helps drive our inclusive corporate environment, as we regularly collaborate with colleagues who have different backgrounds, ethnicities, and world views. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 We are committed to ensuring our Company is a diverse and inclusive place to work, while also strengthening the communities in which we live. 
 Other Available Information The Corporate Governance page of our website includes our Governance Principles, Code of Business Conduct, and biographies of our Board of Directors and Executive Officers. In addition, the website includes charters of the Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees of the Board of Directors. The Corporate Governance page also includes the Code of Business Ethics for the CEO and Senior Financial Officers of Glatfelter, our whistle-blower policy and other related material. We satisfy the disclosure requirement for any future amendments to, or waivers from, our Code of Business Conduct or Code of Business Ethics for the CEO and Senior Financial Officers by posting such information on our website. We will provide a copy of these documents, without charge, to any person who requests one by contacting Investor Relations at (717) 225-2746, ir@glatfelter.com or by mail to 4350 Congress Street, Suite 600, Charlotte, NC 28209. 
 
 ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by a weak global economic environment or downturns in the target markets that we serve. 
 Adverse global economic conditions could impact our target markets resulting in decreased demand for our products. Our results could be adversely affected if economic conditions weaken. Also, there may be periods during which demand for our products is insufficient to enable us to operate our production facilities at full capacity and in an economical manner which may force us to take machine downtime to curtail production to match demand. 
 Approximately 41 of our net sales in 2022 was from shipments to customers in Europe, the demand for which is dependent on economic conditions in this area, or to the extent such customers do business outside of Europe, in other regions of the world. Uncertain economic conditions in this region may cause weakness in demand for our products, as well as volatility in our customers buying patterns. 
 The cost of raw materials and energy used to manufacture our products could increase or the availability of certain raw materials could become constrained. 
 We require access to sufficient, and reasonably priced, quantities of pulps, pulp substitutes, abaca fiber, polyester and various synthetic fibers, and certain other raw materials, as well as access to reliable and abundant supplies of water to support many of our production facilities. We require significant quantities of wood pulps and, therefore, the volatility of wood pulp prices can have a significant impact on our results of operations. 
 Our Philippine production site purchases raw abaca fiber to produce abaca pulp, a key material used to manufacture material for single-serve coffee, tea, and technical specialty products at Composite Fibers facilities. At certain times, the supply of abaca fiber has been constrained or the quality diminished due to factors such as weather-related damage to the source crop, as well as decisions by landowners to produce alternative crops in lieu of those used to produce abaca fiber. These factors have contributed to volatility in fiber prices or limited available supply. 
 Airlaid Materials requires access to sufficient quantities of fluff pulp, the supply of which is subject to availability of certain softwoods. 
 The cost of many of our production materials, including petroleum-based chemicals and freight charges, are influenced by the cost of oil. Natural gas is the principal source of fuel for each of our facilities worldwide and has historically been more volatile than other fuels. 
 Government rules, regulations and policies have an impact on the cost of certain energy sources, particularly for our European operations. In Europe, we currently benefit from a number of government-sponsored programs related to, among others, green energy or renewable energy initiatives designed to mitigate the cost of electricity to larger industrial consumers of power. Any reduction in the extent of government sponsored incentives may adversely affect the cost ultimately borne by our operations. 
 Although we have contractual arrangements with certain Airlaid Materials and Spunlace customers pursuant to which our product s selling price is adjusted for changes in the cost of certain raw materials, we may not be able to fully pass increased raw materials or energy costs on to all customers if the market will not bear the higher price or if existing agreements limit price increases. If price adjustments significantly trail increases in raw materials, our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 7 

Table of Contents 

 We may not realize the growth opportunities and operational synergies that are anticipated from the Jacob Holm acquisition. 
 The benefits that we expect to result from the Jacob Holm acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to realize anticipated growth opportunities and anticipated operational synergies. Our success in realizing these growth opportunities and operational synergies, and the timing of this realization, will depend in part on the successful integration of the Jacob Holm business, the price and availability of certain raw materials and energy at reasonable prices, customers willingness to pay for these increases, and the overall competitive landscape. 
 There is a significant degree of difficulty and management distraction inherent in the process of integrating acquisitions as sizable as the Jacob Holm acquisition. The process of integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, our Jacob Holm business. Members of our senior management may be required to devote considerable amounts of time to this integration process, which will decrease the time they will have to manage our company, service existing customers, attract new customers, and develop new products or strategies. If senior management is not able to effectively manage the integration process, or if any significant business activities are interrupted as a result of the integration process, our business could suffer. 
 We cannot assure you that we will successfully or cost-effectively integrate Jacob Holm s business. The failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Even if we are able to integrate Jacob Holm s business successfully, this integration may not result in the realization of the growth opportunities and operational synergies that we expected from this integration, and we cannot guarantee that these benefits will be achieved within the anticipated timeframes or at all. 
 We have substantial indebtedness and may incur substantial additional indebtedness, which could adversely affect our financial health and our ability to obtain financing in the future, react to changes in our business and make payments on the notes. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 312.3 million of secured debt and 532.0 million of unsecured debt. We are able to, and may, incur additional indebtedness in the future, subject to the limitations contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness. Our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences to holders of our indebtedness, including: 
 making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our long-term debt; 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements, and our ability to satisfy our obligations with respect to the notes in the future; 
 requiring a substantial portion of our cash flows to be dedicated to debt service payments instead of other purposes, thereby reducing the amount of cash flows available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes; 
 increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest; 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in the industry in which we compete; 
 placing us at a disadvantage compared to other, less leveraged competitors or competitors with comparable debt and more favorable terms and thereby affecting our ability to compete; and 
 increasing our cost of borrowing. 
 
 Although our borrowing arrangements contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. These restrictions also will not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness. If new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we face would increase, and we may not be able to meet all our debt obligations, including the repayment of the notes. 
 The conflict between Russia and Ukraine has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Approximately 40 and 95 million of our net sales in 2022 and 2021, respectively, or 2.7 and 7.3 of our net sales in 2022 and 2021, respectively, were earned from customers located in Russia and Ukraine. The geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russia/Ukraine military conflict, including government-imposed sanctions and the current macroeconomic climate in Russia and Ukraine, have adversely impacted both demand for our products and our ability to 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 deliver products to this region, as well as, limited customers' access to financial resources and their ability to satisfy obligations to us. For example, as a direct result of the military conflict, economic sanctions, and the disruptions in the region s financial systems, we have had a significant reduction in wallcover revenues and cash flows. We expect this reduction to continue for the foreseeable future and most directly impact our facility located in Dresden, Germany that produces wallcover paper, a significant portion of which historically was sold into the Ukraine and Russian markets. Certain wallcover base paper, together with certain filtration products produced by our Composite Fibers segment, are subject to sanction restrictions and currently are unable to be sold into the Russian market. As a result, during the first quarter of 2022, we recorded a 117.3 million non-cash asset impairment charge related to assets of our Dresden facility and an impairment of our Composite Fibers business' goodwill. Moreover, certain customers have not been able to satisfy outstanding accounts receivables and, as such, during 2022, we recognized bad debt expense of approximately 2.9 million directly related to Russian and Ukrainian customers. At December 31, 2022, we had accounts receivable, net of reserves, from customers in this region totaling approximately 0.3 million which we expect to collect in normal course. 
 In addition, we operate manufacturing sites elsewhere in Europe that have been adversely impacted as a result of the military conflict in Ukraine and related geopolitical events and sanctions. In many instances, these sites depend on the availability of natural gas for use in the production of products. The supply of a substantial portion of the natural gas used may originate from Russia. We expect that shortages or variability in supply along with increases and variability in costs of natural gas will adversely impact our ability to operate these sites in an efficient and cost-effective manner, for the foreseeable future. 
 The risk of cyber-security incidents and cyber attacks has increased in connection with the ongoing conflict, driven by justifications such as retaliation for the sanctions imposed in conjunction with the conflict. It is possible that such incidents or attacks could have collateral effects on additional critical infrastructure and financial institutions globally, which could adversely affect our operations and could increase the frequency and severity of cyber-based attacks against our information technology systems. The proliferation of malware from the conflict, into systems unrelated to the conflict, or cyberattacks against U.S. companies in retaliation for U.S. sanctions against Russia or U.S. support of Ukraine, could also adversely affect our operations and our supply chain. 
 In the event that current geopolitical tensions fail to abate, or deteriorate further, or additional governmental sanctions are enacted against the Russian economy or its banking and monetary systems, we may face additional adverse consequences to our business and results of operations. Even if the conflict moderates or a resolution between Ukraine and Russia is reached, we expect that we will continue to experience ongoing adverse consequences to our business, financial condition, and results of operation resulting from the conflict for the foreseeable future, including and because certain of the economic and other sanctions imposed, or that may be imposed, against Russia may continue for a period of time after any resolution has been reached. 
 Disruption of our global supply chain could adversely affect our business. 
 Our ability to manufacture, sell and distribute products is critical to our operations. Our products contain raw materials that we source globally from suppliers. If there is a shortage of a key material in our supply chain, and a replacement cannot be readily sourced from an alternative supplier, the shortage may disrupt our production. Likewise, disruptions in the transportation and delivery of products - both from suppliers to our production facilities, and from our production facilities to our customers - may impact our ability to sell product and deliver goods to our customers on time. In addition, the costs of transporting materials and products through our chain of sourcing and production may increase, and such increases could be significant. The failure of third parties on which we rely, including those third parties who supply our raw materials, packaging, capital equipment and other necessary operating materials, contract manufacturers, commercial transport, distributors, contractors, and external business partners, to meet their obligations to us, or significant disruptions in their ability to do so, may negatively impact our operations. Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such disruptions, or to effectively manage such disruptions if they occur, could adversely affect our business and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to restore our global supply chain. Any of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 A significant proportion of our net sale and earnings is generated from operations outside of the United States. In addition, we own and operate manufacturing facilities in Canada, Germany, France, Spain, the United Kingdom, and the Philippines. A significant portion of our business is transacted in currencies other than the U.S. dollar including the euro, British pound, Canadian dollar, and Philippine peso, among others. Our euro denominated net sales exceeds euro expenses by an estimated 190 million. With respect to the British pound, Canadian dollar, and Philippine peso, we have greater outflows than inflows of these currencies, although to a lesser degree than the euro. As a result, we are exposed to changes in currency exchange rates and such changes could be significant. 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 9 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to maintain our products' price competitiveness is reliant, in part, on the relative strength of the currency in which the product is denominated compared to the currency of the market into which it is sold and the functional currency of our competitors. Changes in the rate of exchange of foreign currencies in relation to the U.S. dollar, and other currencies, may adversely impact our results of operations and our ability to offer products in certain markets at acceptable prices. 
 In the event of significant currency weakening in the countries into which our products are sold, demand for our products, pricing of our products, or a customer s ability to satisfy obligations to us, could be adversely impacted. 
 Our industry is highly competitive and increased competition could reduce our sales and profitability. 
 The global markets in which we compete are served by a variety of competitors and a variety of substrates. As a result, our ability to compete is sensitive to, and may be adversely impacted by: 
 the entry of new competitors into the markets we serve; 
 the aggressiveness of our competitors pricing strategies, which could force us to decrease prices in order to maintain market share; 
 our failure to anticipate and respond to changing customer preferences; and 
 technological advances or changes that impact production or cost competitiveness of our products. 
 The impact of any significant changes may result in our inability to effectively compete in the markets in which we operate, and as a result our sales and operating results would be adversely affected. 
 We may not be able to develop new products acceptable to our existing or potential customers. 
 Our business strategy is market focused and includes investments in developing new products to meet the changing needs of our customers, serve new customers and to maintain our market share. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to develop and introduce new and enhanced products that keep pace with introductions by our competitors and changing customer preferences. If we fail to anticipate or respond adequately to these factors, we may lose opportunities for business with both current and potential customers. The success of our new product offerings will depend on several factors, including our ability to: 
 anticipate and properly identify our customers' needs and industry trends; 
 develop and commercialize new products and applications in a timely manner; 
 price our products competitively; 
 differentiate our products from our competitors' products; and 
 invest efficiently in research and development activities. 
 Our inability to develop new products or new business opportunities could adversely impact our business and ultimately harm our profitability. 
 We are subject to substantial costs and potential liability for environmental matters. 
 We are subject to various environmental laws and regulations that govern our operations, including discharges into the environment, and the handling and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes. We are also subject to laws and regulations that impose liability and clean-up responsibility for releases of hazardous substances. To comply with environmental laws and regulations, we have incurred, and will continue to incur, substantial expenditures. 
 We may incur obligations to remove or mitigate any adverse effects on the environment, such as air and water quality, resulting from mills we operate or have operated. Potential obligations include costs for government oversight of the remediation activities, the restoration of natural resources, and/or personal injury and property damages. 
 We generate a substantial portion of Airlaid Materials' and Spunlace's net sales from a few large customers, the loss of any one could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 The top three customers in each segment, in the aggregate, accounted for approximately 53 of Airlaid Materials and approximately 39 of Spunlace s net sales in 2022. Furthermore, Airlaid Materials and Spunlace derive approximately 40 and 6 , respectively, of their annual net sales from sales to the feminine hygiene market. The loss of any one of these large customers or a decline in sales of hygiene products could have a material adverse effect on these segments operating results. Our ability to effectively compete could be affected by technological production alternatives which could provide substitute products into this market segment. Customers in the airlaid and spunlace nonwoven fabric material market, including the hygiene market, may also switch to less expensive products, change preferences or otherwise reduce 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 demand for our products, thus reducing the size of the markets in which the segments currently sell their products. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and business prospects. 
 Our operations may be impaired, and we may be exposed to potential losses and liability as a result of natural disasters, acts of terrorism or sabotage or similar events. 
 If we have a catastrophic loss or unforeseen operational disruption at any of our facilities, we could suffer significant lost production which could impair our ability to satisfy customer demands. 
 Natural disasters, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, typhoons, flooding or fire, and acts of terrorism or sabotage affecting our operating activities and major facilities could materially and adversely affect our operations, operating results and financial condition. 
 In addition, many of our operations require a reliable and abundant supply of water. Such sites rely on local bodies of water or water sources for their production needs and, therefore, are particularly sensitive to drought conditions or other natural or man-made interruptions to water supplies. Any interruption or curtailment of operations at any of our production facilities due to drought or low flow conditions at the principal water source or another cause could materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 Our pulp facility in Lanao del Norte on the Island of Mindanao in the Republic of the Philippines is located along the Pacific Rim, one of the world s hazard belts. By virtue of its geographic location, this site is subject to similar types of natural disasters discussed above, cyclones, typhoons, and volcanic activity. Moreover, the area of Lanao del Norte has been a target of suspected terrorist activities. Our pulp mill in Mindanao is located in a rural portion of the island and is susceptible to attacks and/or power interruptions. The Mindanao site supplies the abaca pulp used by Composite Fibers to manufacture paper for single serve coffee and tea products and certain technical specialties products. Any interruption, loss, or extended curtailment of operations at our Mindanao site could affect our ability to meet customer demands for our products and materially affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 We have operations in a potentially politically and economically unstable location. 
 Our pulp facility in the Philippines is located in a region that is unstable and subject to political unrest. As discussed above, our Philippine pulp facility produces abaca pulp, a significant raw material used by Composite Fibers and is currently our main source of abaca pulp. There are limited suitable alternative sources of readily available abaca pulp in the world. In the event of a disruption in supply from our Philippine site, there is no guarantee that we could obtain adequate amounts of abaca pulp, if at all, from alternative sources at a reasonable price. Further, there is no assurance the performance of such alternative materials will satisfy customer performance requirements. As a consequence, any civil disturbance, unrest, political instability, or other event that causes a disruption in supply could limit the availability of abaca pulp and would increase our cost of obtaining abaca pulp. Such occurrences could adversely impact our sales volumes, net sales, and operating results. 
 Our international operations pose certain risks that may adversely impact sales and earnings. 
 We have significant operations and assets located in Canada, Germany, France, Spain, the United Kingdom, and the Philippines. Our international sales and operations are subject to a number of unique risks, in addition to the risks in our domestic sales and operations, including, but not limited to, economic and trade disruptions resulting from geopolitical developments, differing protections of intellectual property, trade barriers, labor unrest, exchange controls, regional economic uncertainty, differing (and possibly more stringent) labor regulation, risk of governmental expropriation, domestic and foreign customs and tariffs, differing regulatory environments, difficulty in managing widespread operations and political instability. These factors may adversely affect our future profits. Also, in some foreign jurisdictions, we may be subject to laws limiting the right and ability of entities organized or operating therein to pay dividends or remit earnings to affiliated companies unless specified conditions are met. Any such limitations would restrict our flexibility in using funds generated in those jurisdictions. 
 We are subject to cyber-security risks related to unauthorized or malicious access to sensitive customer, vendor, company, or employee information, as well as to the technology that supports our operations and other business processes. 
 Our business operations rely upon secure systems for site operations, and data capture, processing, storage, and reporting. Although we maintain appropriate data security and controls, our information technology systems, and those of our third-party providers, could become subject to cyberattacks. Systems such as ours are inherently exposed to cyber-security risks and potential attacks. The result of such attacks could result in a breach of data security and controls. Such a breach of our network, systems, applications or data could result in operational disruptions or damage or information 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 11 

Table of Contents 

 misappropriation including, but not limited to, interruption to systems availability, denial of access to and misuse of applications required by our customers to conduct business with us, denial of access to the applications we use to plan our operations, procure materials, manufacture and ship products and account for orders, theft of intellectual know-how and trade secrets, and inappropriate disclosure of confidential company, employee, customer or vendor information, could stem from such incidents. 
 Any of these operational disruptions and/or misappropriation of information could adversely affect our results of operations, create negative publicity, and could have a material effect on our business. 
 We operate in and are subject to taxation from numerous U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. 
 The multinational nature of our business subjects us to taxation in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Due to economic and political conditions, tax rates in various jurisdictions are subject to significant change. Our effective tax rates could be affected by changes in tax laws or their interpretation, changes in the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with differing statutory tax rates, and changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Also, many jurisdictions continue to adopt tax policies in response to the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development s OECD anti-Base Erosion and Profit Shifting BEPS project. For example, in July of 2021, 130 countries agreed in principle to a framework of international taxation proposed by the OECD that would change the rules of how profit is allocated among countries and impose a global minimum tax rate. These and other developments could significantly negatively impact the Company s overall tax expense, results of operations, and future cash flows. 
 In the event any of the above risk factors impact our business in a material way or in combination during the same period, we may be unable to generate enough cash flow to simultaneously fund our operations, finance capital expenditures, satisfy obligations, and make dividend payments on our common stock. 
 In addition to debt service obligations, our business requires expenditures to support growth strategies, research and development initiatives, and for normal upgrades or replacements. We expect to meet all our near and long-term cash needs from a combination of operating cash flow, cash and cash equivalents, availability under our credit facility or other long-term debt. If we are unable to generate enough cash flow from these sources, we could be unable to fund our operations, finance capital expenditures, satisfy our near and long-term cash needs or make dividend payments. 

ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 
 We own substantially all the land and buildings comprising our manufacturing facilities located in Arkansas; Canada; the United Kingdom; Germany; France; Spain and the Philippines; as well as substantially all of the equipment used in our manufacturing and related operations. Certain of our operations are under lease arrangements, including our metallized paper production facility located in Caerphilly, Wales, land at our Mount Holly site, office and various warehouse space in the United States, Canada, Europe, Russia, China and our corporate offices in Charlotte, NC. All our properties, other than those that are leased, are free from any material liens or encumbrances. We consider all our buildings to be in good structural condition and well maintained and our properties to be suitable and adequate for present operations. 
 
 ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are involved in various lawsuits that we consider to be ordinary and incidental to our business. The ultimate outcome of these lawsuits cannot be predicted with certainty; however, we do not expect such lawsuits, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, liquidity, or results of operations. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our executive officers and other senior management members of February 27, 2023. 
 Name Age Office with the Company Thomas M. Fahnemann 61 President Chief Executive Officer Christopher W. Astley 50 Senior Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer Eileen L. Beck 60 Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources Administration Wolfgang Laures 53 Senior Vice President, Integrated Global Supply Chain Information Technology Ramesh Shettigar 47 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer David C. Elder 54 Vice President, Finance Chief Accounting Officer Jill L. Urey 56 Vice President, Chief Legal Compliance Officer Corporate Secretary 
 Thomas M. Fahnemann became President and Chief Executive Officer effective August 25, 2022. Since October 2017, he has served as Non-Executive Director, Member of the Board and Chairman of the Audit Committee for AustroCel Hallein, GmbH, in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. From 2010 to 2017, Mr. Fahnemann served as CEO and Chairman of the Management Board of Semperit Holding AG in Vienna, Austria. 
 Christopher W. Astley was named Senior Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer in September 2019. Previously he was Senior Vice President Business Unit President, Airlaid Materials a position he held since January 2015. He joined us in August 2010 as Vice President, Corporate Strategy and was promoted to Senior Vice President in February 2014. Prior to joining us, he was an entrepreneur leading a privately held business from 2004 until 2010. Prior to that, Mr. Astley held positions with Accenture, a global management consulting firm, and The Coca-Cola Company. 
 Eileen L. Beck was promoted to Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources Administration in February 2023. She joined us in 2012 as Director, Global Compensation and Benefits, was promoted to Vice President in September 2015, and promoted to Vice President Human Resources Administration in April 2017. Ms. Beck previously held various Human Resources roles at Armstrong World Industries. 
 Wolfgang Laures is our Senior Vice President, Integrated Global Supply Chain and Information Technology. He joined us in September 2019 with responsibility for our global supply chain and in July 2020 assumed additional leadership of Information Technology for Glatfelter. Prior to joining us, Mr. Laures served as Executive Vice President, Global Supply Chain and Digital Transformation from 2014 to 2019 for Perstorp Group, a private equity-owned specialty chemicals innovator. Prior to joining Perstorp, he held supply chain and operations-related roles at Avery Dennison, McKinsey Company and Procter Gamble. 
 Ramesh Shettigar was promoted to Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer in May 2022. He joined us in July 2014 as Vice President and Treasurer and was promoted to Vice President, ESG, Investor Relations and Corporate Treasurer in September 2021. Prior to joining Glatfelter, Mr. Shettigar was Director of Treasury at Quest Diagnostics with responsibility for a broad range of corporate finance activities including cash management, global liquidity, FX, debt/equity financing and capital planning. Mr. Shettigar has also held treasury and related positions with Praxair Inc, Delphi Corporation an McDermott International. 
 David C. Elder was named Vice President, Finance in December 2011 and serves as our Chief Accounting Officer. Prior to his promotion, he was our Vice President, Corporate Controller, a position held since joining Glatfelter in January 2006. Mr. Elder was previously Corporate Controller for YORK International Corporation. 
 Jill L. Urey , Vice President, Chief Legal Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary, was promoted to this position in July 2019 and has led our legal function since December 2018. She joined Glatfelter in January 2013 as Assistant General Counsel and assumed the additional role of Chief Compliance Officer in the beginning of 2016. Prior to joining us, Ms. Urey was Corporate Counsel and later Interim General Counsel for Graham Packaging Company from 2007 to 2012. 
 
 ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 13 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol GLT 
 Our Board of Directors declared quarterly cash dividends of 0.14 per common share for the first two quarters of 2022. In the third quarter of 2022, the Board of Directors suspended the quarterly cash dividend as part of our focused efforts to optimize the operational and financial results of the business. For 2021, our Board of Directors declared quarterly cash dividends of 0.135 per common share in the first quarter of 2021 and 0.14 per common share beginning with the second quarter and the following quarters of 2021. 
 As of February 20, 2023, we had 855 shareholders of record. 

STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 The following stock performance graph compares the cumulative 5-year total return of our common stock with the cumulative total returns of both a broad market index and a peer group. We compare our stock performance to the S P Small Cap 600 index and to the S P Small Cap 600 Materials index. 
 We previously charted our stock compared to the S P Small Cap 600 Paper Products index; however in 2022, we changed the comparison to the S P Small Cap 600 Materials index which we believe we more closely align with given the diverse product portfolio of engineered materials products we produce. The following graph assumes 100 was invested in our common stock and in each index (including reinvestment of dividends) on December 31, 2017 and charts the performance through December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 6 [RESERVED] 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report. Our discussion and analysis of 2022 compared to 2021 is included herein. For discussion and analysis of 2021 compared to 2020, please refer to Item 7 of Part II, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding industry prospects and future consolidated financial position or results of operations, made in this Report on Form 10-K are forward looking. We use words such as anticipates , believes , expects , future , intends and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect management s current expectations and are inherently uncertain. Our actual results may differ significantly from such expectations. The following discussion includes forward-looking statements regarding expectations of, among others, environmental costs, capital expenditures and liquidity, all of which are inherently difficult to predict. Although we make such statements based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from our expectations. Accordingly, we identify the following important factors, among others, which could cause our results to differ from any results that might be projected, forecasted or estimated in any such forward-looking statements: 
 i. risks related to the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine and its impact on our production, sales, supply chain, cost of energy, and availability of energy due to natural gas supply issues into Europe from the Nord Stream 1 pipeline; 
 ii. risks associated with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including global and regional economic conditions, changes in demand for our products, interruptions in our global supply chain, ability to continue production by our facilities, credit conditions of our customers or suppliers, or potential legal actions that could arise due to our operations during the pandemic; 
 iii. disruptions of our global supply chain, including the availability of key raw materials and transportation for the delivery of critical inputs and of products to customers, and the increase in the costs of transporting materials and products; 
 iv. risks associated with our ability to increase selling prices quickly or sufficiently enough to recover rapid cost inflation in our raw materials, energy, freight and other costs, and the potential reduction or loss of sales due to price increases; 
 v. variations in demand for our products, including the impact of unplanned market-related downtime, variations in product pricing, or product substitution; 
 vi. the impact of competition, changes in industry production capacity, including the construction of new facilities or new machines, the closing of facilities and incremental changes due to capital expenditures or productivity increases; 
 vii. risks associated with our international operations, including local economic and political environments and fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
 viii. our ability to develop new, high value-added products; 
 ix. changes in the price or availability of raw materials we use, particularly woodpulp, pulp substitutes, synthetic pulp, other specialty fibers and abaca fiber; 
 x. changes in energy-related prices and commodity raw materials with an energy component; 
 xi. the impact of unplanned production interruption at our facilities or at any of our key suppliers; 
 xii. disruptions in production and/or increased costs due to labor disputes; 
 xiii. the gain or loss of significant customers and/or on-going viability of such customers; 
 xiv. the impact of war and terrorism; 
 xv. the impact of unfavorable outcomes of audits by various state, federal or international tax authorities or changes in pre-tax income and its impact on the valuation of deferred taxes; 
 xvi. enactment of adverse state, federal or foreign tax or other legislation or changes in government legislation, policy or regulation; and 
 xvii. our ability to finance, consummate and integrate acquisitions, including our acquisitions of Mount Holly and Jacob Holm . 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 15 

Table of Contents 

 Introduction We manufacture a wide array of engineered materials and manage our company along three operating segments: 
 Airlaid Materials with sales of airlaid nonwoven fabric-like materials used in feminine hygiene products, adult incontinence products, tabletop, specialty wipes, home care products and other airlaid applications; 
 Composite Fibers with sales of single-serve tea and coffee filtration papers, wallcovering base materials, composite laminate papers, technical specialties including substrates for electrical applications, and metallized products; and 
 Spunlace with sales of premium quality spunlace nonwovens for critical cleaning, high-performance materials, personal care, hygiene and medical applications. 
 COVID-19 Pandemic On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak a pandemic as the virus spread throughout the world. The COVID-19 pandemic and the actions undertaken throughout the world, in an attempt to contain the virus, have had an unprecedented and significant impact on global economies in terms of reduced GDP, inflation, volatile energy prices, disruptions in global supply chains, increased unemployment, and insolvencies in a variety of industries and markets. As a result, we have experienced and may continue to experience weaker or volatile demand for certain of our products due to the effects of the pandemic. Shortly after the pandemic began and through the first several months of 2021, our financial performance and results of operations were adversely impacted by the pandemic, particularly by weaker demand for tabletop products used by restaurants, catering and similar venues, all of which were impacted by lockdowns throughout many regions of the world. However, demand has improved as restaurants around the world have reopened. The majority of our other product portfolios are considered to be essential or life-sustaining and we continued to produce products used in the global response effort to the pandemic. We believe demand for certain of our products, such as Composite Fibers food and beverage filtration products and Airlaid Materials personal hygiene and wipes, will remain stable. The following discussion and analysis primarily focus on the financial results of operations and financial condition of our continuing operations. 
 Acquisition As discussed in Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 3 Acquisitions, we completed our acquisitions of Georgia-Pacific's U.S. nonwovens business Mount Holly on May 13, 2021 for 170.9 million and the acquisition of all outstanding equity of PMM Holdings (Luxembourg) AG ("Jacob Holm") on October 29, 2021 for 304.0 million. Refer to Note 3 - "Acquisitions" for additional information about these transactions. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 2022 versus 2021 
 Overview For the year ended December 31, 2022, we reported a loss from continuing operations of 194.1 million, or loss of 4.33 per share compared with income of 6.7 million and 0.15 per share in 2021. The following table sets forth summarized GAAP-based consolidated results of operations: 
 Year ended December 31, In thousands, except per share 2022 2021 Net sales 1,491,326 1,084,694 Gross profit 148,802 144,795 Operating income (loss) (163,951) 28,614 Continuing operations: Income (194,117) 6,721 Earnings per share (4.33) 0.15 Discontinued operations: Income (expense) (91) 216 Earnings per share Net income (loss) (194,208) 6,937 Earnings per share (4.33) 0.15 
 We used 40.8 million of cash for operating activities in 2022 compared with a cash inflow of 71.0 million a year ago. During 2022 and 2021, capital expenditures totaled 37.7 and 30.0 million, respectively. Refer to Liquidity and Capital Resources for additional discussion of our sources and uses of cash. 
 The reported results are in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP and reflect a number of significant actions we undertook, including strategic initiatives, corporate headquarters relocation, cost optimization and the restructuring and consolidation of our metallized business, among others. Excluding these items from reported results, adjusted loss, a non-GAAP measure, was 19.0 million, or 0.42 loss per share for 2022, 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 compared with adjusted earnings of 27.6 million, or 0.61 per diluted share, a year ago. The weaker financial performance largely reflects the adverse impact of significantly higher raw material and energy prices which were only partially offset by higher selling prices. Operating income for our Airlaid Materials segment was 12.6 million higher in 2022 compared with 2021 and Composite Fibers was 20.5 million lower. Spunlace, our new segment created in connection with the Jacob Holm acquisition, lost 9.3 million for the year compared to a loss of 1.3 for the two months included in 2021 post acquisition. In addition to the results reported in accordance with GAAP, we evaluate our performance using adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings before interest expense, interest income, income taxes, depreciation and amortization and stock-based compensation Adjusted EBITDA ). We disclose this information to allow investors to evaluate our performance exclusive of certain items that impact the comparability of results from period to period and we believe it is helpful in understanding underlying operating trends and cash flow generation. 
 Adjusted earnings consists of net income determined in accordance with GAAP adjusted to exclude the impact of the following: 
 Goodwill and Other Asset Impairment Charges. This adjustment represents non-cash charges recorded to reduce the carrying amount of certain long-lived assets of our OberSchmitten, Germany facility and goodwill of our Composite Fibers reporting segment. 
 Turnaround strategy costs. This adjustment reflects costs incurred in connection with the Company's turnaround strategy initiated in 2022 under its new chief executive officer to drive operational and financial improvement. These costs are primarily related to professional services fees and employee separation costs. 
 Russia/Ukraine conflict charges . This adjustment represents a non-cash charge recorded to reduce the carrying amount of accounts receivable and inventory directly related to the Russia/Ukraine military conflict. 
 Strategic initiatives. These adjustments primarily reflect professional and legal fees incurred directly related to evaluating and executing certain strategic initiatives including costs associated with acquisitions, related integrations, and charges incurred to step-up acquired inventory to fair-value. 
 CEO transition costs. This adjustment reflects the net costs associated with the transition from our former CEO to our current CEO, including cash severance costs, forfeitures of stock-based compensation awards, and certain professional and legal fees incurred directly related to the transition. 
 Corporate headquarters relocation. These adjustments reflect costs incurred in connection with the strategic relocation of the Company s corporate headquarters to Charlotte, NC. The costs are primarily related to employee relocation costs and exit costs at the former corporate headquarters. 
 Cost optimization actions. These adjustments reflect charges incurred in connection with initiatives to optimize the cost structure of the Company, improve efficiencies or other objectives. Such actions may include asset rationalization, headcount reductions or similar actions. These adjustments, which have occurred at various times in the past, are irregular in timing and relate to specific identified programs to reduce or optimize the cost structure of a particular operating segment or the corporate function. 
 COVID-19 ERC recovery. This adjustment reflects the benefit recognized from employee retention credits claimed under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act and the Taxpayer Certainty and Disaster Tax Relief Act of 2020 and professional services fees directly associated with claiming this benefit. 
 Timberland sales and related costs. These adjustments exclude gains from the sales of timberlands as these items are not considered to be part of our core business, ongoing results of operations or cash flows. These adjustments are irregular in timing and amount and may benefit our operating results. 
 Discontinued Operations . In connection with the sale of the Specialty Papers business, its results of operations, including the loss recorded in 2018 connection with the sale, are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented. This adjustment reflects the net results of this discontinued operation. 
 Other tax adjustments . For 2022, reflects the tax effect of applying certain provisions of the CARES Act of 2020. For 2021, reflects the tax impact related to the reversal of permanent reinvestment assertion for certain foreign jurisdictions and a foreign tax benefit related to the establishment of a center of excellence. 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 17 

Table of Contents 

 These adjustments are each unique and not considered to be on-going in nature. The transactions are irregular in timing and amount and may significantly impact our operating performance. As such, these items may not be indicative of our past or future performance and therefore are excluded for comparability purposes. 
 Adjusted earnings and adjusted EBITDA are considered measures not calculated in accordance with GAAP, and therefore are non-GAAP measures. The non-GAAP financial information should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. The following table sets forth the reconciliation of net income to adjusted earnings for the periods presented: 
 Adjusted Earnings Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 In thousands, except per share Amount EPS Amount EPS Net income (loss) (194,208) (4.33) 6,937 0.15 Exclude: Loss (Income) from discontinued operations, net of tax 91 (216) Income from continuing operations (194,117) (4.33) 6,721 0.15 Adjustments (pre-tax): 
 Goodwill and other asset impairment charges (1) 
 190,556 Turnaround strategy costs (2) 
 8,038 Russia/Ukraine conflict charges (3) 
 3,207 Strategic initiatives (4) 
 5,625 30,928 CEO transition costs (5) 
 1,728 Corporate headquarters relocation 351 585 Cost optimization actions (6) 
 941 885 COVID-19 ERC recovery (7) 
 (7,344) Timberland sales and related costs (2,962) (5,239) Total adjustments (pre-tax) 
 200,140 27,159 Income taxes (8) 
 (25,486) 415 Other tax adjustments (9) 
 428 (6,696) Total after-tax adjustments 175,082 3.91 20,878 0.46 Adjusted earnings from continuing operations (19,035) (0.42) 27,599 0.61 
 
 (1) Reflects goodwill impairment charge of 119.0 million and other asset impairment charges of 71.6 million. 
 (2) Reflects professional services fees (primarily consulting) of 4.7 million and employee separation costs of 3.3 million. 
 (3) Reflects accounts receivable reserves of 2.9 million and inventory reserves of 0.3 million. 
 (4) For 2022, reflects primarily professional services fees related to acquisitions (including transaction advisory, legal and other consultant costs) of 4.3 million, employee separation and other costs of 1.1 million, and other costs directly related to the acquisitions of 0.2 million. For 2021, reflects professional services fees related to acquisitions (including transaction advisory, legal, audit and valuation specialists) of 22.4 million, employee separation and other costs of 0.8 million, inventory valuation step-up costs of 6.1 million and other costs of 1.6 million, all of which are directly related to acquisitions. 
 (5) Primarily reflects cash severance and transition related costs of 4.8 million partially offset by a 3.1 million non-cash benefit related to the forfeiture of stock-based compensation awards. We expect to recognize an additional non-cash charge in Q1 2023 related to settlement accounting when we settle a portion of the former CEO's non-qualified pension obligation under the terms of the pension plan. 
 (6) Primarily reflects employee separation costs of 0.4 million, equipment write-down of 0.4 million and other costs of 0.1 million directly associated with closure of synthetic fiber production facility in the U.K. 
 (7) Reflects the benefit recognized from employee retention credits claimed under the CARES Act of 2020 and the subsequent related amendments, partially offset by professional services fees directly related to claiming this benefit. 
 (8) Tax effect on adjustments calculated based on the incremental effective tax rate of the jurisdiction in which each adjustment originated. For items originating in the U.S., no tax effect is recognized due to the previously established valuation allowance on the net deferred tax assets. 
 (9) For 2022, reflects the tax effect of applying certain provisions of the CARES Act of 2020. For 2021, reflects the tax impact related to the reversal of permanent reinvestment assertion for certain foreign jurisdictions and a foreign tax benefit related to the establishment of a center of excellence. 

18 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA Year ended December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 Net Income (loss) (194,208) 6,937 Exclude: Loss (income) from discontinued operations, net of tax 91 (216) Add back: Taxes on continuing operations (10,275) 6,956 Depreciation and amortization 66,724 61,421 Interest expense, net 32,799 12,280 EBITDA (104,869) 87,378 Adjustments: Goodwill and other asset impairment charges 190,556 Turnaround strategy costs 8,038 Russia/Ukraine conflict charges 3,207 Strategic initiatives 5,625 30,928 CEO transition costs, excluding forfeiture of share-based compensation 4,831 Share-based compensation 831 5,063 Corporate headquarters relocation 351 585 Cost optimization actions, excluding accelerated depreciation 589 885 COVID-19 ERC recovery (7,344) Timberland sales and related costs (2,962) (5,239) Adjusted EBITDA 98,853 119,600 
 EBITDA is a measure used by management to assess our operating performance and is calculated using 
 income (loss) from continuing operations and excludes interest expense, interest income, income taxes and 
 depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated using EBITDA and further excludes certain items management considers to be unrelated to the company s core operations. The adjustments include, among others, the costs of strategic initiatives, turnaround strategy costs, CEO transition costs, certain cost optimization and restructuring activities, certain COVID-19 ERC recovery, corporate headquarters relocation expenses, asset impairment charge, and share-based compensation expense, as well as the elimination of gains from sales of timberlands. Adjusted EBITDA is a performance measure that excludes costs that we do not consider to be indicative of our ongoing operating performance. 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 19 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Financial Performance 
 Year ended December 31, In thousands, except tons 2022 2021 Net Sales by Segment Airlaid Material 601,514 470,250 Composite Fibers 523,863 556,807 Spunlace 365,949 57,637 Total 1,491,326 1,084,694 Operating income (loss) by Segment Airlaid Material 54,809 42,244 Composite Fibers 16,923 37,422 Spunlace (9,289) (1,338) Other and unallocated (226,394) (49,714) Total (163,951) 28,614 Depreciation and amortization Airlaid Material 30,114 28,101 Composite Fibers 19,632 27,690 Spunlace 11,850 1,693 Other and unallocated 5,128 3,937 Total 66,724 61,421 Capital expenditures Airlaid Material 9,691 8,431 Composite Fibers 15,730 11,912 Spunlace 6,689 3,810 Other and unallocated 5,630 5,884 Total 37,740 30,037 Tons shipped (metric) Airlaid Material 164,844 148,134 Composite Fibers 103,092 132,196 Spunlace 72,725 12,514 Total 340,661 292,844 Plant, equipment and timberlands, net Airlaid Material 347,142 371,324 Composite Fibers 145,959 202,445 Spunlace 159,648 161,478 Other and unallocated 23,062 23,565 Total 675,811 758,812 
 
 Segments Results of individual operating segments are presented based on our management accounting practices and management structure. There is no comprehensive, authoritative body of guidance for management accounting equivalent to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; therefore, the financial results of individual segments are not necessarily comparable with similar information for any other company. The management accounting process uses assumptions and allocations to measure performance of the segments. Methodologies are refined from time to time as management accounting practices are enhanced and businesses change. The costs incurred by support areas not directly aligned with the operating segment are allocated primarily based on an estimated utilization of support area services or are included in Other and Unallocated in the table above. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Management evaluates results of operations of the segments before certain corporate level costs and the effects of certain gains or losses not considered to be related to the core business operations. Management believes that this is a more meaningful representation of the operating performance of its core businesses, the profitability of operating segments, and the extent of cash flow generated from these core operations. Such amounts are presented under the caption Other and Unallocated. In the evaluation of operating segment results, management does not use any measures of total assets. This presentation is aligned with the management and operating structure of our company. It is also on this basis that the Company s performance is evaluated internally and by the Company s Board of Directors. 
 Sales and Costs of Products Sold 
 Year ended December 31 
 In thousands 2022 2021 Change Net sales 1,491,326 1,084,694 406,632 Costs of products sold 1,342,524 939,899 402,625 Gross profit 148,802 144,795 4,007 Gross profit as a percent of Net sales 10.0 13.3 
 The following table sets forth the contribution to consolidated net sales by each segment: 
 Year ended December 31 
 Percent of Total 2022 2021 Segment Airlaid Materials 40.3 43.4 Composite Fibers 35.1 51.3 Spunlace 24.6 5.3 Total 100.0 100.0 
 
 Net sales on a consolidated basis totaled 1,491.3 million and 1,084.7 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 406.6 million increase was primarily driven by including a full year of net sales for Mount Holly and Jacob Holm, both of which were acquired in 2021, and higher selling prices and surcharges to recover higher input cost inflation. 
 Airlaid Materials net sales increased 131.3 million or 27.9 , in the comparison of 2022 to 2021, mainly driven by higher selling prices from cost-pass-through arrangements with customers and pricing actions to recover significant inflation in raw materials and energy. Shipments increased 11.3 driven by higher shipments in all market categories except for home care. Currency translation was 36.1 million unfavorable. 
 Airlaid Materials 2022 operating income of 54.8 million was 12.6 million higher than 2021. Higher shipments and product mix positively impacted results by 11.7 million. Selling price increases of 82.5 million fully offset the higher raw material prices and energy inflation costs of 79.3. In 2022, primary raw material input costs increased 66.2 million, or 26 and energy costs increased 13.1 million, or 58 , compared to 2021. The increase in primary raw material input costs was approximately in-line with broader market indices, however, energy costs, in general, increased less than broader market indices due to our entering into certain forward purchases which partially mitigated the impact of rising energy costs. We expect prices for both energy and raw materials to remain elevated for the foreseeable future. As of December 31, 2022, Airlaid Materials had approximately 77 of its net sales with contracts with pass-through provisions. Operations were favorable 2.9 million driven by higher production, which offset other general inflationary pressures. The impact of currency and related hedging negatively impacted earnings by 5.2 million. The primary drivers are summarized in the following chart (presented in millions): 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 21 

Table of Contents 

Composite Fibers net sales decreased 32.9 million or 5.9 in 2022 compared to 2021. The decline in net sales is primarily driven by a 22.0 decline in shipments. In particular, wallcover shipments declined 45.1 due to lower shipments to customers in Russia and Ukraine resulting from the ongoing conflict in the region, including sanctions prohibiting the sale of certain wallcover and tea filter materials into Russia. Shipments in all other market categories were also lower in 2022. Higher selling prices of 73.5 million, driven by price increases and energy surcharges to recover input cost inflation, partially offset the overall lower shipments. Currency translation was unfavorable 50.4 million. 
 Composite Fibers 2022 operating income of 16.9 million was 20.5 million lower than 2021. Lower shipments, primarily in our Dresden facility, negatively impacted results by 9.7 million. Higher selling prices and energy surcharges of 73.4 million fell 11.8 million short of recovering continued inflation in energy and raw materials of 85.2 million. In 2022, energy costs increased 33.8 million, or 57 , and primary raw material input costs increased 29.8 million, or 13 , compared to 2021. The increase in primary raw material input costs was approximately in-line with broader market indices, however, energy costs, in general, increased less than broader market indices due to our entering into certain forward purchases which partially mitigated the impact of rising energy costs. Freight inflation reported as part of raw material and energy inflation increased approximately 18.6 million, or 85 , compared to 2021. To help mitigate the substantial energy inflation charges and higher raw material costs, we revised some of our customer contracts to include pass-through costs provisions. As of December 31, 2022, Composite Fibers had approximately 47 of its net sales with contracts with pass-through provisions. Operations were lower 8.3 million dollars mainly driven by market related downtime in our German facilities related to Russia/Ukraine sanctions and to manage inventory levels which was partially offset by lower energy consumption and lower spending. The impact of currency and related hedging positively impacted earnings by 9.3 million primarily due to the weakening of the British pound sterling for which our expenses exceed sales in this currency. 
 The primary drivers are summarized in the following chart (presented in millions): 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Spunlace s net sales for 2022 were approximately 365.9 million. An operating loss of 9.3 million was mainly driven by higher raw material and energy costs only partially offset by higher selling prices and energy surcharges. The results for 2021 were included prospectively from the October 29, 2021 acquisition date. 
 Other and Unallocated The amount of net operating expenses not allocated to an operating segment and reported as Other and Unallocated in our table of Segment Financial Performance, totaled 226.4 million for 2022 compared with 49.7 million in 2021. Excluding the items identified to present adjusted earnings, unallocated expenses for the comparison increased 3.7 million. Expenses for 2022 included a one-time customer claim and associated costs totaling 3.1 million related to a supplier's raw material defect that was identified by Glatfelter and reported to the customer thereby avoiding the impacted product from reaching the end consumer. The Company has initiated discussions with the supplier and its insurance provider to recover Glatfelter's losses related to the issue. No recovery of losses was recorded in the 2022 financials. 
 Gain on Sales of Plant, Equipment and Timberlands, net During each of the past two years, we sold certain assets, primarily timberlands. For a summary of these transactions, refer to Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 7 - " Gain on Dispositions of Plant Equipment and Timberlands. " 
 Interest expense, net For the year ended December 31, 2022, interest expense, net totaled 32.8 million compared with 12.3 million for 2021. The increase reflects additional net borrowings in 2021 totaling 497.3 million incurred to finance the two acquisitions completed in May 2021 and October 2021. In addition, in connection with the October 2021 issuance of our 4.750 senior notes to finance the Jacob Holm acquisition, we refinanced the amounts outstanding under our variable-rate revolving credit facility which averaged approximately 1.6 at the time they were refinanced, with the proceeds of the fixed-rate notes. 
 Income taxes For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a 10.3 million income tax benefit on a pretax loss of 204.4 million from continuing operations. The comparable amounts for 2021 were 7.0 million income tax provision on a pre-tax income of 13.7 million. The income tax benefit in 2022 includes deferred tax benefits associated with the asset impairment charges and related bad debt and inventory reserves, partially offset by a valuation allowance recorded for the operating losses in the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions for which no income tax benefit was recorded . The 2021 income tax provision reflects the impact of 3.6 million of tax expense related to the reversal of a permanent reinvestment assertion for certain foreign jurisdictions and a foreign tax benefit of 10.7 million related to the establishment of a center of excellence. 
 Foreign Currency We own and operate facilities in Canada, Germany, France, the United Kingdom, Spain and the Philippines. The functional currency of our Canadian operations is the U.S. dollar. However, in Germany, France and Spain it is the euro, in the UK, it is the British pound sterling, and in the Philippines the functional currency is the peso. On an annual basis, our euro denominated net sales exceeds euro expenses by an estimated 190 million. For 2022 compared to 2021, the average currency exchange rate of the euro weakened relative to the U.S. dollar by approximately 11.0 , and the British pound sterling to the dollar weakened by approximately 10.1 . With respect to the British pound sterling, Canadian dollar, and Philippine peso, we have differing amounts of inflows and outflows of these currencies, although to a lesser degree than the euro. As a result, we are exposed to changes in currency exchange rates and such changes could be 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 23 

Table of Contents 

 significant. The translation of the results from international operations into U.S. dollars is subject to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 The table below summarizes the translation impact on reported results that changes in currency exchange rates had on our non-U.S. based operations from the conversion of these operation s results for the period indicated. 
 In thousands Year ended 
 December 31,2022 
 Favorable 
 (unfavorable) 
 Net sales (86,470) Costs of products sold 85,375 SG A expenses 5,207 Income taxes and other 573 Net income 4,685 
 The above table only presents the financial reporting impact of foreign currency translations assuming currency exchange rates in 2022 were the same as 2021, or constant currency. It does not present the impact of certain competitive advantages or disadvantages of operating or competing in multi-currency markets. 
 Discontinued Operations We completed the sale of our Specialty Papers business on October 31, 2018. Its results of operations are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented. There was an immaterial amount of activity in results of discontinued operations for 2022 and 2021. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our business requires expenditures for new or enhanced equipment, research and development efforts, and to support our business strategy. In addition, we have mandatory debt service requirements of both principal and interest. The following table summarizes cash flow information for each of the periods presented: 
 Year ended December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 138,436 99,581 Cash provided (used) by Operating activities (40,820) 70,977 Investing activities (33,098) (489,766) Financing activities 46,919 462,352 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash (2,341) (5,418) Change in cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations (312) (996) Net cash provided (used) (29,652) 37,149 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of period 119,162 148,814 Less: restricted cash in Prepaid and other current assets (3,600) (2,000) Less: restricted cash in Other assets (4,902) (8,378) Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 110,660 138,436 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 110.7 million in cash and cash equivalents cash ), of which approximately 95.8 was held by foreign subsidiaries. Cash held by our foreign subsidiaries can be repatriated without incurring a significant amount of additional taxes. As of December 31, 2022, the company had available liquidity of 87.4 million. 
 Cash used by operating activities totaled 40.8 million in 2022 compared with a cash inflow of 71.0 million a year ago. Th e increase in cash used was primarily due to an increase in working capital usage of approximately 74.1 million, primarily related to inventory and accounts receivable, which were driven by inflation and selling price increases, the termination of a factoring arrangement previously utilized by certain former Jacob Holm entities, a 20.7 million reduction in adjusted EBITDA, a 8.9 million increase in income taxes paid and a 26.2 million increase in interest paid partially offset by a 21.5 million reduction in cash payments for strategic initiatives . 
 Net cash used by investing activities for 2022 totaled 33.1 million which primarily reflects capital expenditures totaling 37.7 million partially offset by 3.2 million in proceeds from the sales of timberlands. In 2021, net cash used in investing activities of 489.8 million reflects the 464.9 million combined purchase price, net of cash acquired, of the two acquisitions completed in 2021, capital expenditures of 30.0 million partially offset by 5.6 million in proceeds from the 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 sale of timberlands. Capital expenditures are expected to total between 35 million and 40 million, including 4 to 5 million for Spunlace integration, in 2023. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities totaled 46.9 million in 2022 compared with 462.4 million in 2021. The change in the year-to-year comparison primarily reflects the issuance of bonds of 500 million to finance our acquisitions in 2021. 2022 reflects increased borrowings under our revolving credit facility for working capital and other operating expenditures. 
 In October 2021, we issued 500 million aggregate principal amount of 4.750 senior notes due 2029 (the Notes ). The net proceeds from the offering of the Notes, together with cash on hand, were used to pay the purchase price of the Jacob Holm acquisition, certain indebtedness of Jacob Holm, outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility including amounts previously borrowed to purchase Mount Holly, and to pay fees and expenses. 
 Our revolving credit facility due in September 2026, contains a number of customary compliance covenants. As of December 31, 2022, the leverage ratio, as calculated in accordance with the definition in our Credit Agreement, was 6.0x, well within the maximum limit allowed under our Credit Agreement. A breach of these requirements would give rise to certain remedies under the Revolving Credit Facility, among which are the termination of the agreement and accelerated repayment of the outstanding borrowings plus accrued and unpaid interest under the Credit Agreement. As discussed in Note 16 - Long Term Debt, on May 9, 2022, we amended our Credit Agreement to increase the maximum leverage ratio to 6.75 to 1.0 until the quarter ended December 31, 2023, after which the maximum ratio will step down to 4.0 to 1.0. 
 Details of our outstanding long-term indebtedness are set forth under Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 20 - Long-Term Debt. " 
 Financing activities includes cash used for common stock dividends. In 2022, we used 18.8 million of cash for dividends on our common stock compared with 24.5 million in 2021. Our Board of Directors determines what, if any, dividends will be paid to our shareholders. During the third quarter of 2022, our Board of Directors suspended the Company s quarterly cash dividend to focus efforts on optimizing the operational and financials results of the business. 
 We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations intended to protect the environment, as well as human health and safety. At various times, we have incurred costs to comply with these regulations and we could incur additional costs as new regulations are developed or regulatory priorities change. 
 As more fully discussed in Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 24 Commitments, Contingencies and Legal Proceedings , we are involved in the Lower Fox River in Wisconsin (the Fox River ), an EPA Superfund site for which we remain potentially liable for certain government oversight and long-term monitoring and maintenance costs. Pursuant to a consent decree with certain government agencies entered into in January 2019, we paid 20.5 million for past government oversight costs. Although there remains some uncertainty as to the amount we may ultimately be required to spend, primarily for government oversight costs, the consent decree specifies the nature of our future obligations. 
 We expect to meet all our near and long-term cash needs from a combination of operating cash flow, cash and cash equivalents, our existing credit facility and other long-term debt. 
 In October 2022, our credit rating was downgraded by S P Global Ratings to CCC+ based on its latest assessment of our business. Although the downgrade does not impact our current interest costs or cause a default on any of our debt, it may impact our cost or our ability to refinance our debt or issue new debt in the future on terms as favorable as we might otherwise be able to achieve without the downgrade. Furthermore, the downgrade may increase the risk that our vendors could reduce our credit limits which may require earlier or more frequent payments to operate within our limits which would negatively impact our cash flow. 
 Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had not entered into any off-balance-sheet arrangements. Financial derivative instruments, to which we are a party, and guarantees of indebtedness, which solely consist of obligations of subsidiaries, are reflected in the consolidated balance sheets included herein in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 25 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 For the year Ended December 31 December 31, 2022 In thousands, except percentages 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Carrying Value Fair Value Long-term debt Average principal outstanding At variable interest rates 303,473 154,469 118,685 118,685 79,990 312,273 307,683 At fixed interest rates Term Loans 518,148 502,280 500,392 500,000 500,000 531,959 332,505 844,232 640,188 Weighted-average interest rate On variable rate debt 3.84 3.84 3.84 3.84 3.84 On fixed rate debt Term Loans 4.61 4.73 4.75 4.75 4.75 
 The table above presents the average principal outstanding and related interest rates for the next five years for debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Fair values included herein have been determined based upon rates currently available to us for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities. 
 Our market risk exposure primarily results from changes in interest rates and currency exchange rates. At December 31, 2022, we had 844.2 million of long-term debt, net of deferred debt issuance costs. Approximately 37.0 of our debt was at variable interest rates. The fixed-rate Term Loans are euro-based borrowings and thus the value of which is also subject to currency risk. Variable-rate debt outstanding represents borrowings under our revolving credit agreement and a euro-denominated term loan which accrue interest based on one-month LIBOR plus a margin. At December 31, 2022, the weighted-average interest rate paid on variable debt was 3.84 . A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates would increase annual interest expense by 3.1 million and a hypothetical decrease in rates would decrease annual interest expense by 3.1 million. 
 On June 15, 2022, we terminated a 180 million notional value floating-to-fixed interest rate swap agreement with certain financial institutions that was entered into in October 2019 and was to mature in December 2022. During the life of the swap, we paid a fixed interest rate of the applicable margin plus 0.0395 on 180 million of the underlying variable rate term loan. We received the greater of 0.00 or EURIBOR. At termination, we recognized a deferred gain of 0.4 million that was amortized into interest expense through December 2022. 
 As part of our overall risk management practices, we enter into financial derivatives primarily designed to either i) hedge currency risks associated with forecasted transactions cash flow hedges or ii) mitigate the impact that changes in currency exchange rates have on intercompany financing transactions and foreign currency denominated receivables and payables foreign currency hedges. For a more complete discussion of this activity, refer to Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 22 - Financial Derivatives and Hedging Activities. 
 We are subject to certain risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates to the extent our operations are conducted in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. On an annual basis, our euro denominated net sales is estimated to exceed euro expenses by approximately 190 million. With respect to the British pound sterling, Canadian dollar, and Philippine peso, we have greater outflows than inflows of these currencies, although to a lesser degree. As a result, particularly with respect to the euro, we are exposed to changes in currency exchange rates and such changes could be significant. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preceding discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial position and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net sales and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to long-lived assets, environmental liabilities, and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 We believe the following represent the most significant and subjective estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Long- and Indefinite-lived Assets We evaluate the recoverability of our long- and indefinite-lived assets, including plant, equipment, timberlands, goodwill, and other intangible assets periodically or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Goodwill and non-amortizing tradename intangible assets are reviewed for impairment annually, during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if impairment indicators are present. 
 The fair value of our reporting units, which are also our operating segments, is determined using a market approach and a discounted cash flow model. The fair value of non-amortizing tradename intangible assets is determined using a discounted cash flow model. Our evaluations include a variety of qualitative factors and analyses based on estimates of future cash flows expected to be generated from the use of the underlying assets, trends or other determinants of fair value. If the value of an asset determined by these evaluations is less than its carrying amount, a loss is recognized for the difference between the fair value and the carrying value of the asset 
 Our Airlaid Materials segment s fair value substantially exceeded its carrying value at the time of its last valuation performed in connection with our annual impairment test in the fourth quarter of 2022 by approximately 27 . 
 Our Composite Fibers segment recognized a goodwill impairment in the first quarter of 2022 of 56.1 million in connection with an assessment of potential impairment of long-lived and indefinite-lived intangible assets stemming from the compounding impacts resulting from the Russia/Ukraine military conflict and related sanctions. During the fourth quarter 2022, in connection with our annual impairment test, we recognized an additional goodwill impairment of 20.3 million, which represent the entirety of the remaining goodwill for Composite Fibers. The impairment was driven by the increase in the discount rate utilized to value this segment, despite its improving performance compared to the last valuation. The Company utilized both a market approach and an income approach, relying on a discounted present value cash flow model applying a 15.5 discount rate and a perpetual revenue growth rate of 2.5 , for purposes of the valuation of this operating segment. 
 
 Our Spunlace segment, which was formed in conjunction with the Jacob Holm acquisition on October 29, 2021, performed a valuation in the third quarter of 2022 driven by the financial developments subsequent to the acquisition and as a result recognized a 42.5 million impairment charge, which impaired all the goodwill in this segment. The Company utilized both a market approach and an income approach, relying on a discounted present value cash flow model applying a 11 discount rate and a perpetual revenue growth rate of 2.5 , for purposes of the valuation of this operating segment. 
 
 Both Composite Fibers and Spunlace s fair value, in particular the asset groups within each operating segment, could be impacted by factors such as unexpected changes in inflation, significant disruptions in the delivery of energy to our sites, particularly in Europe, or the Company s inability to successfully increase selling prices in response to inflationary pressures. Future adverse changes such as these or in market conditions or poor operating results of the related business may indicate an inability to recover the carrying value of the asset groups, thereby possibly requiring an impairment charge in the future. 
 Environmental Liabilities We maintain accruals for losses associated with environmental obligations when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated based on existing legislation and remediation technologies. These accruals are adjusted periodically as assessment and remediation actions continue and/or further legal or technical information develops. Such liabilities are exclusive of any insurance or other claims against third parties. Environmental costs are capitalized if the costs extend the life of the asset, increase its capacity and/or mitigate or prevent contamination from future operations. Recoveries of environmental remediation costs from other parties, including insurance carriers, are recorded as assets when their receipt is assured beyond a reasonable doubt. 
 Income Taxes We record the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and amounts reported in our consolidated balance sheets, as well as operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. These deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when such amounts are expected to reverse or be utilized. We regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. If we are unable to generate sufficient future taxable income, or if there is a material change in the actual effective tax rates or time period within which the underlying temporary differences become taxable or deductible, we could be required to increase the valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets, which may result in a substantial increase in our effective tax rate and a material adverse impact on our reported results. 
 Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and recording the related assets and liabilities. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is less than certain. We and our subsidiaries are examined by various Federal, State and foreign tax authorities. We regularly assess the potential outcomes of these examinations and any future examinations for the current or prior years in determining the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. We continually assess the likelihood 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 27 

Table of Contents 

 and amount of potential adjustments and adjust the income tax provision, the current liability and deferred taxes in the period in which the facts that give rise to a revision become known. 
 Other significant accounting policies, not involving the same level of uncertainties as those discussed above, are nevertheless important to an understanding of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Refer to Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional accounting policies. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Management of Glatfelter Corporation (the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the chief executive and chief financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 As of December 31, 2022, management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 Management has determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, is effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report appearing herein which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company s management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, does not expect that internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all frauds. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based, in part, on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 29 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Glatfelter Corporation 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Glatfelter Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 27, 2023 
 30 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Glatfelter Corporation 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Glatfelter Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income (loss), comprehensive income (loss), shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Goodwill and Other Asset Impairments Composite Fibers and Spunlace Reporting Units Refer to Notes 2 and 6 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company reviews goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually, during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if impairment indicators are present, and re-evaluates long-lived assets for impairment when a specific event indicates that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. 
 
 For the Composite Fibers Reporting Unit, during the first quarter of 2022, the Company concluded that indicators of impairment were present due to the compounding impacts resulting from the Russia/Ukraine military conflict and related sanctions. As a direct result of the economic impacts from the conflict, and the disruptions in the underlying financial systems and prohibition of the export of sanctioned wallcover base paper to Russia, management expected a significant reduction in wallcover revenues and associated cash flows for the foreseeable future. Based on the results of its quantitative assessment, the Company determined that the goodwill and the indefinite-lived tradename asset, as well as associated long-lived assets, were impaired and recorded a non-cash impairment charge of 117.3 million within the consolidated financial statements. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company recognized a 20.3 million impairment charge for the remaining goodwill of the Composite Fibers reporting unit, primarily driven by higher valuation discount rates. 
 
 For the Spunlace Reporting Unit, during the third quarter of 2022, the Company concluded that indicators of impairment were present for the Spunlace reporting unit, due to continued inflationary challenges which had escalated since the 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 31 

acquisition of the business in late 2021, along with the impact of unexpected supply chain and other operational issues, which resulted in an unexpected increase in operating losses. Based on the results of its quantitative assessment, the Company determined that the carrying value of the goodwill was fully impaired and recorded an impairment charge of 42.5 million. 
 
 The fair value of the underlying assets was estimated using discounted cash flow models, independent appraisals and similar methods, as applicable. The determination of the fair value requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to future cash flows and the discount rate used in the valuation models. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that the impairment analysis is a critical audit matter are that the significant estimates and assumptions made by management involve subjectivity and judgment in determining the fair value of the reporting unit using the discounted future cash flows valuation technique. Given the inherent uncertainties related to the Company s forecasts and how various factors could affect the Company s assumptions, in particular the revenue forecast specific to the impairment test, performing audit procedures to evaluate management s assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve valuation specialists. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures over management s estimates of future cash flows expected to be generated from the use of the underlying assets used to value the reporting units and related assets, included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s impairment evaluation, including those over the selection of the discount rate and management s development of forecasts of revenue and related cash flows; 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecasts by comparing the forecasts to (1) historical results, (2) internal communications to management and those charged with governance, and (3) available industry data; 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of valuation assumptions, including the discount rate, by (1) testing the source information underlying the determination of valuation assumptions; (2) testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculations; and (3) developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the valuation assumptions selected by management; and 
 We evaluated the competency and objectivity of management s specialists who assisted with preparing the discounted future cash flows analysis. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 Charlotte, North Carolina 
 February 27, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since at least 1940; however, an earlier year could not be reliably determined. 
 32 

GLATFELTER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) 
 Year ended December 31, In thousands, except per share 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Costs of products sold Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Goodwill and other asset impairment charges Gains on dispositions of plant, equipment and timberlands, net ) ) ) Operating income (loss) ) Non-operating income (expense) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Pension settlement ) Other, net ) ) ) Total non-operating expense ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Discontinued operations: Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax provision Income (loss) from discontinued operations ) Net income (loss) ) Basic earnings (loss) per share Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Income from discontinued operations Basic earnings per share ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Income from discontinued operations Diluted earnings per share ) Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 33 

GLATFELTER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 Year ended December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Net change in: Deferred gains (losses) on derivatives, net of taxes of ), ), and , respectively 
 ) Unrecognized retirement obligations, net of taxes of ), ), and , respectively 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 34 

GLATFELTER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable (less allowance for doubtful accounts: 2022 - ; 2021 - 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Plant, equipment and timberlands, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Current portion of long-term debt Short-term debt Accounts payable Dividends payable Environmental liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Shareholders equity Common stock, par value; authorized - ; issued - (including treasury shares: 2022 - ; 2021 - 
 Capital in excess of par value Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Less cost of common stock in treasury ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 35 

GLATFELTER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year ended December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net income (loss) ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax ) ) Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided (used) by operating activities: Depreciation, depletion and amortization Amortization of debt issue costs and original issue discount Goodwill and other asset impairment charges Russia/Ukraine conflict charges Deferred income tax benefit ) ) ) Gains on dispositions of plant, equipment and timberlands, net ) ) ) Share-based compensation Change in operating assets and liabilities Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid and other current assets ) Accounts payable ) Accruals and other current liabilities ) ) Other ) Net cash provided (used) by operating activities ) Investing activities Expenditures for purchases of plant, equipment and timberlands ) ) ) Proceeds from disposals of plant, equipment and timberlands, net Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Other ) ) Net cash used by investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Proceeds from note offerings Proceeds from term loans Repayment of term loans ) ) ) Net borrowings (repayments) under revolving credit facility ) ) Payments of borrowing costs ) ) ) Payments of dividends ) ) ) Proceeds from government grants Payments related to share-based compensation awards and other ) ) ) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Change in cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations ) ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of period Less: restricted cash in Prepaid and other current assets ) ) ) Less: restricted cash in Other assets ) ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period Supplemental cash flow information Cash paid (refunded) for: Interest, net of amounts capitalized Income taxes, net ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 36 

GLATFELTER CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 In thousands Common 
 Stock 
 Capital in 
 Excess of 
 Par Value 
 Retained 
 Earnings 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Loss 
 Treasury 
 Stock 
 Total 
 Shareholders 
 Equity 
 Balance at January 1, 2020 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Comprehensive income Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation expense Delivery of treasury shares: RSUs and PSAs ) ) Employee stock options exercised net ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Comprehensive loss ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation expense Delivery of treasury shares: RSUs and PSAs ) ) Employee stock options exercised net ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Comprehensive loss ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation expense Delivery of treasury shares: RSUs and PSAs ) ) Employee stock options exercised net Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 37 

GLATFELTER CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 billion. At December 31, 2022, we employed approximately employees worldwide. Glatfelter s operations utilize a variety of manufacturing technologies including airlaid, wetlaid and spunlace with manufacturing sites located in the United States, Canada, Germany, the United Kingdom, France, Spain, and the Philippines. The Company has sales offices in all major geographies serving customers under the Glatfelter and Sontara brands. The terms we, us, our, the Company, or Glatfelter, refer to Glatfelter Corporation and subsidiaries unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 
 2. 

years 
 Machinery and equipment years 
 Other years 

38 

segments, logistics costs, competition and similar factors. For goodwill, impairment losses, if any, are recognized for the amount by which the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value. The carrying value of a reporting unit is defined using an enterprise premise which is generally determined by the difference between the unit s assets and operating liabilities. With respect to non-amortizing tradenames, impairment losses, if any, are recognized for the amount by which the carrying value of the tradename exceeds its fair value. For additional information, refer to Note 6 Asset Impairment . 

GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 39 

. For 2021, the employee retention credit is equal to of qualified wages paid to U.S. employees in quarters where certain criteria are met. 
 The Company qualified for the employee retention credits for the first and second quarters of 2021 and filed for a cash refund claim in the fourth quarter of 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized an employee retention credit of million of which million is included in cost of products sold and million is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of income (loss). The tax credit receivable is included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022. 
 40 

3. 
 million. This business includes the Mount Holly, NC manufacturing facility with annual production capacity of approximately metric tons and an R D center and pilot line for nonwovens product development in Memphis, TN. The Mount Holly facility produces high-quality airlaid products for the wipes, hygiene, and other nonwoven materials markets, competing in the marketplace with nonwoven technologies and substrates, as well as other materials focused primarily on consumer based end-use applications. The facility employs approximately people. Mount Holly s results are reported prospectively from the acquisition date as part of our Airlaid Materials segment. Mount Holly had annual net sales of approximately million in 2020. 
 The Mount Holly acquisition was financed through a combination of cash on hand and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. 
 On October 29, 2021, we completed the acquisition of PMM Holding (Luxembourg) AG, the owner of all of the equity interest in Jacob Holm, a global leading manufacturer of premium quality spunlace nonwoven fabrics for critical cleaning, high-performance materials, personal care, hygiene and medical applications, for approximately million for all outstanding shares and the extinguishment of Jacob Holm s debt. 
 Jacob Holm s broad product offerings and blue-chip customer base expands our portfolio to include surgical drapes and gowns, wound care, face masks, facial wipes and cosmetic masks. The acquisition of Jacob Holm s Sontara brand, a leading producer of finished products for critical cleaning wipes and medical apparel, enhances our technological capabilities. Jacob Holm has approximately employees, operates production facilities in the United States, France and Spain, and its revenue in 2020 totaled approximately million. The results of Jacob Holm's operations are reported as Spunlace, a newly formed segment, prospectively from the acquisition date. 
 The Jacob Holm acquisition was financed with the proceeds of a private placement of million of senior notes discussed in Note 20 - "Long-term Debt." 
 In 2022, we adjusted the purchase price allocation related to the Jacob Holm acquisition by reducing preacquistion compensation incentive accruals by approximately million, and reducing goodwill by the same amount, based on incentive payouts made during the year. 
 Less: Debt repaid ) Cash consideration 
 
 The purchase price allocation for the Jacob Holm acquisitions is complete. 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 41 

Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid and other current assets Plant, equipment and timberlands Intangible assets Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities Short-term debt Accounts payable Other current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Total purchase price 
 
 For purposes of allocating the total purchase price, assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their estimated fair market values. The allocations set forth above are based on management s estimate of the fair value using valuation techniques such as discounted cash flow models, appraisals and similar methodologies. 
 Acquired property, plant and equipment in both acquisitions are being depreciated on a straight-line basis with estimated remaining lives ranging from years to years. Intangible assets recorded in connection with the Mount Holly acquisition consist of customer relationships and are being amortized on a straight-line basis years). With respect to the Jacob Holm acquisition, identifiable intangible assets consist of trade and product names to life), technical know-how to life) and customer relationships life). These assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis. The goodwill arising from the acquisitions largely relates to strategic benefits, product and market diversification, assembled workforce, and similar factors. Goodwill recorded in connection with the Mount Holly transaction is deductible for federal tax purposes over 15 years. Additional information is discussed in Note 16 - "Goodwill and Intangible Assets." 
 In connection with the Jacob Holm acquisition and as provided for in the underlying Share Purchase Agreement, we recorded a million indemnification asset related to certain potential tax liabilities. The indemnification asset is presented above under the caption "Other assets." 
 During 2022, we wrote off the entire amount of goodwill recorded as part of the Jacob Holm acquisition. Additional information is discussed in Note 6 - Goodwill and Ass et Impairments . 
 For purposes of presenting the pro forma financial information, the legal and professional costs directly related to the acquisitions have been eliminated. Income from continuing operations 
 For purposes of presenting the above pro forma financial information, the legal and professional costs directly related to the acquisitions have been eliminated. This unaudited pro forma financial information presented in this section is not necessarily indicative of what the operating results would have been had the acquisition been completed at the beginning of the respective period nor is it indicative of future results. 
 42 

4. 
 million. The sale of the business was in connection with the strategic focus on our more growth oriented Composite Fibers and Airlaid Materials. 
 Energy and related sales, net Total revenues Costs of products sold Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) (Gains) losses on dispositions of plant, equipment and timberlands, net Operating income (loss) ) Non-operating income (expense) Interest expense Other, net Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax provision Income (loss) from discontinued operations ) 
 
 The amounts set forth above in 2022 and 2021 primarily represent reversals of sales and use tax reserves due to the expiration of statutes of limitation and legal costs incurred to pursue certain legal claims. In 2020, the amount set forth above primarily represents the settlement of a sales and use tax audit.) ) ) Net cash used by investing activities Net cash provided by financing activities Change in cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations ) ) ) 
 
 5. 
 Accelerated depreciation Inventory and spare parts Other Total 
 The restructuring charge is recorded under the caption Costs of product sold in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2020. With the exception of the severance and benefit continuation amounts, all other amounts accrued represent accelerated non-cash asset write-downs. As of December 31, 2022, there was accrued and unpaid restructuring charge. 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 43 

6. 
 million. This charge includes a million goodwill impairment for the Composite Fibers segment, primarily driven by higher valuation discount rates despite our expectation of improvements in future financial results compared to our forecast included in our valuation performed in Q1 2022. In addition, we recognized an million non-cash asset impairment charge related to our OberSchmitten, Germany facility based on our expectations of future cash flows for this site. We are currently evaluating strategic alternatives for this facility. 
 During the third quarter of 2022, we recognized a non-cash goodwill impairment charge for our Spunlace segment of million. The Spunlace segment has faced continued inflationary challenges which had escalated since our acquisition of this business in late 2021. Our selling price increases have been insufficient to offset the impact of inflation. Furthermore, the Spunlace segment has been impacted by unexpected supply chain and other operational issues which, in combination with the commercial issues, have resulted in an unexpected increase in operating losses. Although, management expects it will address the commercial, as well as, operational challenges that have impacted the profitability of this segment, the timing to effectuate the necessary changes to improve performance of this segment will be longer than previously expected. 
 In the first quarter of 2022, in connection with an assessment of potential impairment of long-lived and indefinite-lived intangible assets stemming from the compounding impacts resulting from the Russia/Ukraine military conflict and related sanctions, we recorded a million non-cash asset impairment charge related to Composite Fibers' Dresden facility and an impairment of Composite Fibers' goodwill. Dresden is a single-line facility that produces wallcover base paper, the majority of which is sold into the Russian and Ukrainian markets. As a direct result of the economic impacts from the conflict, and the disruptions in the underlying financial systems and prohibition of the export of sanctioned wallcover base paper to Russia, management expects a significant reduction in wallcover revenues and associated cash flows for the foreseeable future. In addition, the conflict is expected to significantly impact energy prices and also impact other Composite Fibers products that are also subject to export sanctions into Russia. Accordingly, a charge was recorded to reduce the carrying value of the Dresden fixed assets and intangible assets (technological know-how, customer relationships, and an indefinite-lived trade name), along with Composite Fibers goodwill to fair value. 
 During the second quarter of 2020, in connection with an assessment of potential impairment of indefinite-lived intangible assets, we recorded a million non-cash asset impairment charge related to a trade name intangible asset acquired in connection with our Composite Fibers segment s 2013 Dresden acquisition. The charge was due to a change in the estimated fair value of the trade name, primarily driven by lower forecasted wallcover net sales associated with economic instability in Russia and Ukraine together with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on this business. The fair value of the asset was estimated using a discounted cash flow model (Level 3 fair value classification) . 
 Customer relationships Goodwill Total 
 The fair value of the underlying assets was estimated using discounted cash flow models, independent appraisals and similar methods, all of which are Level 3 fair value classification. 
 
 As a result of economic sanctions and disruptions to the financial markets, certain Russian and Ukrainian customers are not able to satisfy outstanding accounts receivables. As such, during 2022, we recognized bad debt expense of approximately million directly related to Russian and Ukrainian customers. Furthermore, during 2022, we increased inventory reserves by approximately million, primarily related to wallcover products. 
 
 7. 
 
 44 

Other n/a ) Total 2021 Timberlands Other n/a ) Total 2020 Timberlands Other n/a ) Total 

GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 45 

8. 
 Specialty wipes Tabletop Adult incontinence Home care Food pads Other Composite Fibers Food beverage Technical specialties Wallcovering Composite laminates Metallized Spunlace Consumer wipes Critical cleaning Health care Hygiene High performance Beauty care Total Revenue by geography Airlaid Materials Americas Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Composite Fibers Europe, Middle East and Africa Americas Asia Pacific Spunlace Americas Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Total 
 
 46 

9.) Weighted average common shares outstanding used in basic EPS Common shares issuable upon exercise of dilutive stock options and PSAs / RSUs 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding and common share equivalents used in diluted EPS 
 Earnings (loss) per share Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations 

10.) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications (net of tax) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (net of tax) ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) Balance at January 1, 2021 
 ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications (net of tax) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (net of tax) ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) ) ) Balance at January 1, 2020 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications (net of tax) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (net of tax) ) ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 47 

) ) Costs of products sold Tax expense (benefit) Income tax provision (benefit) Net of tax ) ) ) Loss (gain) on interest rate swaps ) Interest expense Tax expense Income tax provision (benefit) Net of tax ) Total cash flow hedges ) ) ) Retirement plan obligations (Note 13) Amortization of defined benefit pension plan items Prior service costs Other, net Actuarial losses Other, net Tax benefit ) ) ) Income tax provision (benefit) Net of tax Amortization of defined benefit other plan items Prior service costs ) ) Other, net Actuarial loss (gains) ) Other, net ) ) Tax expense Income tax provision (benefit) Net of tax ) ) Total reclassifications, net of tax ) ) 
 48 

11.) ) ) State Foreign Deferred taxes and other Federal ) ) State ) Foreign ) ) ) ) ) ) Income tax provision (benefit) )) ) ) Foreign ) Total pretax income (loss) ) 
 State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit ) Foreign income tax rate differential ) ) Tax effect of tax credits ) ) Provision for (resolution of) tax matters ) Rate changes due to enacted legislation ) Change in reinvestment assertion Effect of U.S. tax law change ) ) Income inclusions from foreign subsidiaries ) Stock-based compensation Nondeductible officer's compensation ) Valuation allowance ) ) Tax effect of U.S. impairment ) Recognition of non-U.S. intangible tax basis ) Capitalized transaction costs Pension termination, settlement and related Prior year adjustments Other ) ) Actual tax rate 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 49 

million goodwill impairment charge (refer to Note 6), and operating losses in the U.S. and Spunlace operations in France, for which no tax benefit was recorded. 
 The effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 was unfavorably impacted by operating losses in the U.S., restructuring and other non-recurring costs for which no tax benefit was recorded. 
 Environmental Compensation Pension Post-retirement benefits Research development expenses Inventories Tax carryforwards Interest limitation carryforwards Other Deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Property ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Inventories ) Other ) ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 Deferred income taxes 
 At December 31, 2022, we had federal, state and foreign tax net operating loss NOL carryforwards of million, million, and million, respectively. These NOL carryforwards are available to offset future taxable income. million of the federal NOL carryforward expires in 2037.The remaining million of the federal NOL has an indefinite carryforward and never expires. The state NOL carryforwards expire at various times and in various amounts beginning in 2023. Certain foreign NOL carryforwards begin to expire after 2025. 
 The federal and state NOL carryforwards on the income tax returns filed included unrecognized tax benefits taken in prior years. The deferred tax assets recognized for financial statement purposes for such NOL carryforwards are presented net of these unrecognized tax benefits. 
 In addition, we had various federal tax credit carryforwards totaling million which begin to expire in 2035 and state tax credit carryforwards totaling million, which begin to expire in 2028. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a valuation allowance of million and million, respectively, against net deferred tax assets, primarily due to uncertainty regarding the ability to utilize federal, state and foreign tax NOL carryforwards, federal and foreign interest limitation carryforwards and certain state tax credits. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, management considers all available positive and negative evidence in its analysis. Based on this analysis, we recorded a valuation allowance for the portion of deferred tax assets where the weight of available evidence indicated it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 Tax credits and other incentives reduce tax expense in the year the credits are claimed. We recorded tax credits of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to research and development credits. 
 50 

million and million, respectively. Because the unremitted earnings of those subsidiaries are deemed to be indefinitely reinvested as of December 31, 2022 and because we have no need for or plans to repatriate such earnings, no deferred tax liability has been recognized in our consolidated financial statements with regard to those subsidiaries. In 2021, we designated unremitted earnings of a subsidiary as not indefinitely reinvested. As of December 31, 2022, we have million of deferred tax liabilities recorded with regard to the unremitted earnings of that subsidiary. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had million, million and million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, if such benefits were to be recognized, approximately million would be recorded as a component of income tax expense, thereby affecting our effective tax rate. 
 Increases in tax positions for prior years Decreases in tax positions for prior years ) ) ) Acquisition related: Purchase Accounting Increases in tax positions for current year Settlements ) Lapse in statutes of limitation ) ) ) Balance at December 31 
 
 We, or one of our subsidiaries, file income tax returns with the United States Internal Revenue Service, as well as various state and foreign authorities. 
 
 The amount of income taxes we pay is subject to ongoing audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities, which often result in proposed assessments. Management performs a comprehensive review of its global tax positions on a quarterly basis and accrues amounts for uncertain tax positions. Based on these reviews and the result of discussions and resolutions of matters with tax authorities and the closure of tax years subject to tax audit, reserves are adjusted as necessary. However, future results may include favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our estimated tax liabilities in the period the assessments are determined or resolved or as such statutes are closed. Due to potential for resolution of federal, state and foreign examinations, and the expiration of various statutes of limitation, it is reasonably possible our gross unrecognized tax benefits may decrease within the next twelve months by a range of to million. The majority of this range relates to tax positions taken in foreign jurisdictions. 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 51 

Accrued penalties Interest expense 
 52 

12. 
 shares. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of common stock available for future issuance under the LTIP. 
 Pursuant to terms of the LTIP, we have issued to eligible participants restricted stock units RSUs ), performance share awards PSAs and stock-only stock appreciation rights SOSARs ). 
 Restricted Stock Units RSUs and Performance Share Awards PSAs Awards of RSUs and PSAs are made under our LTIP. The vesting of RSUs is generally based on the passage of time, generally over a period or in certain instances the RSUs were issued with cliff vesting. PSAs are issued to members of management and vesting is based on achievement of cumulative financial performance targets covering a period followed by an additional service period. The performance measures include a minimum, target and maximum performance level providing the grantees an opportunity to receive more or less shares than targeted depending on actual financial Performance. In addition, PSA awards include a modifier based on the three-year total shareholder return relative to a broad market index. For RSUs, the grant date fair value of the awards, or the closing price per common share on the date of the award, is used to determine the amount of expense to be recognized over the applicable service period. For PSAs, the grant date fair value is estimated using a lattice model. The significant inputs include the stock price, volatility, dividend yield, and risk-free rate of return. Settlement of RSUs and PSAs will be made in shares of our common stock currently held in treasury. 
 In 2022, we issued awards to employees of RSUs and PSAs under our LTIP. In 2022, of fair value of the awards granted were RSUs, which vest based on the passage of time, generally over a graded period or, in certain instances, the RSUs were cliff vesting after one or . In addition, some awards vest over or less depending upon the retirement eligibility of the grantees in the LTIP. The remaining of the fair value of the awards granted in 2022 were PSAs. The PSAs awarded in 2022 vest based on either the achievement of cumulative financial performance targets covering a period or based on the total shareholder return relative to a broad market index. The performance measures include a minimum, target and maximum performance level providing the grantees an opportunity to receive more or less shares than targeted depending on actual financial performance. 
 In addition, in 2022, we issued PSAs and RSUs to our new CEO, Thomas Fahnemann, as part of his on-boarding compensation package. These PSAs have a service and performance requirement that is based on our stock price achieving certain levels during the performance period. Specifically, if the Company s closing stock price is or higher for consecutive days during the performance period, of the award is achieved. If the stock price exceeds per share for consecutive days during the performance period of the award is achieved. The RSUs vest over a period with vesting after and the remainder vesting after . 
 In 2022, in connection with his separation from the Company, certain unvested RSUs and PSAs of the former CEO were forfeited, and as a result, the Company recognized a stock-based compensation benefit of approximately million which is included in Selling, general and administrative expense on the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 For RSUs, the grant date fair value of the awards, or the closing price per common share on the date of the award, is used to determine the amount of expense to be recognized over the applicable service period. For PSAs, the grant date fair value is estimated using a lattice model. The significant inputs include the stock price, volatility, dividend yield, and risk-free rate of return. Settlement of RSUs and PSAs will be made in shares of our common stock currently held in treasury. 
 Granted Forfeited ) ) ) Shares delivered ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 
 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 53 

The amount granted in 2022, 2021 and 2020 includes , and PSAs, respectively, exclusive of reinvested dividends. The weighted average grant date fair value per unit for awards in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation expense for outstanding RSUs and PSAs totaled million. The weighted average remaining period over which the expense will be recognized is years. 
 Stock Only Stock Appreciation Rights 
 The following table sets forth information related to outstanding SOSARs: 
 Granted Exercised ) ) Canceled / forfeited ) ) Outstanding at December 31, 
 Exercisable at December 31, 
 Vested and expected to vest Compensation expense (in thousands) 
 
 SOSARs were issued during any of the past three years. As of December 31, 2022, all issued SOSARs were vested and the intrinsic value of SOSARs was and the remaining weighted average contractual life of outstanding SOSARs was years. 
 
 13. 
 of a participant s annual eligible compensation that is in excess of the Internal Revenue Code compensation limit for 401(k) plans. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the remaining non-contributory pension plans are unfunded non-qualified plans. Non-U.S. benefits were based on average salary and years of service. We use a December 31-measurement date for all of our defined benefit plans. 
 We also provide certain health care benefits to eligible U.S.-based retired employees. Participation in the plan is closed to any salaried employees hired after December 31, 2006. For retirees prior to age 65, these benefits consists of either a Company provided fixed contribution, as determined on an annual basis, to the participant s health reimbursement account or providing group medical insurance coverage with a subsidy cap of per year, as determined by date of retirement. For certain retirees over age 65, these benefits consists of a fixed payment to defray the costs of Medicare. 
 54 

Service cost Interest cost Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Plan amendments Actuarial (gain)/loss ) ) ) Effect of currency rate changes ) ) Balance at end of year Change in Plan Assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Total contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status at end of year ) ) ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, the non-qualified plans have an unfunded projected benefit obligation of million.) ) ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) ) ) Net amount recognized ) ) ) )) ) ) ) Net actuarial gain (loss) ) ) ) 
 
 The discount rates set forth above were estimated based on the modeling of expected cash flows for each of our benefit plans and selecting a portfolio of high-quality debt instruments with maturities matching the respective cash flows of each plan. The resulting discount rates as of December 31, 2022 ranged from to for pension plans and was for the other benefit plans. 
 Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 55 

Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of actuarial loss Total net periodic benefit expense Other Benefits Service cost Interest cost Amortization of prior service credit ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss (gain) ) Total net periodic benefit income ) )) ) Recognized prior service costs ) ) Recognized actuarial losses ) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive (income) loss ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive loss ) Other Benefits Actuarial (gain) loss ) Amortization of actuarial loss ) Total recognized in other comprehensive loss ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive loss ) 
 Other Benefits Discount rate benefit expense 

56 

Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate) Year that the rate reaches the ultimate rate 2037 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 through 2032 
 The 2023 expected payments include the expected distribution to the former CEO under the Final Average Compensation Pension plan in connection with their separation from the Company in 2022. 
 Defined Contribution Plans We maintain 401(k) plans for substantially all U.S.-based employees. Employees may contribute up to of their earnings, subject to certain restrictions. We currently provide a minimum company contribution equal to of eligible compensation. In addition, we have provided discretionary contributions resulting in total contributions equal to , and of compensation in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The expense associated with our 401(k) plan was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 14. 
 In-process and finished Supplies Total 
 
 15. 
 Building Machinery, equipment other Accumulated depreciation ) ) Construction in progress Total 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had million and million, respectively, of accrued capital expenditures. 
 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 57 

16. 
 ) Composite Fibers ) ) Spunlace ) ) ) Total ) ) ) Other Intangible Assets December 31, 2021 Impairment Amortization Translation December 31, 2022 Airlaid Materials Tradename ) Accumulated amortization ) ) ) Net ) ) Technology and related ) Accumulated amortization ) ) ) Net ) ) Customer relationships and related ) Accumulated amortization ) ) ) Net ) ) Composite Fibers Tradename - non-amortizing ) ) Technology and related ) ) Accumulated amortization ) ) Net ) ) ) Customer relationships and related ) ) Accumulated amortization ) ) Net ) ) ) Spunlace Products and Tradenames ) Accumulated amortization ) ) ) ) Net ) ) Technology and related ) Accumulated amortization ) ) ) ) Net ) ) Customer relationships and related ) Accumulated amortization ) ) ) ) Net ) ) Total intangibles ) ) Total accumulated amortization ) ) ) Net intangibles ) ) ) 

58 

Estimated amortization expense: 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 Intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis. We amortize trade and product names over years to years; technical know-how over years to years; and customer relationships over years to years. The remaining weighted average useful life of intangible assets was years at December 31, 2022. 
 
 17. 
 Deferred taxes Restricted cash Other Total 
 
 18. 
 Income taxes payable Accrued rebates Other accrued expenses Total 
 
 19. 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 59 

Weighted average discount rate Weighted average remaining maturity years 
 
 The following table sets forth operating lease expense for the periods indicated: 
 December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 Operating lease expense 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 20. 
 Senior Notes, due Oct. 2029 
 Term loan, due Feb 2024 
 Term Loan, due Jun 2022 
 Term Loan, due Mar 2023 
 Term Loan, due Jun 2023 
 Term Loan, due Sep 2025 
 Term Loan, due Mar 2024 
 Term Loan, due Jul 2023 
 Total long-term debt Less current portion ) ) Unamortized deferred issuance costs ) ) Long-term debt, net of current portion 
 On September 2, 2021, we entered into a restatement agreement as part of a Fourth Amended and Restated million Revolving Credit Facility and a million Term Loan (collectively, the Credit Facility which matures September 6, 2026 and February 8, 2024, respectively. 
 Revolving Loans borrowings are available in U.S. Dollars, Euros, British Pound Sterling, and Canadian Dollars and the borrowing of Term Loans are available in Euros. The principal amount of the Term Loan amortizes in consecutive quarterly installments of principal, with each such quarterly installment to be in an amount equal to of the Term Loan funded. 
 On May 9, 2022, we entered into an amendment to the Credit Agreement. The amendment: i) increases the permitted maximum ratio of consolidated total net debt to consolidated adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio ii) increases the maximum interest rate borrowing margin to be applied to the applicable index by basis points; and iii) pledges as collateral substantially all domestic assets to secure obligations owed under the Credit Agreement. As amended, we are obligated to maintain a maximum ratio of consolidated total net debt to consolidated adjusted EBITDA of to 1.0 until the quarter ended December 31, 2023, after which the maximum leverage ratio steps down to to 1.0. 
 60 

basis points; or iii) the daily Euro-rate plus basis points plus an applicable spread over either i), ii) or iii) ranging from basis points to basis points based on the Company s leverage ratio and its corporate credit ratings determined by Standard Poor s Rating Services and Moody s Investor Service, Inc. (the Corporate Credit Rating or (b) the daily Euro-rate or EURIBOR-rate plus an applicable margin ranging from basis points to basis points based on the Company s leverage ratio and the Corporate Credit Rating. For the Term Loan and non-U.S. Dollar denominated borrowings, interest is based on (b) above. 
 The Credit Agreement contains a number of customary covenants for financings of this type that, among other things, restrict our ability to dispose of or create liens on assets, incur additional indebtedness, limits certain intercompany financing arrangements, make acquisitions and engage in mergers or consolidations. The Credit Agreement also contains covenants requiring a minimum interest coverage ratio and provisions limiting our ability to, among other things, (i) incur debt and guaranty obligations, (ii) incur liens, (iii) make loans, advances, investments and acquisitions, (iv) merge or liquidate, or (v) sell or transfer assets. 
 All remaining principal outstanding and accrued interest under the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan will be due and payable on September 2, 2026 and February 8, 2024, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the leverage ratio, as calculated in accordance with the definition in our Credit Agreement, was x. A breach of these requirements would give rise to certain remedies under the Revolving Credit Facility, among which is the termination of the agreement. 
 On October 25, 2021, we issued million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2029 (the Notes ). The Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis, jointly and severally, by each of our existing and future domestic restricted subsidiaries that guarantees our obligations under the Credit Agreement, and/or certain other indebtedness (the Guarantees ). 
 The Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture dated as of October 25, 2021 (the Base Indenture ), as supplemented by the supplemental indenture dated as of October 25, 2021 (the Supplemental Indenture and, together with the Base Indenture, the Indenture among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company party thereto (the Guarantors and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee. 
 The net proceeds from the offering of the Notes, together with cash on hand, were used to pay the purchase price of the Jacob Holm acquisition, to repay certain indebtedness of Jacob Holm, to repay outstanding revolving borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, and to pay estimated fees and expenses. 
 The Notes will mature on November 15, 2029. Interest on the Notes accrues at the rate of per annum and is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, commencing on May 15, 2022. 
 The Notes are redeemable, in whole or in part, at any time at the redemption prices specified in the underlying indenture. Prior to November 15, 2024, we may redeem some or all of the Notes at a "make-whole" premium as specified. 
 The Notes contain various covenants customary to indebtedness of this nature, including limitations on i) the amount of indebtedness that may be incurred; ii) certain restricted payments including common stock dividends; iii) distributions from certain subsidiaries; iv) sales of assets; v) transactions amongst subsidiaries; and vi) incurrence of liens on assets. In addition, the Notes contain cross default provisions that could result in all such notes becoming due and payable in the event of a failure to repay debt outstanding under the Credit Agreement at maturity or a default under the Credit Agreement that accelerates the debt outstanding thereunder. As of December 31, 2022, we met all of the requirements of our debt covenants. 
 Glatfelter Gernsbach GmbH Gernsbach ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours, entered into a series of borrowing agreements with IKB Deutsche Industriebank AG, D sseldorf IKB ). Each of the borrowings require quarterly repayments of principal and interest and provide for representations, warranties and covenants customary for financings of these types. The financial covenants contained in each of the IKB loans, which relate to the minimum ratio of consolidated EBITDA to consolidated interest expense and the maximum ratio of consolidated total net debt to consolidated adjusted EBITDA, will be calculated by reference to our Credit Agreement. 
 In 2021, Gernsbach also entered into fixed-rate non-amortizing term loans with certain financial institutions. Similar to the IKB loans discussed above, the financial covenants of these borrowings are calculated by reference to the Credit Agreement. 
 Aggregated unamortized deferred debt issuance costs incurred in connection with all of our outstanding debt totaled million at December 31, 2022. The deferred costs are being amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 61 

million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Glatfelter Corporation guarantees all debt obligations of its subsidiaries. All such obligations are recorded in these consolidated financial statements. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had million and million, respectively, of letters of credit issued to us by certain financial institutions. The letters of credit, which reduce amounts available under our revolving credit facility, provide financial assurances for the performance of long-term monitoring activities associated with the Fox River environmental matter and for the benefit of certain state workers compensation insurance agencies in conjunction with our self-insurance program. We bear the credit risk on this amount to the extent that we do not comply with the provisions of certain agreements. amounts are outstanding under the letters of credit. 
 
 21. 
 
 Senior Notes, due Oct. 2029 
 Term loan, due Feb. 2024 Term Loan, due Jun. 2022 
 Term Loan, due Mar. 2023 
 Term Loan, due Jun. 2023 
 Term Loan, due Sep. 2025 
 Term Loan, due Mar. 2024 
 Term Loan, due Jul. 2023 
 Total long-term debt 
 The values set forth above are based on observable inputs and other relevant market data (Level 2). The fair value of financial derivatives is set forth below in Note 22 Financial Derivatives and Hedging Activities. 
 
 22. 
 62 

U.S. Dollar / British Pound U.S. Dollar / Euro Sell/Buy - buy notional Euro / Philippine Peso British Pound / Philippine Peso Euro / U.S. Dollar U.S. Dollar / Canadian Dollar 
 These contracts have maturities of or less. 
 On June 15, 2022, we terminated a million notional value floating-to-fixed interest rate swap agreement with certain financial institutions that was entered into in October 2019 and was to mature in December 2022. During the life of the swap, we paid a fixed interest rate of the applicable margin plus on million of the underlying variable rate term loan. We received the greater of or EURIBOR. At termination, we recognized a deferred gain of million that will be amortized into interest expense through December 2022. 
 Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments Net Investment Hedge The million Term Loan discussed in Note 20 Long-Term Debt is designated as a net investment hedge of our Euro functional currency foreign subsidiaries. During 2022, we recognized a pre-tax gain of million and in 2021 a pre-tax gain of million on the remeasurement of the term loan from changes in currency exchange rates. Such amounts are recorded as a component of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss). 
 On September 6, 2022, we terminated a million cross currency swap agreement with certain financial institutions that was entered into in March 2022 and was to mature in May 2025. Pursuant to the terms of the swap, we agreed to receive interest denominated in U.S. dollars and we agreed to pay interest denominated in euros. We designated the cross-currency swap as a hedge of our net investment in certain euro functional currency subsidiaries. We collected cash proceeds of approximately million upon termination. The gain associated with the swap remains in accumulated other comprehensive loss. 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments - Foreign Currency Hedges We also enter into forward foreign exchange contracts to mitigate the impact changes in currency exchange rates have on balance sheet monetary assets and liabilities. None of these contracts are designated as hedges for financial accounting purposes and, accordingly, changes in value of the foreign exchange forward contracts and in the offsetting underlying on-balance-sheet transactions are reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss) under the caption Other, net. 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 63 

British Pound / Euro U.S. Dollar / Swiss Franc British Pound / Swiss Franc Euro / Swiss Franc Euro / U.S. Dollar Sell/Buy - buy notional Euro / U.S. Dollar British Pound / Euro Swiss Franc / Euro Swiss Franc / U.S. Dollar Chinese Yuan / U.S. Dollar 
 These contracts have maturities of from the date originally entered into. 
 Interest rate swap Not designated as hedging: Forward foreign currency exchange contracts 
 The amounts set forth in the table above represent the net asset or liability giving effect to rights of offset with each counterparty.) ) ) Interest expense ) Not designated as hedging: Forward foreign currency exchange contracts: Other net 
 The impact of activity not designated as hedging was substantially all offset by the remeasurement of the underlying on-balance sheet item. 
 The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described in Note 2 Accounting Policies . 
 64 

) Deferred gains on cash flow hedges Reclassified to earnings ) ) Balance at December 31, 
 We expect substantially all of the amounts recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income will be realized in results of operations within the next twelve to and the amount ultimately recognized will vary depending on actual market rates. 
 Credit risk related to derivative activity arises in the event a counterparty fails to meet its obligations to us. This exposure is generally limited to the amounts, if any, by which the counterparty s obligations exceed our obligation to them. Our policy is to enter into contracts only with financial institutions which meet certain minimum credit ratings. 
 
 23. 
 Treasury shares issued for: Restricted stock awards Employee stock options exercised Shares outstanding at end of year 
 
 24. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Other contractual obligations primarily represent unconditional purchase obligations under energy supply contracts. At December 31, 2022, required minimum annual payments due under operating leases and other similar contractual obligations aggregated million and million, respectively. 
 Fox River - Neenah, Wisconsin 
 Background We have previously reported that we face liabilities associated with environmental claims arising out of the presence of polychlorinated biphenyls PCBs in sediments in the lower Fox River, on which our former Neenah facility was located, and in the Bay of Green Bay, Wisconsin (collectively, the Site ). Since the early 1990s, the United States, the State of Wisconsin and two Indian tribes (collectively, the Governments have pursued a cleanup of a 39-mile stretch of river from Little Lake Butte des Morts into Green Bay and natural resource damages NRDs ). The United States originally notified several entities that they were potentially responsible parties PRPs however, after giving 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 65 

operable units, including the most upstream portion of the Site on which our facility was located OU1 and four downstream reaches of the river and bay OU2-5 ). 
 Over the past several years, we and certain other PRPs completed all remedial actions pursuant to applicable consent decrees or a Unilateral Administrative Order. In January 2019, we reached an agreement with the United States, the State of Wisconsin, and Georgia-Pacific to resolve all remaining claims among those parties. Under the Glatfelter consent decree, we are primarily responsible for long-term monitoring and maintenance in OU2-OU4a and for reimbursement of government oversight costs paid after October 2018. Finally, we remain responsible for our obligation to continue long-term monitoring and maintenance under our OU1 consent decree. 
 Cost estimates Our remaining obligations under the OU1 consent decree consist of long-term monitoring and maintenance. Furthermore, we are primarily responsible for long-term monitoring and maintenance in OU2-OU4a over a period of at least years. The monitoring activities consist of, among others, testing fish tissue, sampling water quality and sediment, and inspections of the engineered caps. In 2018, we entered into a fixed-price, agreement with a third party for the performance of all of our monitoring and maintenance obligations in OU1 through OU4a with limited exceptions, such as, for extraordinary amounts of cap maintenance or replacement. Our obligation under this agreement is included in our total reserve for the Site. We are obligated to make the regular payments under that fixed-price contract until the remaining amount due is less than the OU1 escrow account balance. We are permitted to pay for this contract using the remaining balance of the escrow account established by us and WTM I Company WTM I another PRP, under the OU1 consent decree during any period that the balance in the escrow account exceeds the amount due under our fixed-price contract. As of December 31, 2022, the escrow account balance, which is included in the consolidated balance sheet under the caption Other assets totaled million which is less than amounts due under the fixed-price contract by approximately million. Our obligation to pay this difference is secured by a letter of credit. 
 Under the consent decree, we are responsible for reimbursement of government oversight costs paid from October 2018 and later over approximately the next years. 
 Payments ) ) Accretion Balance at December 31, 
 The payments set forth above represent payments for government oversight costs for amounts due under the long-term monitoring and maintenance agreement. Of our total reserve for the Fox River, million is recorded in the accompanying December 31, 2022, consolidated balance sheet under the caption and the remaining million is recorded under the caption . 
 Range of Reasonably Possible Outcomes . Based on our analysis of all available information, including but not limited to decisions of the courts, official documents such as records of decision, discussions with legal counsel, cost estimates for future monitoring and maintenance and other post-remediation costs to be performed at the Site, we do not believe that our costs associated with the Fox River matter could exceed the aggregate amounts accrued by a material amount. 
 66 

Composite Fibers Spunlace Total Operating income (loss) Airlaid Material Composite Fibers Spunlace ) ) Other and unallocated ) ) ) Total ) Depreciation and amortization Airlaid Material Composite Fibers Spunlace Other and unallocated Total Capital expenditures Airlaid Material Composite Fibers Spunlace Other and unallocated Total Tons shipped (metric) Airlaid Material Composite Fibers Spunlace Total Plant, equipment and timberlands, net Airlaid Material Composite Fibers Spunlace Other and unallocated Total 
 
 Results of individual operating segments are presented based on our management accounting practices and management structure. There is no comprehensive, authoritative body of guidance for management accounting equivalent to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; therefore, the financial results of individual segments are not necessarily comparable with similar information for any other company. The management accounting process uses assumptions and allocations to measure performance of the operating segments. Methodologies are refined from time to time as management accounting practices are enhanced and businesses change. The costs incurred by support 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 67 

, and , respectively, of our consolidated net sales were from sales to Procter Gamble Company, a customer in the Airlaid Materials and Spunlace segments. 
 Germany United Kingdom Canada Other Total 
 68 

million of senior secured term loans (the Term Loans ), which the Company will use, in part, to refinance its million term loan that matures in February 2024. The Term Loans will be borrowed by Glatfelter Luxembourg S. r.l. and guaranteed by the Company and substantially all of its subsidiaries located in the United States, Canada, Germany, England Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland, Luxembourg, Malta and Switzerland. The Term Loans will be secured on a first lien basis by the German, English Welsh, Scottish and Northern Irish, Luxembourg, Maltese and Swiss loan parties assets, and on a second lien basis by the United States and Canadian loan parties assets, in each case subject to customary exceptions and limitations. 
 
 The Term Loans will mature in March 2029 and bear interest at a fixed rate of , of which the Company can elect to pay up to in kind during the initial months after closing, and will not be subject to any amortization requirements. The Term Loans will be subject to a make-whole premium for the initial months after closing, will be callable at a premium in months 19 to 36, a premium in months 37 to 48, and at par thereafter. 
 
 The credit agreement for the Term Loans is expected to contain representations, warranties, covenants and events of default based on the respective provisions in the Existing Revolving Credit Facility, subject to customary exceptions and limitations for this type of financing. 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 69 

ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer have, after evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)), as of December 31, 2022, concluded that, as of the evaluation date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management s report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) and the related report of our independent registered public accounting firm are included in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we completed the implementation of new enterprise resource planning and manufacturing systems for our Spunlace s Asheville, North Carolina, U.S.A and Soultz, France locations. In addition, we incorporated Spunlace s internal controls into our control structure. The integration of Spunlace s internal controls is considered a material change in our internal control over financial reporting. There were no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 None. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Directors The information with respect to directors required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement, to be dated on or about March 30, 2023. Our board of directors has determined that, based on the relevant experience of the members of the Audit Committee, four of the five members are audit committee financial experts as this term is set forth in the applicable regulations of the SEC. 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant The information with respect to the executive officers required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to Executive Officers as set forth in Part I, page 12 of this report. 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Ethics for the CEO and Senior Financial Officers (the Code of Business Ethics in compliance with applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that applies to our chief executive officer, chief financial officer and our principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A copy of the Code of Business Ethics is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is available on our website, free of charge, at www.glatfelter.com. 
 70 

ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement, to be dated on or about March 30, 2023. 

ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 
 The information required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement, to be dated on or about March 30, 2023. 

ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement, to be dated on or about March 30, 2023. 

ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement, to be dated on or about March 30, 2023. 
 Our Chief Executive Officer has certified to the New York Stock Exchange that he is not aware of any violations by the Company of the NYSE corporate governance listing standards. 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 71 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) 1. Our Consolidated Financial Statements as follows are included in Part II, Item 8: i. Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 ii. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 iii. Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 iv. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 v. Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 vi. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (a) 2. Financial Statement Schedules (Consolidated) included in Part IV: i. Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts - for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (a) 3. Exhibits See Index to Exhibits 
 
 ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None 
 Index to Exhibits 
 Item 15(a)(3) 
 Exhibit Incorporated by Reference to Number Description of Documents Exhibit Filing 2.1 Share Purchase Agreement, dated July 22, 2021, by and among Glatfelter Corporation, PHG Tea Leaves, Inc., Ammon Ammon AG and the ultimate owners of Ammon Ammon AG 
 2.1 Form 8-K filed July 23, 2021 2.2 Share Purchase Agreement, dated January 5, 2021, by and between GPPC Equity Holdings LLC and Glatfelter Corporation 
 2.3 Form 10-K filed Feb. 25, 2021 3.1 Glatfelter Corporation Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 3.2 Form 8-K filed November 18, 2022 3.2 Glatfelter Corporation Amended and Restated By-Laws (Amended and Restated as of December 2, 2022) 
 3.1 Form 8-K/A filed December 6, 2022 4.1 Indenture, dated as of October 25, 2021, among Glatfelter Corporation, the subsidiaries of Glatfelter Corporation party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee. 
 4.1 Form 8-K filed Oct. 25, 2021 4.2 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 25, 2021, among Glatfelter Corporation, the subsidiaries of Glatfelter Corporation party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee. 
 4.2 Form 8-K filed Oct. 25, 2021 4.3 Form of 4.750 Senior Note due 2029 (included as Exhibit A to the Supplemental Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.2). 
 4.2 Form 8-K filed Oct. 25, 2021 4.4 Description of securities, filed herewith. 
 10.1 Glatfelter Corporation 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 99.1 Form S-8 filed May 11, 2022 10.2 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Certificate (form effective as of May 5, 2022) 
 10.3 Form 10-Q filed August 2, 2022 10.3 Form of Performance Share Award Certificate (form effective as of May 5, 2022) 
 10.4 Form 10-Q filed August 2, 2022 10.4 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Certificate for CEO (form effective as of May 5, 2022) 
 10.5 Form 10-Q filed August 2, 2022 10.5 Form of Performance Share Award Certificate for CEO (form effective as of May 5, 2022) 
 10.6 Form 10-Q filed August 2, 2022 10.6 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Certificate (form effective as of May 5, 2022) 
 10.7 Form 10-Q filed August 2, 2022 10.7 Fourth Restatement Agreement, dated September 2, 2021, by and among Glatfelter Corporation, PNC Bank National Association, and the other lenders party thereto (the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement is appended as Exhibit A to the Fourth Restatement Agreement). 
 10.1 Form 8-K filed Sep. 2, 2021 10.8 First Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 10.1 Form 8-K filed May 10, 2022 
 72 

10.9 Loan Agreement, dated April 11, 2013, by and among Glatfelter Gernsbach GmbH Co. KG. and IKB Deutsche Industriebank AG, D sseldorf. 
 10.1 Form 10-Q filed May 9, 2013 10.10 Guaranty, dated April 17, 2013, executed by the P. H. Glatfelter Company (as Guarantor) in favor of IKB Deutsche Industriebank AG. 
 10.2 Form 10-Q filed May 9, 2013 10.11 P. H. Glatfelter Company Amended and Restated 2005 Management Incentive Plan, effective January 1, 2015. 
 10.1 Form 8-K filed May 8, 2015 10.12 P. H. Glatfelter Company Supplemental Long Term Disability Plan, dated February 25, 2014, between P. H. Glatfelter Company and certain employees. 
 10.1 Form 10-Q filed May 2, 2014 10.13 P. H. Glatfelter Company Supplemental Management Pension Plan (amended and restated effective January 1, 2008). 
 10(d) Form 10-K filed Mar. 8, 2013 10.14 P. H. Glatfelter Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (Amended and Restated). 
 10.1 Form 10-Q filed Jul. 30, 2019 10.15 Amendment No. 2019-1 to the P. H. Glatfelter Company Supplemental Management Pension Plan. 
 10.2 Form 10-Q filed Jul. 30, 2019 10.16 Glatfelter Switzerland S rl Retirement Pension Plan for management employees. 
 10.12 Form 10-K filed Feb. 26, 2020 10.17 Form of Stock-Only Stock Appreciation Right Award Certificate (form effective February 26, 2014). 
 10.3 Form 10-Q filed May 2, 2014 10.18 Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement by and between P. H. Glatfelter Company and Dante C. Parrini, dated July 2, 2010. 
 10.1 Form 8-K filed Jul. 6, 2010 10.19 Long Term Employment Contract between Glatfelter Switzerland Gmbh, a wholly-owned subsidiary, and Wolfgang Laures, effective January 1, 2020. 
 10.21 Form 10-K filed Feb. 26, 2020 10.20 Form of Change in Control Employment Agreement by and between P. H. Glatfelter Company and certain employees (form effective as of March 7, 2008). 
 10(j) Form 10-K filed Mar. 13, 2009 10.21 Form of Change in Control Employment Agreement by and between P. H. Glatfelter Company and certain employees (form effective as of August 5, 2013). 
 10(q) Form 10-K filed Mar. 3, 2014 10.22 Schedule of Change in Control Employment Agreements. 
 10.22 Form 10-K filed Feb. 25, 2022 10.23 Summary of Non-Employee Director Compensation, effective January 1, 2020. 
 10.25 Form 10-K filed Feb. 26, 2020 10.24 P. H. Glatfelter Company Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors, effective as of January 1, 2007. 
 10(k) Form 10-K filed Mar. 8, 2013 10.25 Form of Director s and Officer s Indemnification Agreement. 
 10.1 Form 8-K filed Dec. 19, 2017 10.26 Guidelines for Executive Severance. 
 10.2 Form 8-K filed . Jul. 6, 2010 10.27 Consent Decree between P. H. Glatfelter Company, Georgia-Pacific Consumer Products LP, the United States of America and the State of Wisconsin, dated March 14, 2019. 
 10.2 Form 10-Q filed Apr. 30, 2019 14.1 Code of Business Ethics for the CEO and Senior Financial Officers of Glatfelter. 
 14.1 Form 10-K filed Feb. 25, 2022 21.1 Subsidiaries of Glatfelter Corporation, filed herewith. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, filed herewith. 
 31.1 Certification of Thomas M. Fahnemann, President and Chief Executive Officer of Glatfelter, pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith. 
 31.2 Certification of Ramesh Shettigar, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Glatfelter, pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith. 
 32.1 Certification of Thomas M. Fahnemann, President and Chief Executive Officer of Glatfelter, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, furnished herewith. 
 32.2 Certification of Ramesh Shettigar, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Glatfelter, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, furnished herewith. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data file because its iXBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as an inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 ________________________________ 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 73 

Certain schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Glatfelter Corporation agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of such schedules, or any section thereof, to the SEC upon request. 
 Portions of this exhibit and the exhibits and schedules thereto, marked by brackets, have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan 
 74 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 GLATFELTER CORPORATION 
 (Registrant) 
 February 27, 2023 
 By /s/ Thomas M. Fahnemann Thomas M. Fahnemann President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 Date Signature Capacity February 27, 2023 
 /s/ Thomas M. Fahnemann Principal Executive Officer and Director Thomas M. Fahnemann President and Chief Executive Officer February 27, 2023 
 /s/ Ramesh Shettigar Principal Financial Officer Ramesh Shettigar 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 February 27, 2023 
 /s/ David C. Elder Principal Accounting Officer David C. Elder 
 Vice President, Finance and Chief Accounting Officer 
 February 27, 2023 
 /s/ Kevin M. Fogarty Non-Executive Board Chair Kevin M. Fogarty February 27, 2023 
 /s/ Bruce Brown Director Bruce Brown February 27, 2023 
 /s/ Kathleen A. Dahlberg Director Kathleen A. Dahlberg February 27, 2023 
 /s/ Marie T. Gallagher Director Marie T. Gallagher February 27, 2023 
 /s/ Darrel Hackett Director Darrel Hackett February 27, 2023 
 /s/ J. Robert Hall Director J. Robert Hall February 27, 2023 
 /s/ Lee C. Stewart Director Lee C. Stewart 
 GLATFELTER 2022 FORM 10-K 75 

Schedule II 
 Provision Write-offs, recoveries and discounts allowed ) ) ) ) ) ) Other (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 The provision for doubtful accounts is included in selling, general and administrative expense and the provision for sales discounts and deductions is deducted from sales. The related allowances are deducted from accounts receivable. 
 (1) Relates primarily to changes in currency exchange rates. 
 76 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 ex-44x123122.htm
 EX-4.4

Document 
 
 Exhibit 4.4 

 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The following is a description of the common stock of Glatfelter Corporation (the Company , we or our ), which is the only security of the Company registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 
 General 
 
 We are incorporated in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the rights of our shareholders are generally covered by our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the Articles ), our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law PBCL ). 
 
 This description of our common stock is qualified by, and should be read in conjunction with, the Articles and the Bylaws, both of which are exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit forms a part, as well as the applicable provisions of the PBCL. 
 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 120,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 40,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 50.00 per share. All outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 
 Description of Common Stock 
 
 Voting Rights . Holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by our shareholders. 
 
 Dividends and Other Distributions . The holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends and other distributions as may be declared by our Board of Directors (the Board ), subject to the preferential rights of any outstanding preferred stock. 
 
 Liquidation Rights . In the event of our liquidation, the holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in any assets remaining after payment of all debts and other liabilities, subject to the preferential rights of any outstanding preferred stock. 
 
 Other Rights . Holders of common stock have no preemptive, conversion, subscription or other rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 The Board may, without shareholder approval, issue up to 40,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and, subject to the PBCL, may fix the designations and the powers, preferences and rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of any series of preferred stock, including, without limitation 
 
 Designation of such series 
 Dividend rates 
 Redemption prices, terms and conditions 
 Amounts payable upon voluntary or involuntary liquidation 
 Voting rights 
 Conversion rights and 

Exhibit 4.4 

 Sinking fund and stock purchase prices, terms and conditions. 
 
 The issuance of shares of preferred stock could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of shares of our common stock and could adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting powers, of holders of shares of our common stock. 
 
 Certain Provisions of Our Articles and Bylaws 
 
 Certain provisions our Articles and Bylaws may make it more difficult for third parties to acquire control of us. These provisions, described below, are expected to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. They are also designed, in part, to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of the Company to first negotiate with the Board. 
 
 Blank Check Preferred Stock . The Board is authorized by the Articles to designate and issue, without shareholder approval, preferred stock with rights and preferences as the Board may determine. This ability to issue what is commonly referred to as blank check preferred stock, or rights to acquire such preferred stock, may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company or an unsolicited acquisition proposal. 
 
 Calling of Special Meetings . The Bylaws provide that special meetings of the shareholders may only be called by the Board or the Secretary of the Company, upon the written request of the record shareholders who hold, in the aggregate, not less than twenty percent (20 of the outstanding shares of the Company that would be entitled to vote at the meeting. 
 
 Removal of Directors . Except with regard to directors elected by any class or series of stock entitled to elect directors separately, any director may be removed from office, without assigning any cause, by the approval of shareholders. 
 
 Authority to Fill Board of Directors Vacancies . Under the Articles and the Bylaws, any vacancy on the Board shall only be filled by vote of a majority of our directors then in office, even if less than a quorum. 
 
 Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations and Proposals . The Bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to the proposal of business by a shareholder to be considered at an annual meeting of shareholders and the nomination by a shareholder of candidates for election as directors. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Statutes 
 
 We are governed by a set of interrelated provisions of the PBCL which are designed to support the validity of actions taken by the Board in response to takeover bids. These provisions may have the effect of making more difficult and thereby discouraging attempts to acquire control of our company in a transaction that the Board determines not to be in the best interests of our company. 
 
 Transactions with Interested Shareholders . We are subject to Section 2538 of Subchapter D of Chapter 25 of the PBCL which requires certain transactions with an interested shareholder to be approved by a majority of disinterested shareholders. Section 2538 defines interested shareholder generally to include any shareholder who is a party to the transaction or who is treated differently than other shareholders and affiliates of the corporation. 
 
 Fair Value Acquisitions Statute . We are subject to Subchapter E of Chapter 25 of the PBCL which requires a person, or group of persons acting in concert, who acquires 20 or more of the voting shares of a publicly traded corporation to offer to purchase the shares of any other shareholder at fair value (determined as provided in Section 2547 of the PBCL). 
 
 Affiliated Transactions Statute . We are subject to Subchapter F of Chapter 25 of the PBCL which effectively prohibits business combinations involving our company and an interested shareholder for a period of five years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested shareholder, unless either the 

Exhibit 4.4 

 business combination or the interested shareholder s acquisition of 20 of the outstanding voting stock is approved by the Board, in each case, prior to the date on which the shareholder first became an interested shareholder, or the business combination is approved by a specified vote of shareholders. Interested shareholder is defined generally as any beneficial owner of at least 20 of our outstanding voting stock. Under certain circumstances, Subchapter F of Chapter 25 of the PBCL makes it more difficult for an interested shareholder to effect various business combinations with us. 
 
 Control-Share Acquisitions . Our Bylaws explicitly provide that Subchapter G of Chapter 25 of the PBCL (relating to control-share acquisitions) shall not be applicable to the Company. 
 
 Disgorgement . Our Bylaws explicitly provide that Subchapter H of Chapter 25 of the PBCL (relating to disgorgement by certain controlling shareholders following attempts to acquire control) shall not be applicable to the Company. 
 
 Limitation of Liability Indemnification 
 
 The Bylaws contain certain provisions permitted under the PBCL relating to the liability of directors. These provisions eliminate a director s personal liability for monetary damages for any action taken or any failure to take action unless such director has breached or failed to perform the duties of his or her office and the breach or failure to perform constitutes self-dealing, willful misconduct or recklessness. The Bylaws also provide that we must indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by the PBCL. In addition, the Bylaws provide that expenses actually and reasonably incurred by a director or officer in defending a legal proceeding must be paid in advance by us prior to final disposition of the proceeding upon an undertaking by or on behalf of the director or officer to repay such amounts if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by us. 
 
 Listing of Common Stock 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol GLT . 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare. 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex211-123122.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 

 Significant Subsidiaries 
 Glatfelter Corporation 
 Name Jurisdiction Glatfelter Corporation (parent) U.S. (Pennsylvania) Glatfelter Advanced Materials N.A., LLC U.S. (Delaware) Glatfelter Caerphilly, Ltd. United Kingdom Glatfelter Costa Rica, S.r.l. Costa Rica Glatfelter Composite Fibers NA, Inc. U.S. (Delaware) Glatfelter Dresden GmbH Germany Glatfelter Falkenhagen GmbH Germany Glatfelter Gatineau Lt e Canada Glatfelter Gernsbach GmbH Germany Glatfelter Holdings, LLC U.S. (Delaware) Glatfelter Ireland Limited Ireland Glatfelter Italia SRL Italy Glatfelter Luxembourg S. .r.l. Luxembourg Glatfelter Luxembourg Services S. .r.l. Luxembourg Glatfelter Lydney, Ltd. United Kingdom Glatfelter Malta Limited Malta Glatfelter Mt Holly LLC U.S. (Delaware) Glatfelter Ober-Schmitten GmbH Germany Glatfelter Russia LLC Russia Glatfelter Sca r SAS France Glatfelter Steinfurt GmbH Germany Glatfelter Switzerland S. .r.l Switzerland Glatfelter Trade (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. China Newtech Pulp, Inc. Philippines PHG Tea Leaves, Inc. U.S. (Delaware) Glatfelter Holding (Switzerland) AG Switzerland Glatfelter Holding (Denmark) A S Denmark Glatfelter Denmark A S Denmark Glatfelter Holding (Luxembourg) AG Luxembourg Glatfelter Sontara South Asia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Glatfelter Sontara Korea Co., Ltd. Korea Glatfelter Sontara Nonwovens (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Glatfelter Mexico S.A. de C.V. Mexico Glatfelter Sontara Argentina S.R.L. Argentina Glatfelter Industries Asheville, Inc. USA Glatfelter Industries (France) SAS France Glatfelter Sontara America, Inc. USA 

Exhibit 21.1 

 Glatfelter Sontara Old Hickory, Inc. USA Glatfelter TWIG America, Inc. USA Glatfelter Sontara Asturias S.A.U. Spain Glatfelter Sontara Switzerland AG Switzerland Glatfelter Sontara Japan G.K. Japan 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex-231x123122.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-256819 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-264855, 333-12089, 33-62331, and 333-26587 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 27, 2023, relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule of Glatfelter Corporation, and the effectiveness of Glatfelter Corporation s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 Charlotte, North Carolina 
 February 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex311-123122.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 EX-31.1 2 glt-ex311_8.htm EX-31.1 
 
 EXHIBIT 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 (a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Thomas M. Fahnemann certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Glatfelter Corporation and subsidiaries Glatfelter 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 
 4. Glatfelter s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for Glatfelter and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to Glatfelter, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of Glatfelter s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in Glatfelter s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during Glatfelter s most recent fiscal quarter (the fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, Glatfelter's internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. Glatfelter s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to Glatfelter s auditors and the audit committee of Glatfelter s board of directors (or persons performing similar functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect Glatfelter s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in Glatfelter s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 27, 2023 
 By s Thomas M. Fahnemann Thomas M. Fahnemann 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex312-123122.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 EX-31.2 3 glt-ex312_9.htm EX-31.2 
 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 (a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ramesh Shettigar, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Glatfelter Corporation and subsidiaries Glatfelter 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 
 4. Glatfelter s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for Glatfelter and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to Glatfelter, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of Glatfelter s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in Glatfelter s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during Glatfelter s most recent fiscal quarter (the fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, Glatfelter's internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. Glatfelter s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to Glatfelter s auditors and the audit committee of Glatfelter s board of directors (or persons performing similar functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect Glatfelter s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in Glatfelter s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 February 27, 2023 
 By s Ramesh Shettigar Ramesh Shettigar Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex321-123122.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 EX-32.1 4 glt-ex321_7.htm EX-32.1 
 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Glatfelter Corporation (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Thomas M. Fahnemann, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 
 1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Glatfelter and will be retained by Glatfelter and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 By s Thomas M. Fahnemann Thomas M. Fahnemann President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex322-123122.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 EX-32.2 5 glt-ex322_6.htm EX-32.2 
 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Glatfelter Corporation (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ramesh Shettigar Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 
 1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Glatfelter and will be retained by Glatfelter and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 By s Ramesh Shettigar Ramesh Shettigar Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 glt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 glt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 glt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 glt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 glt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

