<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_89439_0000089439-23-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17326290</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>230942</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2759680</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6387915</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3928064</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3679680</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000089439-23-000016.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228161057
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000089439-23-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MUELLER INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000089439
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ROLLING DRAWING & EXTRUDING OF NONFERROUS METALS [3350]
		IRS NUMBER:				250790410
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06770
		FILM NUMBER:		23685327

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 100
		STREET 2:		150 SCHILLING BOULEVARD
		CITY:			COLLIERVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(901)753-3200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 100
		STREET 2:		150 SCHILLING BOULEVARD
		CITY:			COLLIERVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SHARON STEEL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19910103

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000089439-23-000016.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 mli-20221231.htm
 10-K

mli-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ______ to ______ Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by a check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Yes No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Yes No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was . 
 
 The number of shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding as of February 23, 2023 was excludin g 23,158,278 treasury shares. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

MUELLER INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 
 _____________________ 
 
 As used in this report, the terms we, us, our, Company, Mueller, and Registrant mean Mueller Industries, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole, unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 
 ____________________ 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Part I Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 9 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 10 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 11 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 11 
 Part II Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 12 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 14 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 14 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 14 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 14 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 14 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 15 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 17 
 Part III Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 17 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 17 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 17 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 18 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 18 
 Part IV Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 19 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 20 
 Signatures 
 21 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 1 

2 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Introduction 
 
 Mueller Industries, Inc. (the Company) is a leading manufacturer of copper, brass, aluminum, and plastic products. The range of products we manufacture is broad: copper tube and fittings; line sets; PEX plastic tube and fittings; steel nipples; brass rod, bar, and shapes; aluminum and brass forgings; aluminum impact extrusions; compressed gas valves; refrigeration valves and fittings; pressure vessels; coaxial heat exchangers; and insulated flexible duct systems. We also resell brass and plastic plumbing valves, plastic fittings, malleable iron fittings, faucets, and plumbing specialty products. Our operations are located throughout the United States and in Canada, Mexico, Great Britain, South Korea, the Middle East, and China. The Company was incorporated in Delaware on October 3, 1990. 
 
 Each of our reportable segments is composed of certain operating segments that are aggregated primarily by the nature of products offered. These are the Piping Systems, Industrial Metals, and Climate segments. 
 
 Certain administrative expenses and expenses related primarily to retiree benefits at inactive operations are combined into the Corporate and Eliminations classification. 
 
 Financial information concerning segments and geographic information appears under Note 3 Segment Information in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 New housing starts and commercial construction are important determinants of our sales to the heating, ventilation, and air-conditioning (HVAC), refrigeration, and plumbing markets because the principal end use of a significant portion of our products is in the construction of single and multi-family housing and commercial buildings. Repairs and remodeling projects are also important drivers of underlying demand for these products. In addition, our products are used in various transportation, automotive, and industrial applications. 
 
 Piping Systems Segment 
 
 The Piping Systems segment is composed of Domestic Piping Systems Group, Great Lakes Copper (Great Lakes), Heatlink Group, European Operations, Trading Group, Jungwoo Metal Ind. Co., LTD (Jungwoo-Mueller), and Mueller Middle East BSC (Mueller Middle East). 
 
 The Domestic Piping Systems Group manufactures and distributes copper tube, fittings, line sets, and pipe nipples, and resells steel pipe, brass and plastic plumbing valves, malleable iron fittings and faucets, and plumbing specialties. These products are manufactured in the U.S., sold in the U.S., and exported to markets worldwide. Our copper tube ranges in size from 1/8 inch to 8 1/8 inch diameter and is sold in various straight lengths and coils. We are a market leader in the plumbing, air-conditioning and refrigeration service tube markets and we also supply a variety of water tube in straight lengths and coils used for plumbing applications in virtually every type of construction project. Our copper fittings, line sets, and related components are produced for the plumbing and heating industry to be used in water distribution systems, heating systems, air-conditioning, and refrigeration applications, and drainage, waste, and vent systems. 
 
 Great Lakes manufactures copper tube and line sets in Canada and sells the products primarily in the U.S. and Canada. Heatlink Group manufactures a complete line of products for PEX plumbing and radiant systems in Canada and sells these products in Canada and the U.S. European Operations manufactures copper tube in the United Kingdom, which is sold throughout Europe. The Trading Group manufactures steel pipe nipples and resells brass and plastic plumbing valves, malleable iron fittings, faucets, and plumbing specialty products to plumbing wholesalers, distributors to the manufactured housing and recreational vehicle industries, and building materials retailers in North America. Jungwoo-Mueller, our South Korean joint venture, manufactures copper-based joining products that are sold worldwide. Mueller Middle East, our Bahraini joint venture, manufactures copper tube and serves markets in the Middle East and Northern Africa. 
 
 We acquired Die-Mold Tool Limited (Die-Mold) on March 31, 2018 and Kessler Sales and Distribution on August 2, 2020, and increased our equity interest in Mueller Middle East to 55 percent on December 7, 2021. These acquisitions complement our existing businesses in the Piping Systems segment. 
 
 3 

We disposed of Die-Mold on September 2, 2021 in a contribution agreement with a limited liability company operating in the retail distribution business. Die-Mold manufactured PEX and other plumbing-related fittings and plastic injection tooling in Canada and sold these products in Canada and the U.S. 
 
 The segment sells products to wholesalers in the plumbing and refrigeration markets, distributors to the manufactured housing and recreational vehicle industries, building material retailers, and air-conditioning original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). It markets primarily through its own sales and distribution organization, which maintains sales offices and distribution centers throughout the United States and in Canada, Mexico, Great Britain, South Korea, and the Middle East. Additionally, products are sold and marketed through a complement of agents, which, when combined with our sales organization, provide the Company broad geographic market representation. 
 
 We compete with various companies, depending on the product line. In the U.S. copper tube business, domestic competition includes Cerro Flow Products LLC, and Cambridge-Lee Industries LLC (a subsidiary of Industrias Unidas S.A. de C.V.), as well as many actual and potential foreign competitors. In the European copper tube business, we compete with several European-based manufacturers of copper tube as well as other foreign-based manufacturers. In the Canadian copper tube business, our competitors include foreign-based manufacturers. In the copper fittings market, our domestic competitors include Elkhart Products Company (a subsidiary of Aalberts Industries N.V.) and NIBCO, Inc. We also compete with several foreign manufacturers. Additionally, our copper tube and fittings businesses compete with a large number of manufacturers of substitute products made from other metals and plastic. 
 
 Industrial Metals Segment 
 
 The In dustrial Metals segment is composed of Brass Rod, Impacts Micro Gauge, Brass Value-Added Products, and Precision Tube. 
 
 Brass Rod manufactures a broad range of brass rod and shapes in a variety of standard and lead-free alloys sold primarily to OEMs in the industrial, HVAC, plumbing, and refrigeration industries. We extrude brass, bronze, and copper alloy rod in sizes ranging from 3/8 inches to 4 inches in diameter. These alloys are used in applications that require a high degree of machinability, wear and corrosion resistance, as well as electrical conductivity. 
 
 Impacts Micro Gauge manufactures cold-form aluminum and copper products for automotive, industrial, and recreational components, as well as high-volume machining of aluminum, steel, brass, and cast iron impacts and castings for automotive applications. It sells its products primarily to OEMs in the U.S., serving the automotive, military ordnance, aerospace, and general manufacturing industries. Typical applications for impacts are high strength ordnance, high-conductivity electrical components, builders hardware, hydraulic systems, automotive parts, and other uses where toughness must be combined with varying complexities of design and finish. 
 
 Brass Value-Added Products manufactures brass and aluminum forgings; brass, aluminum, and stainless steel valves; fluid control solutions; and gas train assembles. Our forgings are used in a wide variety of products, including automotive components, brass fittings, industrial machinery, valve bodies, gear blanks, and computer hardware. Our valves, fluid control systems, and gas train assemblies are used in the compressed gas, pharmaceutical, construction, and gas appliance markets. 
 
 Precision Tube manufactures specialty copper, copper alloy, and aluminum tube. 
 
 We disposed of our Copper Bar business on October 25, 2021. 
 
 The segment sells its products primarily to domestic OEMs in the industrial, construction, HVAC, plumbing, and refrigeration markets. The total amount of order backlog for the Industrial Metals Segment as of December 31, 2022 was not significant. 
 
 Competitors, primarily in the brass rod market, include Wieland Chase, LLC, a subsidiary of Wieland-Werke AG, and several foreign manufacturers. 
 
 Climate Segment 
 
 The Climate segment is composed of Refrigeration Products, Westermeyer Industries, Inc. (Westermeyer), Turbotec Products, Inc. (Turbotec), Flex Duct, and Linesets, Inc. 
 
 Refrigeration Products designs and manufactures valves, protection devices, and brass fittings for various OEMs in the commercial HVAC and refrigeration marke ts. Westermeyer designs, manufactures, and distributes high-pressure components 
 4 

and accessories for the air-conditioning and refrigeration markets. Turbotec manufactures coaxial heat exchangers and twisted tubes for the HVAC, geothermal, refrigeration, swimming pool heat pump, marine, ice machine, commercial boiler, and heat reclamation markets. Flex Duct, which consists of ATCO Rubber Products, Inc. (ATCO) and H C Flex, manufactures and distributes insulated HVAC flexible duct sy stems. 
 
 We acquired ATCO on July 2, 2018, Shoals Tubular, Inc. (Shoals) on January 17, 2020, and H C Flex on January 29, 2021. These acquisitions complement our existing businesses in the Climate segment. 
 
 We disposed of Fabricated Tube Products and Shoals on July 28, 2021. Fabricated Tube Products manufactured tubular assemblies and fabrications for OEMs in the HVAC and refrigeration markets; Shoals manufactured brazed manifolds, headers, and distributor assemblies. 
 
 The segment sells predominantly to wholesalers and OEMs in the HVAC and refrigeration markets in the U.S. The total amount of order backlog for the Climate segment as of December 31, 2022 was not significant. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company employed approximately 5,137 employees, of which approximately 1,635 were represented by various unions. Those union contracts will expire as follows: 
 
 Location Expiration Date Port Huron, Michigan (Local 218 IAM) May 3, 2026 Wynne, Arkansas (MCTP) November 30, 2024 Port Huron, Michigan (Local 44 UAW) May 4, 2025 Wynne, Arkansas (B K LLC) August 5, 2024 Fulton, Mississippi October 2, 2025 University Park, Illinois June 20, 2024 Woodbridge, New Jersey April 30, 2023 
 
 The union agreements at the Company s U.K. and Mexico operations are renewed annually. The Company expects to renew its union contracts without material disruption to its operations. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 
 
 Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing, and integrating our existing and additional employees. The principal purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain, and motivate selected employees and directors through the granting of stock-based compensation awards. The health and safety of our employees is our high priority and in particular, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. We have taken additional measures to limit possible infections at the workplace. 
 
 Furthermore, we expect that our employees and members of our Board of Directors will conduct themselves ethically and properly as a matter of course and comply with the guidelines set forth on our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 
 
 Raw Material and Energy Availability 
 
 A substantial portion of our base metal requirements (primarily copper) is normally obtained through short-term supply contracts with competitive pricing provisions (for cathode) and the open market (for scrap). Other raw materials used in the production of brass, including brass scrap, zinc, tin, and lead are obtained from zinc and lead producers, open-market dealers, and customers with brass process scrap. Raw materials used in the fabrication of aluminum and plastic products are purchased in the open market from major producers. 
 
 Adequate supplies of raw material have historically been available to us from primary producers, metal brokers, and scrap dealers. Sufficient energy in the form of natural gas, fuel oils, and electricity is available to operate our production facilities. While temporary shortages of raw material and fuels may occur occasionally, to date they have not materially hampered our operations. 
 
 Our copper tube facilities can accommodate both refined copper and certain grades of copper scrap as the primary feedstock. The Company has commitments from refined copper producers for a portion of its metal requirements for 
 5 

2023. Adequate quantities of copper are currently available. While we will continue to react to market developments, resulting pricing volatility or supply disruptions, if any, could nonetheless adversely affect the Company. 
 
 Environmental Proceedings 
 
 Compliance with environmental laws and regulations is a matter of high priority for the Company. Mueller s provision for environmental matters related to all properties was 1.4 million for 2022, 5.0 million for 2021, and 4.2 million for 2020. The reserve for environmental matters was 20.5 million at December 31, 2022 and 27.4 million at December 25, 2021. Environmental expenses related to non-operating properties are presented below operating income in the Consolidated Statements of Income, and costs related to operating properties are included in cost of goods sold. We currently anticipate that we will need to make expenditures of approximately 6.8 million for compliance activities related to existing environmental matters during the next three fiscal years. 
 
 For a description of material pending environmental proceedings, see Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Other Business Factors 
 
 Our business is not materially dependent on patents, trademarks, licenses, franchises, or concessions held. In addition, expenditures for Company-sponsored research and development activities were not material during 2022, 2021, or 2020. No material portion of our business involves governmental contracts. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Our net sales typically moderate in the fourth quarter as a result of the seasonal construction markets and customer shutdowns for holidays, year-end plant maintenance, and physical inventory counts. Also, our working capital typically increases in the first quarter in preparation for the construction season. 
 
 SEC Filings 
 
 We make available through our internet website our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). To retrieve any of this information, you may access our internet home page at www.muellerindustries.com, select Investors, and then select SEC Filings. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 The Company is exposed to risk as it operates its businesses. To provide a framework to understand our operating environment, we are providing a brief explanation of the more significant risks associated with our businesses. Although we have tried to identify and discuss key risk factors, others could emerge in the future. These risk factors should be considered carefully when evaluating the Company and its businesses. 
 
 Risks Related to the Economy and Other External Factors 
 
 Increases in costs and the availability of energy and raw materials used in our products could impact our cost of goods sold and our distribution expenses, which could have a material adverse impact on our operating margins. 
 
 Both the costs of raw materials used in our manufactured products (copper, brass, zinc, aluminum, and plastic resins) and energy costs (electricity, natural gas and fuel) have been volatile during the last several years, which has resulted in changes in production and distribution costs. For example, recent and pending climate change regulation and initiatives on the state, regional, federal, and international levels that have focused on reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from the energy and utility sectors may affect energy availability and costs in the near future. While we typically attempt to pass costs through to our customers or to modify or adapt our activities to mitigate the impact of increases, we may not be able to do so successfully. Failure to fully pass increases to our customers or to modify or adapt our activities to mitigate the impact could have a material adverse impact on our operating margins. Additionally, if we are for any reason unable to obtain raw materials or energy, our ability to manufacture our products would be impacted, which could have a material adverse impact on our operating margins. 
 6 

Economic conditions in the housing and commercial construction industries, as well as inflation and changes in interest rates, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Our business is sensitive to changes in general economic conditions, particularly in the housing and commercial construction industries. Prices for our products are affected by overall supply and demand in the market for our products and for our competitors products. In particular, market prices of building products historically have been volatile and cyclical, and we may be unable to control the timing and extent of pricing changes for our products. Prolonged periods of weak demand or excess supply in any of our businesses could negatively affect our revenues and margins and could result in a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 The markets that we serve, including, in particular, the housing and commercial construction industries, are significantly affected by movements in interest rates and the availability of credit. Significantly higher interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Our businesses are also affected by a variety of other factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to, employment levels, foreign currency exchange rates, consumer confidence, and unforeseen inflationary pressures. In the last year, inflationary pressures have increased. Although we generally attempt to pass along higher raw material costs to our customers in the form of price increases, there can be a delay between an increase in our raw material costs and our ability to raise the prices of our products. Additionally, we may not be able to increase the prices of our products due to other factors including competitive pricing pressure. If the Company is unable to offset significant cost increases through customer price increases, productivity improvements, cost reduction or other programs, Mueller s business, operating results or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Since we operate in a variety of geographic areas, our businesses are subject to the economic conditions in each such area. General economic downturns or localized downturns in the regions where we have operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, the impact of economic conditions on the operations or liquidity of any party with which we conduct our business, including our suppliers and customers, may adversely impact our business. 
 
 Our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations on cross border transactions and the translation of local currency results into U.S. dollars could have an adverse impact on our results of operations or financial position. 
 
 We conduct our business through subsidiaries in several different countries and export our products to many countries. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates could have a significant impact on the competitiveness of our products as well as the reported results of our operations, which are presented in U.S. dollars. A portion of our products are manufactured in or acquired from suppliers located in lower cost regions. Cross border transactions, both with external parties and intercompany relationships, result in increased exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar could expose our U.S. based businesses to competitive threats from lower cost producers in other countries such as China. Lastly, our sales are translated into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar could result in unfavorable translation effects when the results of foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars. Accordingly, significant changes in exchange rates, particularly the British pound sterling, Mexican peso, Canadian dollar, South Korean won, and Bahraini dinar, could have an adverse impact on our results of operations or financial position. 
 
 Market and Competition Risks 
 
 Competitive conditions, including the impact of imports and substitute products and technologies, could have a material adverse effect on the demand for our products as well as our margins and profitability. 
 
 The markets we serve are competitive across all product lines. Some consolidation of customers has occurred and may continue, which could shift buying power to customers. In some cases, customers have moved production to low-cost countries such as China, or sourced components from there, which has reduced demand in North America for some of the products we manufacture. These conditions could have a material adverse impact on our ability to maintain margins and profitability. The potential threat of imports and substitute products is based upon many factors, including raw material prices, distribution costs, foreign exchange rates, production costs, and the development of emerging technologies and applications. The end use of alternative import and/or substitute products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Likewise, the development of new technologies and applications could result in lower demand for our products and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 7 

Litigation and Regulatory Risks 
 
 We are subject to claims, litigation, and regulatory proceedings that could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 We are, from time-to-time, involved in various claims, litigation matters, and regulatory proceedings. These matters may include contract disputes, personal injury claims, environmental claims and administrative actions, Occupational Safety and Health Administration inspections or proceedings, other tort claims, employment and tax matters and other litigation including class actions that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Although we intend to defend these matters vigorously, we cannot predict with certainty the outcome or effect of any claim or other litigation matter, and there can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome of any litigation or regulatory proceeding. Litigation and regulatory proceedings may have a material adverse effect on us because of potential adverse outcomes, defense costs, the diversion of our management s resources, availability of insurance coverage and other factors. 
 
 We are subject to environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations and future compliance may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 
 
 The nature of our operations exposes us to the risk of liabilities and claims with respect to environmental, health, and safety matters. While we have established accruals intended to cover the cost of environmental remediation at contaminated sites, the actual cost is difficult to determine and may exceed our estimated reserves. Further, changes to, or more rigorous enforcement or stringent interpretation of environmental or health and safety laws could require significant incremental costs to maintain compliance. Recent and pending climate change regulation and initiatives on the state, regional, federal, and international levels may require certain of our facilities to reduce GHG emissions. While not reasonably estimable at this time, this could require capital expenditures for environmental control facilities and/or the purchase of GHG emissions credits in the coming years. In addition, with respect to environmental matters, future claims may be asserted against us for, among other things, past acts or omissions at locations operated by predecessor entities, or alleging damage or injury or seeking other relief in connection with environmental matters associated with our operations. Future liabilities, claims, and compliance costs may have a material adverse effect on us because of potential adverse outcomes, defense costs, diversion of our resources, availability of insurance coverage, and other factors. The overall impact of these requirements on our operations could increase our costs and diminish our ability to compete with products that are produced in countries without such rigorous standards; the long run impact could negatively impact our results and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 
 A strike, other work stoppage or business interruption, or our inability to renew collective bargaining agreements on favorable terms, could impact our cost structure and our ability to operate our facilities and produce our products, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 We have a number of employees who are covered by collective bargaining or similar agreements. If we are unable to negotiate acceptable new agreements with the unions representing our employees upon expiration of existing contracts, we could experience strikes or other work stoppages. Strikes or other work stoppages could cause a significant disruption of operations at our facilities, which could have an adverse impact on us. New or renewal agreements with unions representing our employees could call for higher wages or benefits paid to union members, which would increase our operating costs and could adversely affect our profitability. Higher costs and/or limitations on our ability to operate our facilities and manufacture our products resulting from increased labor costs, strikes or other work stoppages could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 In addition, unexpected interruptions in our operations or those of our customers or suppliers due to such causes as weather-related events or acts of God, such as earthquakes, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. For example, the Environmental Protection Agency has found that global climate change would be expected to increase the severity and possibly the frequency of severe weather patterns such as hurricanes. Although the financial impact of such future events is not reasonably estimable at this time, should they occur, our operations in certain coastal and flood-prone areas or operations of our customers and suppliers could be adversely affected. 
 
 If we do not successfully execute or effectively operate, integrate, leverage and grow acquired businesses, our financial results may suffer. 
 
 Our strategy for long-term growth, productivity and profitability depends in part on our ability to make prudent strategic acquisitions and to realize the benefits we expect when we make those acquisitions. In furtherance of this strategy, over the past several years, we have acquired businesses in Europe, Canada, South Korea, the Middle East, and the United States. 
 8 

While we currently anticipate that our past and future acquisitions will enhance our value proposition to customers and improve our long-term profitability, there can be no assurance that we will realize our expectations within the time frame we have established, if at all, or that we can continue to support the value we allocate to these acquired businesses, including their goodwill or other intangible assets. 
 
 We may be subject to risks relating to our information technology systems. 
 
 We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit and store electronic information and manage and operate our business. The incidence of cyber attacks, computer hacking, computer viruses, worms, and other disruptive software, denial of service attacks, and other malicious cyber activities are on the rise worldwide. A breach of our information technology systems or those of our commercial partners could expose us, our customers, our suppliers, and our employees to risks of misuse or improper disclosure of data, business information (including intellectual property) and other confidential information. We operate globally, and the legal rules governing data storage and transfers are often complex, unclear, and changing. A breach could also result in manipulation and destruction of data, production downtimes and operations disruptions. Any such breaches or events could expose us to legal liability and adversely affect our reputation, competitive position, business or results of operations. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 The unplanned departure of key personnel could disrupt our business. 
 
 We depend on the continued efforts of our senior management. The unplanned loss of key personnel, or the inability to hire and retain qualified executives, could negatively impact our ability to manage our business. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 9 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Information pertaining to our major operating facilities is included below. Except as noted, we own all of the principal properties. In addition, we own and/or lease other properties used as distribution centers and corporate offices. Our plants are in satisfactory condition and are suitable for the purpose for which they were designed and are now being used. 
 
 Location of Facility Building Space (Sq. Ft.) Primary Use Owned or Leased Piping Systems Segment Fulton, MS 778,065 Manufacturing, Packaging, Distribution Owned Bilston, England 402,500 Manufacturing Owned Wynne, AR 400,000 Manufacturing Distribution Owned Yangju City, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea 343,909 Manufacturing Owned Cedar City, UT 260,000 Manufacturing Distribution Owned Woodbridge, NJ 247,000 Distribution Leased Olive Branch, MS 205,264 Manufacturing Distribution Owned London, Ontario, Canada 200,400 Manufacturing Owned Al Hidd, Kingdom of Bahrain 186,162 Manufacturing Owned Wynne, AR 180,000 Distribution Owned Covington, TN 176,000 Manufacturing Owned North Wales, PA 174,000 Manufacturing Owned Monterrey, Mexico 152,000 Manufacturing Distribution Leased Monterrey, Mexico 132,000 Manufacturing Leased Sanger, CA 127,390 Manufacturing Distribution Leased Ennis, TX 109,700 Distribution Leased University Park, IL 90,100 Distribution Leased Ansonia, CT 89,396 Manufacturing Distribution Owned Kansas City, MO 85,000 Distribution Leased St. Thomas, Ontario, Canada 73,124 Distribution Leased Shelby, OH 61,750 Distribution Leased Atlanta, GA 60,293 Distribution Leased Dallas, TX 55,585 Distribution Leased Ontario, CA 54,209 Distribution Leased Jacksonville, FL 48,000 Distribution Leased Calgary, Alberta, Canada 22,084 Distribution Leased Calgary, Alberta, Canada 21,117 Manufacturing Leased Calgary, Alberta, Canada 6,600 Manufacturing Leased Industrial Metals Segment Port Huron, MI 450,000 Manufacturing Owned New Market, VA 413,120 Manufacturing Distribution Owned Belding, MI 293,068 Manufacturing Owned Brooklyn, OH 163,200 Manufacturing Leased Marysville, MI 81,500 Manufacturing Owned Brighton, MI 65,000 Machining Leased Climate Segment Plainville, GA 313,835 Manufacturing Distribution Owned Fort Worth, TX 266,485 Manufacturing Owned 
 10 

Location of Facility Building Space (Sq. Ft.) Primary Use Owned or Leased Cartersville, GA 260,924 Manufacturing Owned Phoenix, AZ 250,250 Manufacturing Distribution Owned Tampa, FL 202,614 Manufacturing Distribution Owned Crawsfordville, IN 153,600 Manufacturing Distribution Owned Fort Worth, TX 153,374 Manufacturing Owned Vineland, NJ 136,000 Manufacturing Distribution Owned Guadalupe, Mexico 130,110 Manufacturing Leased Sacramento, CA 121,240 Manufacturing Distribution Owned Bluffs, IL 107,000 Manufacturing Owned Fort Worth, TX 103,125 Manufacturing Distribution Owned Hickory, NC 100,000 Manufacturing Owned Hartsville, TN 92,000 Manufacturing Owned Houston, TX 72,000 Manufacturing Distribution Owned Monterrey, MX 65,000 Manufacturing Distribution Leased Baltimore, MD 62,500 Manufacturing Distribution Owned Springdale, AR 57,600 Manufacturing Distribution Owned Hartsville, TN 45,000 Distribution Leased Lawrenceville, GA 42,000 Manufacturing Leased Xinbei District, Changzhou, China 33,940 Manufacturing Leased Kansas City, MO 30,500 Manufacturing Leased Ansonia, CT 24,000 Manufacturing Leased Hartsville, TN 4,000 Warehouse Leased 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The Company is involved in certain litigation as a result of claims that arose in the ordinary course of business. Additionally, we may realize the benefit of certain legal claims and litigation in the future; these gain contingencies are not recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 For a description of material pending legal proceedings, see Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 11 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol MLI. As of February 23, 2023, the number of holders of record of Mueller s common stock was 585. 
 
 During fiscal 2021, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of 0.13 per share of common stock. During fiscal 2022, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of 0.25 per share of common stock. 
 
 Payment of dividends in the future is dependent upon the Company s financial condition, cash flows, capital requirements, earnings, and other factors. 
 
 See Part III, Item 12, Equity Compensation Plan Information for information regarding securities authorized for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The Company s Board of Directors has extended, until July 2023, the authorization to repurchase up to 20 million shares of the Company s common stock through open market transactions or through privately negotiated transactions. The Company may cancel, suspend, or extend the time period for the purchase of shares at any time. Any repurchases will be funded primarily through existing cash and cash from operations. The Company may hold any shares repurchased in treasury or use a portion of the repurchased shares for its stock-based compensation plans, as well as for other corporate purposes. From its initial authorization in 1999 through December 31, 2022, the Company has repurchased approximately 7.2 million shares under this authorization. Below is a summary of the Company s stock repurchases for the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 (a) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 (b) Average Price Paid per Share (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (d) 
 Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) 
 September 25, 2022 October 29, 2022 2,098 61.72 12,759,795 October 30, 2022 November 26, 2022 12,759,795 November 27, 2022 December 31, 2022 527 61.27 12,759,795 Total 2,625 
 (1) Includes shares tendered to the Company by holders of stock-based awards in payment of the purchase price and/or withholding taxes upon exercise and/or vesting. 
 (2) Shares available to be purchased under the Company s 20 million share repurchase authorization until July 2023. The extension of the authorization was announced on October 19, 2022. 

12 

Company Stock Performance 
 
 The following graph compares total stockholder return since December 30, 2017 to the Dow Jones U.S. Total Return Index (Total Return Index) and the Dow Jones U.S. Building Materials Fixtures Index (Building Materials Index). Total return values for the Total Return Index, the Building Materials Index and the Company were calculated based on cumulative total return values assuming reinvestment of (i) regular quarterly dividends paid by the Company, (ii) the cash paid by the Company in conjunction with the special dividend and (iii) the proceeds of an assumed sale at par of the Debentures paid by the Company in connection with the special dividend. 

2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Mueller Industries, Inc. 100.00 67.04 92.16 102.81 174.23 178.57 Dow Jones U.S. Total Return Index 100.00 95.03 124.62 150.05 189.81 152.98 Dow Jones U.S. Building Materials Fixtures Index 100.00 79.24 115.95 143.87 215.35 156.35 
 13 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is contained under the caption Financial Review submitted as a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K commencing on page F-2 . 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk are contained under the caption Financial Review submitted as a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K commencing on page F-2 . 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Financial Statements required by this item are contained in a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K commencing on page F-17 . 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 
 
 14 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure information required to be disclosed in Company reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in Company reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of December 31, 2022 to ensure that information required to be disclosed in Company reports filed under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC, internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers, and effected by the Company s Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Due to inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Further, because of changes in conditions, effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting may vary over time. 
 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(c) under the Exchange Act, the Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the control criteria established in a report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework , (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on such evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Ernst Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company s financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the Company s fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 15 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Mueller Industries, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Mueller Industries, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Mueller Industries, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria . 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Memphis, Tennessee February 28, 2023 
 16 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information required by Item 10 is contained under the captions Ownership of Common Stock by Directors and Executive Officers and Information about Director Nominees, Corporate Governance, Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance Reporting in the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC on or about March 23, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to its chief executive officer, chief financial officer, and other financial executives. We have also made the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics available on the Company s website at www.muellerindustries.com. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by Item 11 is contained under the caption Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Summary Compensation Table for 2022, 2022 Grants of Plan Based Awards Table, Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal 2022 Year-End, 2022 Option Exercises and Stock Vested, Potential Payments Upon Termination of Employment or Change in Control as of the End of 2022, 2022 Director Compensation, Report of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors on Executive Compensation and Corporate Governance in the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC on or about March 23, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 The following table discloses information regarding the securities to be issued and the securities remaining available for issuance under the Registrant s stock-based incentive plans as of December 31, 2022 (shares in thousands): 
 
 (a) (b) (c) Plan category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants, and rights Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants, and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 442 29.20 1,204 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 442 29.20 1,204 
 
 Other information required by Item 12 is contained under the captions Principal Stockholders and Ownership of Common Stock by Directors and Executive Officers and Information about Director Nominees in the Company s Proxy Statement for 
 17 

its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC on or about March 23, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required by Item 13 is contained under the caption Corporate Governance in the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC on or about March 23, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by Item 14 is contained under the caption Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC on or about March 23, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 18 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 
 1. Financial Statements: the financial statements, notes, and report of independent registered public accounting firm described in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are contained in a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K commencing on page F-1 . 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedule: the financial statement schedule described in Item 8 of this report is contained in a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K commencing on page F-1 . 
 
 3. Exhibits: 
 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 3.a Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant dated February 8, 2007 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 28, 2007, for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2006). 
 3.b Amended and Restated By-laws of the Registrant, effective as of February 17, 2023 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated February 21, 2023). 
 Long-Term Debt Instruments 
 4.1 Certain instruments with respect to long-term debt of the Registrant have not been filed as Exhibits to this Report since the total amount of securities authorized under any such instruments does not exceed 10 percent of the total assets of the Registrant and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. The Registrant agrees to furnish a copy of each such instrument upon request of the SEC. 
 4.2 Description of securities 
 Consulting, Employment, and Compensatory Plan Agreements 
 10.1 Mueller Industries, Inc. 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference from Appendix I to the Company s 2009 Definitive Proxy Statement with respect to the Company s 2009 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 26, 2009). 
 10.2 Mueller Industries, Inc. 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference from Appendix I to the Company s 2014 Definitive Proxy Statement with respect to the Company s 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 19, 2014). 
 10.3 Amendment to the Mueller Industries, Inc. 2009 Stock Incentive Plan, dated July 11, 2011 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 28, 2012, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011). 
 10.4 2019 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex 1 to the Company s definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on March 28, 2019). 
 10.5 Mueller Industries, Inc. 2011 Annual Bonus Plan (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated February 28, 2012, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011). 
 10.6 Summary description of the Registrant s 2023 incentive plan for certain key employees. 
 10.7 Change in Control Agreement, effective July 26, 2016 by and between the Registrant and Brian K. Barksdale (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for the period ended July 2, 2016, dated July 28, 2016). 
 19 

10.8 Change in Control Agreement, effective July 26, 2016 by and between the Registrant and Mark Millerchip (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for the period ended July 2, 2016, dated July 28, 2016). 
 10.9 Change in Control Agreement, effective July 26, 2016 by and between the Registrant and Steffen Sigloch (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, for the period ended July 2, 2016, dated July 28, 2016). 
 10.10 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2018, by and between Mueller Industries, Inc. and Gregory L. Christopher (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated March 19, 2018). 
 10.11 Change in Control Agreement, effective February 22, 2022 by and between the Registrant and Jeffrey A. Martin (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the period ended December 25, 2021, dated February 23, 2022). 
 10.12 Change in Control Agreement, effective February 22, 2022 by and between the Registrant and Christopher J. Miritello (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the period ended December 25, 2021, dated February 23, 2022). 
 Financing Agreements 
 10.13 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2021, among the Company (as borrower), Bank of America, N.A. (as administrative agent), and certain lenders named therein (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated April 5, 2021). 
 Other Exhibits 
 21.0 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.0 C onsent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 99.1 Insider Trading Policy of the Registrant 
 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 
 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 101.PRE XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 
 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 
 20 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 28, 2023. 
 
 MUELLER INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 
 /s/ Gregory L. Christopher 
 Gregory L. Christopher, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Gregory L. Christopher 
 Gregory L. Christopher 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chairman of the Board February 28, 2023 /s/ Terry Hermanson 
 Lead Independent Director February 28, 2023 Terry Hermanson /s/ Elizabeth Donovan 
 Director February 28, 2023 Elizabeth Donovan /s/ William C. Drummond 
 Director February 28, 2023 William C. Drummond /s/ Gary S. Gladstein 
 Director February 28, 2023 Gary S. Gladstein /s/ Scott J. Goldman 
 Director February 28, 2023 Scott J. Goldman /s/ John B. Hansen 
 Director February 28, 2023 John B. Hansen /s/ Charles P. Herzog, Jr. 
 Director February 28, 2023 Charles P. Herzog, Jr. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 
 Signature and Title Date /s/ Jeffrey A. Martin 
 February 28, 2023 Jeffrey A. Martin Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Anthony J. Steinriede 
 February 28, 2023 Anthony J. Steinriede Vice President Corporate Controller 
 21 

MUELLER INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Financial Review 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31 , 202 2 , December 2 5 , 202 1 , and December 2 6 , 20 20 
 F- 17 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31 , 202 2 , December 2 5 , 202 1 , and December 2 6 , 20 20 
 F- 18 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 
 F- 19 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31 , 202 2 , December 2 5 , 202 1 , and December 2 6 , 20 20 
 F- 20 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31 , 202 2 , December 2 5 , 202 1 , and December 2 6 , 20 20 
 F- 21 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 23 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 61 

FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 Schedule for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021, and December 26, 2020 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts (Schedule II) 
 F- 63 
 
 F-1 

FINANCIAL REVIEW 
 
 The Financial Review section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K consists of the following: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition (MD A), the Consolidated Financial Statements, and Other Financial Information, all of which include information about our significant accounting policies, practices, and the transactions that impact our financial results. The following MD A describes the principal factors affecting the results of operations, liquidity and capital resources, contractual cash obligations, and the critical accounting estimates of the Company. The discussion in the Financial Review section should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this Annual Report, particularly Item 1: Business and our other detailed discussion of risk factors included in this MD A. 
 
 O VERVIEW 
 
 We are a leading manufacturer of copper, brass, aluminum, and plastic products. The range of products we manufacture is broad: copper tube and fittings; line sets; brass rod, bar, and shapes; aluminum and brass forgings; aluminum impact extrusions; PEX plastic tube and fittings; refrigeration valves and fittings; compressed gas valves; pressure vessels; steel nipples; and insulated flexible duct systems. We also resell brass and plastic plumbing valves, plastic fittings, malleable iron fittings, faucets and plumbing specialty products. Mueller s operations are located throughout the United States and in Canada, Mexico, Great Britain, South Korea, the Middle East, and China. 
 
 Each of the reportable segments is composed of certain operating segments that are aggregated primarily by the nature of products offered as follows: 
 
 Piping Systems: The Piping Systems segment is composed of Domestic Piping Systems Group, Great Lakes Copper, Heatlink Group, European Operations, Trading Group, Jungwoo-Mueller (our South Korean joint venture), and Mueller Middle East (our Bahraini joint venture). The Domestic Piping Systems Group manufactures and distributes copper tube, fittings, and line sets. These products are manufactured in the U.S., sold in the U.S., and exported to markets worldwide. Great Lakes Copper manufactures copper tube and line sets in Canada and sells the products primarily in the U.S. and Canada. Heatlink Group manufactures a complete line of products for PEX plumbing and radiant systems in Canada and sells these products in Canada and the U.S. European Operations manufacture copper tube in the United Kingdom, which is sold throughout Europe. The Trading Group manufactures pipe nipples and sources products for import distribution in North America. Jungwoo-Mueller manufactures copper-based joining products that are sold worldwide. Mueller Middle East manufactures copper tube and serves markets in the Middle East and Northern Africa. The Piping Systems segment sells products to wholesalers in the plumbing and refrigeration markets, distributors to the manufactured housing and recreational vehicle industries, building material retailers, and air-conditioning original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). 
 
 Industrial Metals: The Industrial Metals segment is composed of Brass Rod, Impacts Micro Gauge, Brass Value-Added Products, and Precision Tube. The segment manufactures and sells brass rod, bar, and shapes; aluminum and brass forgings; aluminum impact extrusions; gas valves and assemblies; and specialty copper, copper alloy, and aluminum tube. The segment manufactures and sells its products primarily to domestic OEMs in the industrial, transportation, construction, heating, ventilation, and air-conditioning, plumbing, refrigeration, and energy markets. 
 
 Climate: The Climate segment is composed of Refrigeration Products, Westermeyer, Turbotec, Flex Duct (ATCO and H C Flex), and Linesets, Inc. The segment manufactures and sells refrigeration valves and fittings, high pressure components, coaxial heat exchangers, insulated HVAC flexible duct systems, and line sets. The segment sells its products primarily to the heating, ventilation, air-conditioning, and refrigeration markets in the U.S. 
 
 New housing starts and commercial construction are important determinants of our sales to the heating, ventilation, and air-conditioning, refrigeration, and plumbing markets because the principal end use of a significant portion of our products is in the construction of single and multi-family housing and commercial buildings. Repairs and remodeling projects are also important drivers of underlying demand for these products. In addition, our products are used in various transportation, automotive, and industrial applications. 
 
 According to the U.S. Census Bureau, actual housing starts in the U.S. were 1.55 million in 2022, which compares to 1.60 million in 2021 and 1.38 milli on in 2020. The average 30-year fixed mortgage rate was approximately 5.34 percent in 2022 and 2.96 percent in 2021. The private nonresidential construction sector, includes offices, industrial, health care, and retail projects. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the value of private nonresidential construction put in place w as 530.1 billion in 2022, 485.8 billion in 2021, and 479.0 billion in 2020. 
 
 F-2 

Profitability of certain of our product lines depends upon the spreads between the cost of raw material and the selling prices of our products. The open market prices for copper cathode and copper and brass scrap, for example, influence the selling price of copper tube and brass rod, two principal products manufactured by the Company. We attempt to minimize the effects on profitability from fluctuations in material costs by passing through these costs to our customers; however margins of our businesses that account for inventory on a FIFO basis may be impacted in periods of significant fluctuations in material costs. Our earnings and cash flow are dependent upon these spreads that fluctuate based upon market conditions. 
 
 Earnings and profitability are also impacted by unit volumes that are subject to market trends, such as substitute products, imports, technologies, and market share. We intensively manage our pricing structure while attempting to maximize profitability. From time-to-time, this practice results in lost sales opportunities and lower volume. For plumbing systems, plastics are the primary substitute product; these products represent an increasing share of consumption. For certain air-conditioning and refrigeration applications, aluminum-based systems are the primary substitution threat. We cannot predict the acceptance or the rate of switching that may occur. U.S. consumption of copper tube and brass rod is still predominantly supplied by U.S. manufacturers. In recent years, brass rod consumption in the U.S. has declined due to the outsourcing of many manufactured products to offshore regions. 
 
 R ESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Consolidated Results 
 
 The following table compares summary operating results for 2022, 2021, and 2020: 
 
 Percent Change (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Net sales 3,982,455 3,769,345 2,398,043 5.7 57.2 Operating income 877,149 655,845 245,838 33.7 166.8 Net income 658,316 468,520 139,493 40.5 235.9 
 
 The following are components of changes in net sales compared to the prior year: 
 
 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Net selling price in core product lines 6.1 37.0 Unit sales volume in core product lines (5.9) 6.4 Acquisitions 1.9 8.6 Dispositions (2.2) (0.7) Other 5.8 5.9 5.7 57.2 
 
 The increase in net sales in 2022 was primarily due to (i) higher net selling prices of 228.5 million in our core product lines, primarily copper tube, (ii) an increase in sales of 217.0 million in our other product lines, (iii) incremental sales of 38.6 million recorded by Mueller Middle East, acquired in December 2021, and (iv) incremental sales of 33.3 million recorded by H C Flex, acquired in January 2021. These increases were slightly offset by (i) lower unit sales volume of 222.0 million in our core product lines, primarily non-U.S. copper tube and brass rod, and (ii) a decrease in sales of 82.7 million as a result of the dispositions of Die-Mold, Copper Bar, FTP, and STI during 2021. 
 
 The increase in net sales in 2021 was primarily due to (i) higher net selling prices of 886.5 million in our core product lines, primarily copper tube and brass rod, (ii) higher unit sales volume of 154.4 million in our core product lines, (iii) incremental sales of 152.7 million rec orded by Kessler, acquired in August 2020, (iv) an increase in sales of 140.6 million in our non-core product lines, (v) sales of 48.9 million recorded by H C Flex, and (vi) sales of 4.6 million recorded by Mueller Middle East. These increases were slightly offset by a decrease in sales of 16.5 million as a result of the dispositions of Die-Mold, FTP, and STI during 2021. 
 
 F-3 

Net selling prices generally fluctuate with changes in raw material costs. Changes in raw material costs are generally passed through to customers by adjustments to selling prices. The following graph shows the Comex average copper price per pound by quarter for the most recent three-year period: 

The following tables compare cost of goods sold and operating expenses as dollar amounts and as a percent of net sales for 2022, 2021, and 2020: 
 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cost of goods sold 2,864,862 2,938,989 1,966,161 Depreciation and amortization 43,731 45,390 44,843 Selling, general, and administrative expense 203,086 184,052 159,483 Litigation settlement, net (22,053) Gain on sale of businesses (57,760) Gain on sale of assets, net (6,373) Impairment charges 2,829 3,771 Operating expenses 3,105,306 3,113,500 2,152,205 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Cost of goods sold 71.9 78.0 82.0 Depreciation and amortization 1.1 1.2 1.9 Selling, general, and administrative expense 5.1 4.9 6.6 Litigation settlement, net (0.9) Gain on sale of businesses (1.5) Gain on sale of assets, net (0.2) Impairment charges 0.1 Operating expenses 77.9 82.6 89.7 
 
 F-4 

The decrease in cost of goods sold in 2022 was primarily due to a decrease in the average cost of copper and lower sales volume in certain core product lines. Gross margin as a percentage of sales was 28.1 percent compared with 22.0 percent in the prior year. The combination of strong demand for our products, inflationary pressures, and industry wide supply constraints contributed to an environment of higher selling prices and improved margins for the majority of our businesses. The increase in cost of goods sold in 2021 was primarily due to the increase in the average cost of copper, an increase in sales volume across all product lines, and an increase in sales volume resulting from the acquisitions of Kessler, H C Flex, and Mueller Middle East. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization decreased slightly in 2022 as a result of long-lived assets of businesses sold and increased slightly in 2021 as a result of long-lived assets of businesses acquired. 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased in 2022 primarily due to (i) an increase in employment costs, including incentive compensation, of 13.3 million, (ii) incremental expenses of 3.2 million associated with H C Flex and Mueller Middle East, (iii) the absence of fees of 2.6 million received as a settlement of preexisting relationships recognized in the prior year, and (iv) higher travel and entertainment expense of 1.2 million. These increases were partially offset by the absence of expenses associated with FTP, STI, and Die-Mold of 2.9 million. The increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses in 2021 was primarily due to (i) an increase in employment costs, including incentive compensation, of 11.4 million, (ii) an increase in agent commissions of 8.7 million, (iii) incremental expenses of 6.1 million associated with Kessler and H C Flex, (iv) an increase of 1.4 million in professional fees, and (v) expenses of 1.3 million associated with the write-off of vendor deposits. These increases were partially offset by (i) fees of 2.6 million received as a settlement of preexisting relationships and (ii) the absence of expenses associated with FTP, STI, and Die-Mold of 1.8 million. 
 
 During 2022, we recognized gains of 6.4 million on the sale of assets within Corporate and Eliminations. 
 
 During 2021, we recognized gains of 46.6 million on the sale of the FTP and STI businesses, 4.7 million on the disposition of the Die-Mold business, and 6.5 million on the sale of the Copper Bar business, as well as asset impairment charges of 2.8 million related to goodwill and fixed assets. The gain on the sale of FTP and STI and the deconsolidation of Die-Mold were reported within Corporate and Eliminations and the gain on the sale of Copper Bar was recorded in the Industrial Metals segment. Prior to the dispositions, the results of FTP and STI were included within the Climate segment, the results of Die-Mold were included within the Piping Systems segment, and the results of Copper Bar were included within the Industrial Metals segment. 
 
 During 2020, we recognized a gain of 22.1 million for the settlement of our claim under the Deepwater Horizon Economic and Property Damage Settlement Program and asset impairment charges of 3.8 million related to production equipment that was idled. 
 
 Interest expense decreased in 2022 primarily as a result of the redemption of our Subordinated Debentures during the second quarter of 2021 and there being no borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement during 2022. The decrease in 2021 was primarily a result of the redemption of our Subordinated Debentures during the second quarter of 2021. 
 
 During 2021, we recognized expense of 5.7 million for a redemption premium related to our Subordinated Debentures redeemed. 
 
 Environmental expense for our non-operating properties was lower in 2022 and 2021 than in 2020 primarily as a result of lower remediation costs. 
 
 During 2022, we recognized a 13.1 million expense related to the complete withdrawal from a multiemployer pension plan. During 2020, we recognized a 17.8 million expense to terminate our U.S. defined benefit pension plan, which consisted of an 11.6 million non-cash charge and 6.2 million in federal excise tax on surplus assets returned to the Company. 
 
 Other income, net, was higher in 2022 primarily as a result of (i) higher interest income on short-term investments, (ii) a gain on the sale of securities, and (iii) a curtailment gain related to our other postemployment benefit plans. It was lower in 2021 primarily as a result of lower net periodic benefit income from our benefit plans. 
 
 Income tax expense was 223.3 million in 2022, representing an effective tax rate of 25.5 percent. This rate was higher than what would be computed using the U.S. statutory federal rate primarily due to (i) the provision for state and local income taxes, net of the federal benefit, of 32.2 million, (ii) the effect of foreign statutory rates different from the U.S. federal rate and other foreign adjustments of 7.4 million, and (iii) the impact of investments in unconsolidated affiliates of 0.2 million. These increases were partially offset by other adjustments of 0.5 million. 
 
 F-5 

Income tax expense was 165.9 million in 2021, representing an effective tax rate of 25.9 percent. This rate was higher than what would be computed using the U.S. statutory federal rate primarily due to (i) the provision for state and local income taxes, net of the federal benefit, of 21.1 million and (ii) the effect of foreign statutory rates different from the U.S. federal rate and other foreign adjustments of 11.2 million. These increases were partially offset by (i) the impact of investments in unconsolidated affiliates of 0.7 million and (ii) other adjustments of 0.4 million. 
 
 Income tax expense was 55.3 million in 2020, representing an effective tax rate of 26.4 percent. This rate was higher than what would be computed using the U.S. statutory federal rate primarily due to (i) the provision for state and local income taxes, net of the federal benefit, of 5.9 million, (ii) the effect of foreign statutory rates different from the U.S. federal rate of 2.8 million, and (iii) other adjustments of 3.0 million. These increases were partially offset by the impact of investments in unconsolidated affiliates of 0.4 million. 
 
 During 2022, we recognized income of 10.1 million on our investments in unconsolidated affiliates, net of foreign tax, compared to losses of 0.2 million in 2021. The income on these investments for 2022 included net gains of 5.2 million for Tecumseh and net gains of 4.9 million for the retail distribution business. 
 
 During 2021, we recognized losses of 0.2 million on our investments in unconsolidated affiliates, net of foreign tax, compared to losses of 10.2 million in 2020. The loss on these investments for 2021 included net losses of 1.7 million for Tecumseh, partially offset by net gains of 0.8 million for the retail distribution business and a gain on fair value recognition related to our investment in Mueller Middle East of 0.7 million. 
 
 During 2020, we recognized losses of 10.2 million on our investments in unconsolidated affiliates, net of foreign tax. The loss of these investments for 2020 included net losses of 10.4 million for Tecumseh and net gains of 0.2 million for Mueller Middle East. 
 
 Piping Systems Segment 
 
 The following table compares summary operating results for 2022, 2021, and 2020 for the businesses comprising our Piping Systems segment: 
 
 Percent Change (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Net sales 2,730,084 2,600,030 1,583,002 5.0 64.2 Operating income 671,062 486,287 165,719 38.0 193.4 
 
 The following are components of changes in net sales compared to the prior year: 
 
 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Net selling price in core product lines 8.4 45.7 Unit sales volume in core product lines (6.6) 6.8 Acquisitions 1.5 10.0 Dispositions (0.4) (0.2) Other 2.1 1.9 5.0 64.2 
 
 The increase in net sales in 2022 was primarily attributable to (i) higher net selling prices of 219.6 million in the segment s core product lines, primarily copper tube, (ii) an increase in sales of 61.1 million in the segment s other product lines, and (iii) incremental sales of 38.6 million recorded by Mueller Middle East. These increases were partially offset by (i) lower unit sales volume of 172.3 million in the segment s core product lines, primarily non-U.S. copper tube, and (ii) a decrease in sales of 10.9 million as a result of the disposition of Die-Mold. 
 
 F-6 

The increase in net sales in 2021 was primarily attributable to (i) higher net selling prices of 719.0 million in the segment s core product lines, primarily copper tube, (ii) incremental sales of 152.7 million recorded by Kessler, (iii) higher unit sales volume of 107.6 million in the segment s core product lines, (iv) an increase in sales of 44.6 million in the segment s non-core product lines and (v) sales of 4.6 million recorded by Mueller Middle East. These increases were slightly offset by a decrease in sales of 2.6 million as a result of the disposition of Die-Mold. 
 
 The following tables compare cost of goods sold and operating expenses as dollar amounts and as a percent of net sales for 2022, 2021, and 2020: 
 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cost of goods sold 1,943,174 1,996,610 1,311,697 Depreciation and amortization 22,193 23,384 23,071 Selling, general, and administrative expense 93,655 93,749 78,744 Impairment charges 3,771 Operating expenses 2,059,022 2,113,743 1,417,283 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Cost of goods sold 71.2 76.8 82.9 Depreciation and amortization 0.8 0.9 1.5 Selling, general, and administrative expense 3.4 3.6 4.9 Impairment charges 0.2 Operating expenses 75.4 81.3 89.5 
 
 Gross margin as a percentage of sales was 28.8 percent compared with 23.2 percent in the prior year. The increase in gross margin percent reflects effective price management in response to significant inflation in wages, consumable, freight, and distribution costs, as well as fluctuating material costs. The decrease in cost of goods sold in 2022 was primarily due to a decrease in the average cost of copper and lower sales volume in certain core product lines. The increase in cost of goods sold in 2021 was primarily due to the increase in the cost of copper, an increase in sales volume in the segment s core product lines, and an increase in sales volume resulting from the acquisitions of Kessler and Mueller Middle East. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization decreased slightly in 2022 and 2021, compared to 2020, as a result of long-lived assets of businesses sold, partially offset by depreciation and amortization of the long-lived assets of Mueller Middle East. 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expense for 2022 was consistent with 2021. The increase in 2021 was primarily due to (i) higher employment costs, including incentive compensation, of 6.1 million, (ii) incremental expenses of 4.3 million associated with Kessler, (iii) an increase in agent commissions of 2.0 million, (iv) expenses of 1.3 million associated with the write-off of vendor deposits, and (v) the absence of 1.3 million of government subsidies provided to certain businesses related to the COVID-19 pandemic recorded in 2020. 
 
 During 2020, we recognized asset impairment charges of 3.8 million related to production equipment that was idled. 
 
 Industrial Metals Segment 
 
 The following table compares summary operating results for 2022, 2021, and 2020 for the businesses comprising our Industrial Metals segment: 
 
 F-7 

Percent Change (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Net sales 644,689 703,363 472,159 (8.3) 49.0 Operating income 82,464 85,475 54,065 (3.5) 58.1 
 
 The following are components of changes in net sales compared to the prior year: 
 
 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Net selling price in core product lines 1.3 36.7 Unit sales volume in core product lines (7.3) 10.3 Dispositions (5.3) Other 3.0 2.0 (8.3) 49.0 
 
 The decrease in net sales in 2022 was primarily due to (i) lower unit sales volume of 49.2 million in the segment s core product lines, primarily brass rod, (ii) a decrease in sales of 36.2 million as a result of the disposition of Copper Bar, and (iii) lower sales of 4.4 million in the segment s non-core product lines. These decreases were slightly offset by higher net selling prices of 8.9 million in the segment s core product lines. 
 
 The increase in net sales in 2021 was primarily due to (i) higher net selling prices of 167.5 million in the segment s core product lines, primarily brass rod, (ii) higher unit sales volume of 46.8 million in the segment s core product lines, and (iii) higher sales of 8.4 million in the segment s non-core product lines. 
 
 The following tables compare cost of goods sold and operating expenses as dollar amounts and as a percent of net sales for 2022, 2021, and 2020: 
 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cost of goods sold 543,004 605,715 398,000 Depreciation and amortization 7,647 6,929 7,528 Selling, general, and administrative expense 11,574 11,698 12,566 Gain on sale of businesses (6,454) Operating expenses 562,225 617,888 418,094 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Cost of goods sold 84.2 86.1 84.3 Depreciation and amortization 1.2 1.0 1.6 Selling, general, and administrative expense 1.8 1.6 2.6 Gain on sale of businesses (0.9) Operating expenses 87.2 87.8 88.5 
 
 Gross margin as a percentage of sales was 15.8 percent compared with 13.9 percent in the prior year. The decrease in cost of goods sold in 2022 was primarily due to the decrease in the average cost of brass scrap and lower sales volume in the segment s core product lines and the disposition of Copper Bar. T he increase in cost of goods sold in 2021 was primarily due to the increase in selling prices and sales volume in the segment s core product lines. 
 
 F-8 

Depreciation and amortization increased slightly in 2022 as a result of long-lived assets placed into service. Depreciation and amortization decreased slightly in 2021 as a result of several long-lived assets becoming fully depreciated. 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expense in 2022 was consistent with 2021 and 2020. 
 
 During 2021, we recognized a gain of 6.5 million on the sale of the Copper Bar business. 
 
 Climate Segment 
 
 The following table compares summary operating results for 2022, 2021, and 2020 for the businesses comprising our Climate segment: 
 Percent Change (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Net sales 650,307 495,414 370,131 31.3 33.8 Operating income 188,067 85,536 56,802 119.9 50.6 
 
 Net sales for 2022 increased primarily as a result of an increase in volume and price in certain product lines, as well as incremental sales of 33.3 million recorded by H C Flex. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in sales of 35.6 million as a result of the dispositions of FTP and STI in 2021. Net sales for 2021 increased primarily as a result of an increase in volume and price in certain product lines, as well as sales of 48.9 million recorded by H C Flex. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in sales of 13.8 million as a result of the dispositions of FTP and STI in 2021. 
 
 The following tables compare cost of goods sold and operating expenses as dollar amounts and as a percent of net sales for 2022, 2021, and 2020: 
 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Cost of goods sold 416,953 367,343 276,274 Depreciation and amortization 9,174 10,379 10,249 Selling, general, and administrative expense 36,113 29,327 26,806 Impairment charges 2,829 Operating expenses 462,240 409,878 313,329 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Cost of goods sold 64.1 74.1 74.6 Depreciation and amortization 1.4 2.1 2.8 Selling, general, and administrative expense 5.6 6.0 7.3 Impairment charges 0.6 Operating expenses 71.1 82.8 84.7 
 
 Cost of goods sold increased in 2022, consistent with the increase in net sales. Gross margin as a percentage of sales was 35.9 percent compared with 25.9 percent in the prior year. The increase in gross margin percent reflects effective price management in response to significant inflation in wages, consumable, freight, and distribution costs, as well as fluctuations in material costs. Cost of goods sold increased in 2021, consistent with the increase in net sales. Depreciation and amortization decreased in 2022 as a result of long-lived assets of businesses sold. Depreciation and amortization in 2021 was consistent with 2020. Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased in 2022 as a result of (i) higher agent commissions of 4.6 million, (ii) incremental expenses associated with H C Flex of 2.1 million, and (iii) higher employment costs, including incentive compensation, of 1.8 million. These were partially offset by the absence of expenses associated with FTP and STI of 2.4 million. Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased in 2021 as a result of (i) higher employment costs of 2.7 
 F-9 

million and (ii) expenses associated with H C Flex of 1.8 million. These were partially offset by the absence of expenses associated with FTP and STI of 1.4 million. 
 
 During 2021, the segment recognized impairment charges on goodwill and long-lived assets of 2.8 million. 
 
 L IQUIDITY AND C APITAL R ESOURCES 
 
 The following table presents selected financial information for 2022, 2021, and 2020: 
 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Increase (decrease) in: Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 374,920 (37,000) 29,334 Short-term investments 217,863 Property, plant, and equipment, net (5,612) 8,990 13,444 Total debt 154 (326,001) (58,378) Working capital, net of cash and current debt 176,700 141,525 38,855 Net cash provided by operating activities 723,943 311,701 245,073 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (242,003) 29,073 (125,622) Net cash used in financing activities (102,655) (376,722) (92,264) 
 
 Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
 
 During 2022, net cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to (i) consolidated net income of 662.8 million, (ii) a decrease in accounts receivable of 82.7 million, (iii) depreciation and amortization of 44.1 million, and (iv) stock-based compensation expense of 17.8 million. These cash increases were partially offset by (i) a decrease in current liabilities of 26.6 million, (ii) an increase in inventories of 24.2 million, (iii) an increase in other assets of 9.0 million, and (iv) income from unconsolidated affiliates of 10.1 million. 
 
 During 2021, net cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to (i) consolidated net income of 475.1 million, (ii) an increase in current liabilities of 73.8 million, (iii) depreciation and amortization of 45.7 million, and (iv) stock-based compensation expense of 9.8 million. These cash increases were partially offset by (i) an increase in accounts receivable of 124.7 million, (ii) an increase in inventories of 119.5 million, and (iii) gains of 57.8 million recorded on the sales of the FTP, STI, Die-Mold, and Copper Bar businesses. The fluctuations of accounts receivable, inventories, and current liabilities were primarily due to increased sales volume in certain businesses and higher material costs during 2021. 
 
 During 2020, net cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to (i) consolidated net income of 143.6 million, (ii) an increase in current liabilities of 74.1 million, (iii) depreciation and amortization of 45.2 million, (iv) a decrease in other assets of 20.6 million, (v) a non-cash charge related to the termination of the U.S. pension plan of 11.6 million, (vi) losses from unconsolidated affiliates of 10.2 million, (vii) stock-based compensation expense of 8.6 million, and (viii) a decrease in inventories of 5.2 million. These cash increases were partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable of 76.4 million. 
 
 Cash (Used in) Provided by Investing Activities 
 
 The major components of net cash used in investing activities in 2022 included (i) the purchase of short-term investments of 217.9 million and (ii) capital expenditures of 37.6 million. These uses were partially offset by (i) proceeds from the sale of properties of 7.9 million, (ii) insurance proceeds for property and equipment of 3.4 million, and (iii) dividends received from unconsolidated affiliates of 2.3 million. 
 
 The major components of net cash provided by investing activities in 2021 included (i) proceeds of 81.9 million from the sale of the FTP, STI, and Copper Bar businesses, net of cash sold, and (ii) payments received on notes receivable of 8.5 million. These sources were partially offset by (i) capital expenditures of 31.8 million and (ii) 30.2 million for the purchases of H C Flex and Mueller Middle East, net of cash acquired. 
 
 F-10 

The major components of net cash used in investing activities in 2020 included (i) 72.6 million for the purchases of Kessler and STI, net of cash acquired, (ii) capital expenditures of 43.9 million, and (iii) the issuance of notes receivable of 9.3 million. 
 
 Cash Used in Financing Activities 
 
 For 2022, net cash used in financing activities consisted primarily of (i) 55.8 million used for the payment of regular quarterly dividends to stockholders of the Company, (ii) 38.1 million used for the repurchase of common stock, and (iii) 7.2 million used for the payment of dividends to noncontrolling interests. 
 
 For 2021, net cash used in financing activities consisted primarily of (i) 630.0 million used to reduce the debt outstanding under our Credit Agreement, (ii) 290.2 million used for the redemption of the Subordinated Debentures, (iii) 29.1 million used for the payment of regular quarterly dividends to stockholders of the Company, (iv) 9.7 million used for the payment of dividends to noncontrolling interests, (v) 5.1 million used for repayment of debt by Jungwoo-Mueller, and (vi) 4.9 million used to repurchase common stock. These uses of cash were partially offset by the issuance of debt under our Credit Agreement of 595.0 million. 
 
 For 2020, net cash used in financing activities consisted primarily of (i) 245.0 million used to reduce the debt outstanding under our Credit Agreement, (ii) 22.3 million used for the payment of regular quarterly dividends to stockholders of the Company, (iii) 7.0 million used for the payment of contingent consideration related to ATCO, and (iv) 5.6 million used to repurchase common stock. These uses of cash were partially offset by the issuance of debt under our Credit Agreement of 190.0 million. 
 
 Liquidity and Outlook 
 
 We believe that cash provided by operations, funds available under the Credit Agreement, and cash on hand will be adequate to meet our liquidity needs, including working capital, capital expenditures, and debt payment obligations. Our current ratio was 4.4 to 1 as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 82.0 million of our cash and cash equivalents were held by foreign subsidiaries. The undistributed earnings of most of the foreign subsidiaries are considered to be permanently reinvested. These earnings could be remitted to the U.S. with a minimal tax cost. Accordingly, no additional income tax liability has been accrued with respect to these earnings or on any additional outside basis differences that may exist with respect to these entities. 
 
 We believe that cash held domestically, funds available through the Credit Agreement, and cash generated from U.S. based operations will be adequate to meet the future needs of our U.S. based operations. 
 
 Fluctuations in the cost of copper and other raw materials affect the Company s liquidity. Changes in material costs directly impact components of working capital, primarily inventories, accounts receivable, and accounts payable. The price of copper has fluctuated significantly and averaged approximately 4.01 in 2022, 4.24 in 2021, and 2.80 in 2020. 
 
 We have significant environmental remediation obligations which we expect to pay over future years. Approximately 8.3 million was spent during 2022 for environmental matters. As of December 31, 2022, we expect to spend 4.0 million in 2023, 2.0 million in 2024, 0.8 million in 2025, 0.7 million in 2026, 0.7 million in 2027, and 12.3 million thereafter for ongoing projects. 
 
 Cash used to fund pension and other postretirement benefit obligations was 0.5 million in 2022 and 0.6 million in 2021. We anticipate making contributions of approximately 1.1 million to these plans in 2023. 
 
 The Company declared and paid a quarterly cash dividend of 10.0 cents per common share during each quarter of 2020, 13.0 cents per common share during each quarter of 2021, and 25.0 cents per common share during each quarter of 2022. Payment of dividends in the future is dependent upon our financial condition, cash flows, capital requirements, and other factors. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 During 2022 our capital expenditures were 37.6 million . We anticipate investing approximately 35.0 million to 40.0 million for capital expenditures in 2023 . 
 
 F-11 

Long-Term Debt 
 
 The Company s Credit Agreement provides for an unsecured 400.0 million revolving credit facility, which matures on March 31, 2026. Funds borrowed under the Credit Agreement may be used for working capital purposes and other general corporate purposes. In addition, the Credit Agreement provides a sublimit of 50.0 million for the issuance of letters of credit, a sublimit of 35.0 million for loans and letters of credit made in certain foreign currencies, and a swing line loan sublimit of 25.0 million. Outstanding letters of credit and foreign currency loans reduce borrowing availability under the Credit Agreement. There were no borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Jungwoo-Mueller has several secured revolving credit arrangements with a total borrowing capacity of KRW 20.0 billion (or approximately 15.0 million). Borrowings are secured by the real property and equipment of Jungwoo-Mueller. There were no borrowings outstanding at Jungwoo-Mueller as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s total debt was 2.0 million or 0.1 percent of its total capitalization. 
 
 Covenants contained in the Company s financing obligations require, among other things, the maintenance of minimum levels of tangible net worth and the satisfaction of certain minimum financial ratios. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 The Company s Board of Directors has extended, until July 2023, its authorization to repurchase up to 20 million shares of the Company s common stock through open market transactions or through privately negotiated transactions. We may cancel, suspend, or extend the time period for the repurchase of shares at any time. Any repurchases will be funded primarily through existing cash and cash from operations. The Company may hold any shares repurchased in treasury or use a portion of the repurchased shares for stock-based compensation plans, as well as for other corporate purposes. From its initial authorization in 1999 through December 31, 2022, the Company had repurchased approximately 7.2 million shares under this authorization. 

C ONTRACTUAL C ASH O BLIGATIONS 
 
 The following table presents payments due by the Company under contractual obligations with minimum firm commitments as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Payments Due by Year (In millions) Total 2023 2024-2025 2026-2027 Thereafter Total debt 2.7 0.8 0.4 1.5 Operating and capital leases 26.0 6.3 8.1 6.0 5.6 Heavy machinery and equipment 12.5 12.5 Purchase commitments (1) 
 984.5 984.5 Transition tax on accumulated foreign earnings 1.9 1.9 Total contractual cash obligations 1,027.6 1,004.1 10.4 6.0 7.1 
 (1) This includes contractual supply commitments totaling 916.1 million at year-end prices; these contracts contain variable pricing based on Comex and the London Metals Exchange quoted prices. These commitments are for purchases of raw materials, primarily copper cathode and brass scrap, that are expected to be consumed in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 The above obligations will be satisfied with existing cash, funds available under the Credit Agreement, and cash generated by operations. The Company has no off-balance sheet financing arrangements. 
 
 F-12 

M ARKET R ISKS 
 
 The Company is exposed to market risks from changes in raw material and energy costs, interest rates, and foreign currency exchange rates. To reduce such risks, we may periodically use financial instruments. Hedging transactions are authorized and executed pursuant to policies and procedures. Further, we do not buy or sell financial instruments for trading purposes. A discussion of the Company s accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities is included in Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Cost and Availability of Raw Materials and Energy 
 
 Raw materials, primarily copper and brass, represent the largest component of the Company s variable costs of production. The cost of these materials is subject to global market fluctuations caused by factors beyond our control. Significant increases in the cost of metal, to the extent not reflected in prices for our finished products, or the lack of availability could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The Company occasionally enters into forward fixed-price arrangements with certain customers. We may utilize futures contracts to hedge risks associated with these forward fixed-price arrangements. We may also utilize futures contracts to manage price risk associated with inventory. Depending on the nature of the hedge, changes in the fair value of the futures contracts will either be offset against the change in fair value of the inventory through earnings or recognized as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) in equity and reflected in earnings upon the sale of inventory. Periodic value fluctuations of the contracts generally offset the value fluctuations of the underlying fixed-price transactions or inventory. At December 31, 2022, we held open futures contracts to purchase approximately 91.8 million of copper over the next nine months related to fixed-price sales orders and to sell approximately 10.7 million of copper over the next five months related to copper inventory. 
 
 We may enter into futures contracts or forward fixed-price arrangements with certain vendors to manage price risk associated with natural gas purchases. The effective portion of gains and losses with respect to positions are deferred in equity as a component of AOCI and reflected in earnings upon consumption of natural gas. Periodic value fluctuations of the futures contracts generally offset the value fluctuations of the underlying natural gas prices. There were no open futures contracts to purchase natural gas at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Interest Rates 
 
 The C ompany had no variable-rate debt outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021. At this borrowing level, a hypothetical 10 percent increase in interest rates would have had an insignificant unfavorable impact on our pre-tax earnings and cash flows. The primary interest rate exposure on variable-rate debt is based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rates 
 
 Foreign currency exposures arising from transactions include firm commitments and anticipated transactions denominated in a currency other than an entity s functional currency. The Company and its subsidiaries generally enter into transactions denominated in their respective functional currencies. We may utilize certain futures or forward contracts with financial institutions to hedge foreign currency transactional exposures. Gains and losses with respect to these positions are deferred in equity as a component of AOCI and reflected in earnings upon collection of receivables or payment of commitments. At December 31, 2022, we had open forward contracts with a financial institution to sell approximately 4.6 million euros, 36.4 million Swedish kronor, and 12.6 million Norwegian kroner through April 2023. 
 
 The Company s primary foreign currency exposure arises from foreign-denominated revenues and profits and their translation into U.S. dollars. The primary currencies to which we are exposed include the Canadian dollar, the British pound sterling, the Mexican peso, the South Korean won, and the Bahraini dinar. The Company generally views its investments in foreign subsidiaries with a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar as long-term. As a result, we generally do not hedge these net investments. The net investment in foreign subsidiaries translated into U.S. dollars using the year-end exchange rates was 338.6 million at December 31, 2022 and 362.1 million at December 25, 2021. The potential loss in value of the Company s net investment in foreign subsidiaries resulting from a hypothetical 10 percent adverse change in quoted foreign currency exchange rates at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 amounted to 33.9 million and 36.2 million, respectively. This change would be reflected in the foreign currency translation component of AOCI in the equity section of our Consolidated Balance Sheets until the foreign subsidiaries are sold or otherwise disposed. 
 
 F-13 

We have significant investments in foreign operations whose functional currency is the British pound sterling, the Mexican peso, the Canadian dollar, the South Korean won, and the Bahraini dinar. In 2022, the value of the British pound decreased approximately eleven percent, the Mexican peso increased approximately six percent, the Canadian dollar decreased approximately six percent, the South Korean won decreased approximately seven percent, and the Bahraini dinar remained consistent, relative to the U.S. dollar. The resulting net foreign currency translation losses were included in calculating net other comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 and were recorded as a component of AOCI. 
 
 C RITICAL A CCOUNTING P OLICIES AND E STIMATES 
 
 The Company s accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. As disclosed in Note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with general accepted accounting principles in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. Management believes the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results of operations and require management s most difficult, subjective, and complex judgments. 
 
 Inventory Valuation Reserves 
 
 Our inventories are valued at the lower-of-cost-or-market. The market price of copper cathode and scrap are subject to volatility. During periods when open market prices decline below net realizable value, the Company may need to provide an allowance to reduce the carrying value of its inventory. In addition, certain items in inventory may be considered excess or obsolete and, as such, we may establish an allowance to reduce the carrying value of those items to their net realizable value. Changes in these estimates related to the value of inventory, if any, may result in a materially adverse impact on our reported financial position or results of operations. The Company recognizes the impact of any changes in estimates, assumptions, and judgments in income in the period in which they are determined. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, our inventory valuation reserves were 14.3 million and 10.1 million, respectively. The expense recognized in each of these periods was immaterial to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Impairment of Goodwill 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 , we had 157.6 million of recorded goodwill from our business acquisitions, representing the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets we have acquired. 
 Goodwill is subject to impairment testing, which is performed annually as of the first day of the fourth quarter unless circumstances indicate the need to accelerate the timing of the tests. These circumstances include a significant change in the business climate, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant portion of one of our businesses. In our evaluation of goodwill impairment, we perform a qualitative assessment at the reporting unit level that requires management judgment and the use of estimates to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the qualitative assessment is not conclusive, management compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount and will recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. 
 We identify reporting units by evaluating components of our operating segments and combining those components with similar economic characteristics. Reporting units with significant recorded goodwill include Domestic Piping Systems, B K LLC, Great Lakes, Heatlink Group, European Operations, Jungwoo-Mueller, Mueller Middle East, Westermeyer, and Flex Duct. 
 The fair value of each reporting unit is estimated using a combination of the income and market approaches, incorporating market participant considerations and management s assumptions on revenue growth rates, operating margins, discount rates and expected capital expenditures. Estimates used by management can significantly affect the outcome of the impairment test. Changes in forecasted operating results and other assumptions could materially affect these estimates. 
 We evaluated each reporting unit during the fourth quarters of 2022 and 2021, as applicable. With the exception of the Turbotec reporting unit, t he estimated fair value of each of these reporting units exceeded its carrying values in 2022 and 2021, and we do not believe that any of these reporting units were at risk of impairment as of December 31, 2022. During the third quarter of 2021, the Company recognized an impairment charge of 2.1 million related to Turbotec, reported within the Climate segment. 
 
 F-14 

Pension Benefit Plans 
 
 We sponsor several qualified and nonqualified pension benefit plans in certain foreign locations. We recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of the plans as an asset or liability in the Consolidated Balance Sheets with changes in the funded status recorded through comprehensive income in the year in which those changes occur. The obligations for these plans are actuarially determined and affected by assumptions, including discount rates, expected long-term return on plan assets for defined benefit pension plans, and certain employee-related factors, such as retirement age and mortality. We evaluate the assumptions periodically and makes adjustments as necessary. 
 
 The expected return on plan assets is determined using the market value of plan assets. Differences between assumed and actual returns are amortized to the market value of assets on a straight-line basis over the average remaining service period of the plan participants using the corridor approach. The corridor approach defers all actuarial gains and losses resulting from variances between actual results and actuarial assumptions. These unrecognized gains and losses are amortized when the net gains and losses exceed 10 percent of the greater of the market value of the plan assets or the projected benefit obligation. The amount in excess of the corridor is amortized over the average remaining service period of the plan participants. For 2022, the average remaining service period for the pension plans was 11.5 years. 
 
 We determine the discount rate (which is required to be the rate at which the projected benefit obligation could be effectively settled as of the measurement date) with the assistance of actuaries, who calculate the yield available on high quality corporate bonds of a term that reflects the maturity and duration of expected benefit payments. 
 
 Environmental Reserves 
 
 We recognize an environmental reserve when it is probable that a loss is likely to occur and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. We estimate the duration and extent of our remediation obligations based upon reports of outside consultants, internal and third party estimates and analyses of cleanup costs and ongoing monitoring costs, communications with regulatory agencies, and changes in environmental law. If we were to determine that our estimates of the duration or extent of our environmental obligations were no longer accurate, we would adjust our environmental reserve accordingly in the period that such determination is made. Estimated future expenditures for environmental remediation are not discounted to their present value. 
 
 Environmental expenses that relate to ongoing operations are included as a component of cost of goods sold. Environmental expenses related to non-operating properties are presented below operating income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 We estimate total income tax expense based on domestic and international statutory income tax rates in the tax jurisdictions where we operate, permanent differences between financial reporting and tax reporting, and available credits and incentives. 
 
 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax effects of temporary differences between the treatment of certain items for financial statement and tax purposes using tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. Realization of certain components of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the occurrence of future events. 
 
 Valuation allowances are recorded when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. These valuation allowances can be impacted by changes in tax laws, changes to statutory tax rates, and future taxable income levels, and are based on our judgment, estimates, and assumptions. In the event we were to determine that we would not be able to realize all or a portion of the net deferred tax assets in the future, we would increase the valuation allowance through a charge to income tax expense in the period that such determination is made. Conversely, if we were to determine that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future, in excess of the net carrying amounts, we would decrease the recorded valuation allowance through a decrease to income tax expense in the period that such determination is made. 
 
 We record liabilities for known or anticipated tax issues based on our analysis of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. These unrecognized tax benefits are retained until the associated uncertainty is resolved. Tax benefits for uncertain tax positions that are recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements are measured as the largest amount of benefit, determined on a cumulative probability basis, that is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement. To the extent we prevail in matters for which a liability for an uncertain tax position is established or are required to pay amounts in excess of the liability, our effective tax rate in a given period may be materially affected. 
 F-15 

New Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 C AUTIONARY S TATEMENT R EGARDING F ORWARD- L OOKING I NFORMATION 
 
 This Annual Report contains various forward-looking statements and includes assumptions concerning the Company s operations, future results, and prospects. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risk and uncertainties, and may be influenced by factors that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those predicted. The forward-looking statements reflect knowledge and information available as of the date of preparation of the Annual Report, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. We identify the forward-looking statements by using the words anticipates, believes, expects, intends or similar expressions in such statements. 
 
 In connection with the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the Company provides the following cautionary statement identifying important economic, political, and technological factors, among others, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by the forward-looking statements and related assumptions. In addition to those factors discussed under Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, such factors include: (i) the current and projected future business environment, including interest rates and capital and consumer spending; (ii) the domestic housing and commercial construction industry environment; (iii) availability and price fluctuations in commodities (including copper, natural gas, and other raw materials, including crude oil that indirectly affects plastic resins); (iv) competitive factors and competitor responses to the Company s initiatives; (v) stability of government laws and regulations, including taxes; (vi) availability of financing; and (vii) continuation of the environment to make acquisitions, domestic and foreign, including regulatory requirements and market values of candidates. 
 F-16 

MUELLER INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021, and December 26, 2020 
 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of goods sold Depreciation and amortization Selling, general, and administrative expense Litigation settlement, net ) Gain on sale of businesses ) Gain on sale of assets, net ) Impairment charges Operating income Interest expense ) ) ) Redemption premium ) Environmental expense ) ) ) Pension plan termination expense ) ) Other income, net Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) Income (loss) from unconsolidated affiliates, net of foreign tax ) ) Consolidated net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income attributable to Mueller Industries, Inc. Weighted average shares for basic earnings per share Effect of dilutive stock-based awards Adjusted weighted average shares for diluted earnings per share Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Dividends per share 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-17 

MUELLER INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021, and December 26, 2020 
 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Consolidated net income Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Foreign currency translation ) ) Net change with respect to derivative instruments and hedging activities, net of tax of ), , and ) 
 ) Net change in pension and postretirement obligation adjustments, net of tax of ), ), and ) 
 Attributable to unconsolidated affiliates, net of tax of ), ), and 
 ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income, net ) ) Consolidated comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Mueller Industries, Inc. 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-18 

MUELLER INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 
 
 (In thousands, except share data) 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of in 2022 and in 2021 
 Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill, net Intangible assets, net Investment in unconsolidated affiliates Other noncurrent assets Total Assets Liabilities Current liabilities: Current portion of debt Accounts payable Accrued wages and other employee costs Current portion of operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, less current portion Pension liabilities Postretirement benefits other than pensions Environmental reserves Deferred income taxes Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Equity Mueller Industries, Inc. stockholders' equity: Preferred stock - par value; shares authorized ; outstanding 
 Common stock - par value; shares authorized ; issued ; outstanding in 2022 and in 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury common stock, at cost ) ) Total Mueller Industries, Inc. stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Commitments and contingencies Total Liabilities and Equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-19 

MUELLER INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021, and December 26, 2020 

(In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Consolidated net income Reconciliation of consolidated net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of intangibles Amortization of debt issuance costs (Income) loss from unconsolidated affiliates ) Insurance proceeds - noncapital related Redemption premium Stock-based compensation expense Provision for doubtful accounts receivable Non-cash pension plan termination expense (Gain) loss on disposals of assets ) ) Gain on sale of businesses ) Impairment charges Deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of businesses acquired and sold: Receivables ) ) Inventories ) ) Other assets ) Current liabilities ) Other liabilities ) ) ) Other, net ) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

MUELLER INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (continued) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021, and December 26, 2020 
 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Investing activities: Proceeds from sale of assets, net of cash transferred Purchase of short-term investments ) Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) Proceeds from sale of business, net of cash sold Capital expenditures ) ) ) Payment received for (issuance of) notes receivable ) Insurance proceeds - capital related Dividends from unconsolidated affiliates Investments in unconsolidated affiliates ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Dividends paid to stockholders of Mueller Industries, Inc. ) ) ) Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests ) ) Issuance of long-term debt Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Issuance (repayment) of debt by consolidated joint ventures, net ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Payment of contingent consideration ) ) Net cash (used) received to settle stock-based awards ) ) Debt issuance costs ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at the beginning of the year Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at the end of the year 
 F-20 

MUELLER INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021, and December 26, 2020 
 
 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Common stock: Balance at beginning of year Balance at end of year Additional paid-in capital: Balance at beginning of year Acquisition (issuance) of shares under incentive stock option plans ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of restricted stock ) ) ) Balance at end of year Retained earnings: Balance at beginning of year Net income attributable to Mueller Industries, Inc. Dividends paid or payable to stockholders of Mueller Industries, Inc. ) ) ) Balance at end of year Accumulated other comprehensive loss: Balance at beginning of year ) ) ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income attributable to Mueller Industries, Inc. ) Balance at end of year ) ) ) 
 F-21 

MUELLER INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (continued) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021, and December 26, 2020 
 
 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Treasury stock: Balance at beginning of year ) ) ) Issuance of shares under incentive stock option plans ) ) ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Issuance of restricted stock ) ) ) Balance at end of year ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests: Balance at beginning of year Purchase of Mueller Middle East ) Dividends paid to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance at end of year 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-22 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1 

percent of Jungwoo Metal Ind. Co., LTD (Jungwoo-Mueller) and percent of Mueller Middle East BSC (Mueller Middle East). 
 
 days. Variable consideration is estimated for future rebates on certain product lines and product returns. The Company records variable consideration as an adjustment to the transaction price in the period it is incurred. Since variable consideration is settled within a short period of time, the time value of money is not significant. The cost of shipping product to customers is expensed as incurred as a component of cost of goods sold. 

See Note 3 Segment Information for additional information on disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers. 

See Note 2 Acquisitions Dispositions for additional information. 
 
 million and million, respectively. 
 
 F-23 

See Note 4 Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash for additional information. 

The balance for uncollectible accounts was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. 
 
 See Note 5 Inventories for additional information. 
 
 or more options to renew up to and have remaining terms of one to years. These options are not included in the Company s valuation of the right-of-use assets as the Company is not reasonably certain to exercise the options. 
 
 See Note 8 Leases for additional information. 
 
 F-24 

to years for buildings and five to years for machinery and equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of their useful life or the remaining lease term. 
 
 See Note 9 Property, Plant, and Equipment, Net for additional information. 

See Note 10 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets for additional information. 
 
 percent interest in an unconsolidated affiliate that acquired Tecumseh Products Company (Tecumseh) and an entity that provides financing to Tecumseh. This investment is recorded using the equity method of accounting, as the Company can exercise significant influence but does not own a majority equity interest or otherwise control the entity. Under the equity method of accounting, this investment is stated at initial cost and is adjusted for subsequent additional investments and the Company s proportionate share of earnings or losses and distributions. 
 
 The Company records its proportionate share of the investee s net income or loss, net of foreign taxes, one quarter in arrears as income (loss) from unconsolidated affiliates, net of foreign tax, in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company s proportionate share of the investee s other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes, is recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity. The U.S. tax effect of the Company s proportionate share of Tecumseh s income or loss is recorded in income tax expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. In general, the equity investment in unconsolidated affiliates is equal to the current equity investment less the investees net accumulated losses. 
 
 Retail Distribution 
 
 The Company acquired a percent noncontrolling equity interest in a limited liability company in the retail distribution business by contributing the outstanding common stock of Die-Mold in exchange for the equity method interest. The transaction was recorded as a deconsolidation of a subsidiary and the recognition of an equity method investment at fair value, 
 F-25 

See Note 11 Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates for additional information. 

percent of the greater of the market value of the plan assets or the projected benefit obligation. The amount in excess of the corridor is amortized over the average remaining service period of the plan participants. For 2022, the average remaining service period for the pension plans was years. 
 
 See Note 13 Benefit Plans for additional information. 

See Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies for additional information. 

F-26 

See Note 15 Income Taxes for additional information. 

See Note 17 Stock-Based Compensation for additional information. 

F-27 

See Note 7 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities for additional information. 

Included in the Consolidated Statements of Income were net transaction gains of million in 2022, losses of million in 2021, and losses of million in 2020. 

F-28 

Note 2 
 
 percent equity interest in Mueller Middle East for a total of percent, for approximately million. The total purchase price consisted of million in cash paid at closing (net of cash acquired), a gain recognized on the settlement of preexisting relationships of million, a contingent consideration arrangement of million, and the fair value of the Company s existing investment in the joint venture of million. Mueller Middle East, which manufactures copper tube, is headquartered in Bahrain. This business complements the Company s existing copper tube businesses in the Piping Systems segment. Prior to entering into this agreement, the Company was the technical and marketing lead with a percent ownership in a joint venture with Cayan Ventures and Bahrain Mumtalakat Holding Company and accounted for this investment under the equity method of accounting. The Company began consolidating this business for financial reporting purposes in December 2021. Mueller Middle East manufactures and sells copper coils to certain Mueller subsidiaries. Total sales to Mueller subsidiaries were approximately million for the period in 2021 prior to consolidation. 
 F-29 

million. The total purchase price consisted of million in cash paid at closing and a contingent consideration arrangement of million, which was paid in Q3 2021. The Company treated this as a business combination. The acquired business, H C Flex, is a manufacturer and distributor of insulated HVAC flexible duct systems. It is reported within and complements the Company s existing businesses in the Climate segment. 
 
 2020 Acquisitions 
 
 Kessler 
 
 On August 3, 2020, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement with Wieland-Kessler LLC, whereby the Company purchased the Kessler distribution business, which included inventory, manufacturing equipment, and related assets. The total purchase price was million in cash paid at closing. The Company treated this as a business combination. The acquired business, Kessler Sales and Distribution, LLC (Kessler), is a distributor of residential and commercial plumbing products. It is reported within and complements the Company s existing businesses in the Piping Systems segment. 
 
 Shoals 
 
 On January 17, 2020, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement pursuant to which the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of Shoals Tubular, Inc. (Shoals) for approximately million in cash at closing, net of working capital adjustments. Shoals is a manufacturer of brazed manifolds, headers, and distributor assemblies used primarily by manufacturers of residential heating and air conditioning units. The acquired business is reported within and complements the Company s existing businesses in the Climate segment. This business was sold in Q3 2021. 
 
 Purchase Price Allocations 
 
 These acquisitions were accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting whereby the total purchase price was allocated to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on respective fair values. 
 
 million, a decrease in the noncontrolling interest of million, an increase in property, plant, and equipment of million, a decrease in liabilities of million, and an increase in intangible assets of million. The purchase price allocations for all acquisitions have been finalized as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 F-30 

Allocated to: Accounts receivable Inventories Other current assets Property, plant, and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill (1) 
 (1) 
 Intangible assets Total assets acquired Accounts payable Current portion of operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities assumed Noncontrolling interest Net assets acquired 
 (1) Tax-deductible goodwill 
 
 years Non-compete agreements - years 
 Patents and technology - years 
 Trade names, licenses, and other - years 
 Total intangible assets 
 
 F-31 

million. This business manufactured copper bar products used primarily by OEMs in the U.S. and was included in the Industrial Metals segment. The carrying value of the assets disposed totaled million, consisting primarily of inventories and long-lived assets. As a result of the transaction, the Company recognized a pre-tax gain of million on the sale of the business in the Consolidating Financial Statements in 2021. 
 
 Die-Mold 
 
 On September 2, 2021, the Company entered into a contribution agreement with a limited liability company in the retail distribution business, pursuant to which the Company exchanged the outstanding common stock of Die-Mold for a percent equity interest in the limited liability company. Die-Mold manufactures PEX and other plumbing-related fittings and plastic injection tooling in Canada and sells these products in Canada and the U.S. and was included in the Piping Systems Segment. Die-Mold reported net sales of million and operating income of million for the year ended December 25, 2021 compared to net sales of million and operating income of million in the year ended December 26, 2020. As a result of the transaction, the Company recognized a gain of million based on the excess of the fair value of the consideration received (the percent equity interest) over the carrying value of Die-Mold in 2021. The Company utilized a combination of income and market comparable companies approaches using an EBITDA multiple to determine the fair value of the consideration received of million, which is recognized within the Investments in unconsolidated affiliates line of the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The excess of the fair value of the deconsolidated subsidiary over its carrying value resulted in the gain. 
 
 Fabricated Tube Products and Shoals Tubular, Inc. 
 
 On July 28, 2021, the Company entered into a purchase agreement with J.W. Harris Co., Inc. and Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc., pursuant to which the Company sold the assets of Fabricated Tube Products (FTP) and all of the outstanding stock of STI for approximately million. These businesses manufacture and fabricate valves and assemblies, brazed manifolds, headers, and distributor assemblies used primarily by manufacturers of residential heating and air conditioning units in the U.S. and were included in the Climate segment. They reported combined net sales of million and operating income of million for the year ended December 25, 2021 compared to combined net sales of million and operating income of million in the year ended December 26, 2020. The carrying value of the assets disposed totaled million, consisting primarily of accounts receivable, inventories, and long-lived assets. The carrying value of the liabilities disposed totaled million, consisting primarily of accounts payable. As a result of the transaction, the Company recognized a pre-tax gain of million on the sale of these businesses in the Consolidating Financial Statements in 2021. 

Note 3 

F-32 

million gain. This gain is reported within Corporate and Eliminations. The results of Die-Mold, prior to deconsolidation, were included within the Piping Systems segment. 
 
 During 2020, the segment recognized fixed asset impairment charges for certain manufacturing equipment of million. 
 
 Industrial Metals 
 
 Industrial Metals is composed of the following operating segments: Brass Rod, Impacts Micro Gauge, Brass Value-Added Products, and Precision Tube. These businesses manufacture brass rod, impact extrusions and forgings, specialty copper, copper alloy, and aluminum tube, as well as a wide variety of end products including plumbing brass, automotive components, valves, fittings, and gas assemblies. These products are manufactured in the U.S. and sold primarily to OEMs in the U.S., many of which are in the industrial, transportation, construction, heating, ventilation, and air-conditioning, plumbing, refrigeration, and energy markets. 
 
 During 2021, the segment recognized a gain of million on the sale of the Copper Bar business. 
 
 Climate 
 
 Climate is composed of the following operating segments: Refrigeration Products, Westermeyer, Turbotec, Flex Duct, and Linesets, Inc. These domestic businesses manufacture and fabricate valves, assemblies, high pressure components, coaxial heat exchangers, insulated HVAC flexible duct systems, line sets, brazed manifolds, headers, and distributor assemblies primarily for the heating, ventilation, air-conditioning, and refrigeration markets in the U.S. 
 
 As disclosed in Note 2 Acquisitions Dispositions , during July 2021 the Company sold the assets of FTP and all of the outstanding stock of STI, resulting in a gain of million. This gain is reported within . The results of FTP and STI, prior to the sale, were included within the Climate segment. 
 
 During 2021, the segment recognized impairment charges on goodwill and long-lived assets of million. 
 
 Performance of segments is generally evaluated by their operating income. Summarized product line, geographic, and segment information is shown in the following tables. Geographic sales data indicates the location from which products are shipped. Unallocated expenses include general corporate expenses, plus certain charges or credits not included in segment activity. 
 
 During 2022, 2021, and 2020, no single customer exceeded 10 percent of worldwide sales. 

F-33 

Brass rod and forgings OEM components and valves Valves and plumbing specialties Flex duct and other HVAC components Other Intersegment sales ) Net sales 
 
 For the Year Ended December 25, 2021 (In thousands) Piping Systems Industrial Metals Climate Total Tube and fittings Brass rod and forgings OEM components, tube assemblies Valves and plumbing specialties Flex duct and other HVAC components Other Intersegment sales ) Net sales 

F-34 

Brass rod and forgings OEM components, tube assemblies Valves and plumbing specialties Flex duct and other HVAC components Other Intersegment sales ) Net sales 
 
 ) Cost of goods sold ) Depreciation and amortization Selling, general, and administrative expense Gain on sale of assets ) ) Operating income ) Interest expense ) Pension plan termination expense ) Environmental expense ) Other income, net Income before income taxes 

F-35 

) Cost of goods sold ) Depreciation and amortization Selling, general, and administrative expense Gain on sale of businesses ) ) ) Impairment charges Operating income ) Interest expense ) Redemption premium ) Environmental expense ) Other income, net Income before income taxes 
 
 For the Year Ended December 26, 2020 (In thousands) Piping Systems Industrial Metals Climate Corporate and Eliminations Total Net sales ) Cost of goods sold ) Depreciation and amortization Selling, general, and administrative expense Litigation settlement, net ) ) Impairment charges Operating income ) Interest expense ) Pension plan termination expense ) Environmental expense ) Other income, net Income before income taxes 
 
 F-36 

United Kingdom Canada Asia and the Middle East Mexico 
 
 Long-lived assets: 2022 2021 2020 United States United Kingdom Canada Asia and the Middle East Mexico 
 
 Industrial Metals Climate General Corporate 
 
 Segment assets: Piping Systems Industrial Metals Climate General Corporate 
 
 F-37 

Note 4 
 
 Restricted cash included within other current assets Restricted cash included within other assets Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Note 5 
 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Valuation reserves ) ) Inventories 
 
 Inventories valued using the LIFO method totaled million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 25, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, the approximate FIFO cost of such inventories was million and million, respectively. Additionally, the Company values certain inventories on an average cost basis. 
 
 At the end of 2022 and 2021, the FIFO value of inventory consigned to others was million and million, respectively. 

Note 6 
 
 million and million, respectively, (ii) current taxes payable of million and million, respectively, and (iii) current environmental liabilities of million and million, respectively. Additionally, the balance at at December 31, 2022 includes a pension withdrawal liability of million. 
 
 Interest income Gain on sale of securities Other Other income, net 

Note 7 

F-38 

million of copper over the next nine months related to fixed price sales orders. The fair value of those futures contracts was a million net gain position, which was determined by obtaining quoted market prices (level 1 within the fair value hierarchy). In the next 12 months, the Company will reclassify into earnings realized gains or losses relating to cash flow hedges. At December 31, 2022, this amount was approximately million of deferred net gains, net of tax. 
 
 The Company may also enter into futures contracts to protect the value of inventory against market fluctuations. At December 31, 2022, the Company held open futures contracts to sell approximately million of copper over the next related to copper inventory. The fair value of those futures contracts was a million net gain position, which was determined by obtaining quoted market prices (level 1 within the fair value hierarchy). 
 
 The Company presents its derivative assets and liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets on a net basis by counterparty. 
 
 Other current liabilities 
 Commodity contracts - losses 
 Other current assets 
 ) ) Other current liabilities 
 ) Total derivatives (1) 
 ) 
 (1) Does not include the impact of cash collateral provided to counterparties . 

F-39 

Cost of goods sold Other Other Total ) Total 
 
 Year Ended December 25, 2021 (In thousands) Gain (Loss) Recognized in AOCI (Effective Portion), Net of Tax Classification Gains (Losses) Gain Reclassified from AOCI (Effective Portion), Net of Tax Cash flow hedges: Commodity contracts Cost of goods sold ) Other ) Other Total Total ) 
 
 The Company primarily enters into International Swaps and Derivatives Association master netting agreements with major financial institutions that permit the net settlement of amounts owed under their respective derivative contracts. Under these master netting agreements, net settlement generally permits the Company or the counterparty to determine the net amount payable for contracts due on the same date and in the same currency for similar types of derivative transactions. The master netting agreements generally also provide for net settlement of all outstanding contracts with the counterparty in the case of an event of default or a termination event. The Company does not offset fair value amounts for derivative instruments and fair value amounts recognized for the right to reclaim cash collateral. At December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, the Company had recorded restricted cash in other current assets of million and million, respectively, as collateral related to open derivative contracts under the master netting arrangements. 

Note 8 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Weighted average discount rate Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) 
 
 F-40 

Short term lease costs Total lease costs Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total lease obligations Less current obligations ) Noncurrent lease obligations 

Note 9 
 
 Buildings Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant, and equipment, net 
 
 million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 
 F-41 

Note 10 
 
 Accumulated impairment charges ) ) ) Balance at December 26, 2020: Additions Reductions (1) 
 ) ) ) Impairment charges ) ) Currency translation ) ) Balance at December 25, 2021: Reductions (2) 
 ) ) Currency translation ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022: Goodwill Accumulated impairment charges ) ) ) Goodwill, net (1) Includes disposals of Die-Mold and STI businesses. 
 (2) Includes finalization of the purchase price allocation adjustment for Mueller Middle East of million. 
 
 Reporting units with recorded goodwill include Domestic Piping Systems Group, B K LLC, Great Lakes, Heatlink Group, European Operations, Jungwoo-Mueller, Mueller Middle East, Westermeyer, and Flex Duct . Several factors give rise to goodwill in the Company s acquisitions, such as the expected benefit from synergies of the combination and the existing workforce of the acquired businesses. With the exception of the Turbotec reporting unit, there were impairment charges resulting from the 2022, 2021, or 2020 annual impairment tests as the estimated fair value of each of the reporting units exceeded its carrying value. During the third quarter of 2021, the Company recognized an impairment charge of million related to Turbotec, reported within the Climate segment. 
 
 F-42 

) Non-compete agreements ) Patents and technology ) Trade names and licenses ) Other ) Other intangible assets ) 
 
 The carrying amount of intangible assets at December 25, 2021 was as follows: 

(In thousands) 
 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Customer relationships ) Non-compete agreements ) Patents and technology ) Trade names and licenses ) Other ) Other intangible assets ) 
 
 Amortization expense for intangible assets was million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Expected amortization expense 

Note 11 
 
 percent interest in an unconsolidated affiliate that acquired Tecumseh and an entity that provides financing to Tecumseh. Tecumseh is a global manufacturer of hermetically sealed compressors for residential and specialty air conditioning, household refrigerators and freezers, and commercial refrigeration applications, including air conditioning and refrigeration compressors, as well as condensing units, heat pumps, and complete refrigeration systems. 
 
 F-43 

Noncurrent assets Current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities Net sales Gross profit Net income (loss) ) 
 
 The Company s income loss) from unconsolidated affiliates, net of foreign tax, for 2022 and 2021 included net gains of million and net losses of million, respectively, for Tecumseh. 
 
 Retail Distribution 
 
 On September 2, 2021, the Company acquired a percent noncontrolling equity interest in a limited liability company in the retail distribution business by contributing the outstanding common stock of Die-Mold in exchange for the equity method interest. 
 
 The Company s income loss) from unconsolidated affiliates, net of foreign tax, for 2022 and 2021 included net gains of million and million, respectively, for the retail distribution business. 

Note 12 
 
 million. The Credit Agreement provides for an unsecured million revolving credit facility, which matures on March 31, 2026, and a term loan facility of million, with an original maturity date of March 31, 2022. The term loan was fully repaid in 2021, reducing the total borrowing capacity under the Credit Agreement to million. There were borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022 or December 25, 2021. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest, at the Company s option, at the Eurocurrency Rate which is determined by the underlying currency of the Credit Extension or the Base Rate as defined by the Credit Agreement, plus a variable premium. Advances may be based upon the one, three, or six-month interest period. The variable premium is based upon the Company s debt to total capitalization ratio, and can range from to basis points for Eurocurrency Rate loans and to basis points for Base Rate loans. At December 31, 2022, the premium was basis points for Eurocurrency Rate loans and basis points for Base Rate loans. Additionally, a commitment fee is payable quarterly on the total commitment less any outstanding loans or issued letters of credit, and varies from to basis points based upon the Company s debt to total capitalization ratio. Availability of funds under the Revolving Credit Facility is reduced by the amount of certain outstanding letters of credit, which are used to secure the Company s payment of insurance deductibles, certain retiree health benefits, and other corporate obligations, totaling approximately million at December 31, 2022. Terms of the letters of credit are generally renewable annually. 
 
 Subordinated Debentures 
 
 During the first quarter of 2021, the Company announced the redemption of its Subordinated Debentures due 2027. The full redemption of outstanding debentures occurred on April 15, 2021 for a total of million in principal plus accrued interest and a redemption premium of million that was expensed during the second quarter. 
 
 F-44 

billion (or approximately million). Borrowings are secured by the real property and equipment of Jungwoo-Mueller. 
 
 Covenants contained in the Company s financing obligations require, among other things, the maintenance of minimum levels of tangible net worth and the satisfaction of certain minimum financial ratios. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all debt covenants. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Long-term debt 
 
 Capitalized interest ) ) 
 
 There was interest paid in 2022. Interest paid in 2021 and 2020 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 F-45 

Note 13 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Benefit payments ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) ) Obligation at end of year Change in fair value of plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefit payments ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded (underfunded) status at end of year ) ) ) 

) ) Unrecognized prior service credit ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, million of the actuarial net loss and the remainder of the prior service credit will, through amortization, be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost in 2023. 
 
 The aggregate status of all overfunded plans is recognized as an asset and the aggregate status of all underfunded plans is recognized as a liability in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amounts recognized as a liability are classified as current or long-term on a plan-by-plan basis. Liabilities are classified as current to the extent the actuarial present value of benefits payable within the next months exceeds the fair value of plan assets, with all remaining amounts classified as long-term. 

F-46 

Current liability ) ) Long-term liability ) ) ) Total (underfunded) funded status ) ) ) 
 
 Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of net loss Settlement charge Net periodic benefit (income) cost ) ) Other benefits: Service cost Interest cost Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) Amortization of net gain ) ) ) Curtailment gain ) ) Net periodic benefit income ) ) ) 
 
 During 2022 and 2020, the Company recognized curtailment gains of million and million, respectively, related to one of its postretirement benefit plans. 
 
 The components of net periodic benefit cost (income) other than the service cost component are included in other income, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Expected long-term return on plan assets N/A N/A Rate of compensation increases N/A N/A Rate of inflation N/A N/A 
 F-47 

Expected long-term return on plan assets 
 N/A N/A N/A Rate of compensation increases 
 N/A N/A N/A Rate of inflation 
 N/A N/A N/A 
 
 The Company s Mexican postretirement plans use the rate of compensation increase in the benefit formulas. Past service in the U.K. pension plan will be adjusted for the effects of inflation. All other pension and postretirement plans use benefit formulas based on length of service. 
 
 The annual assumed rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered benefits (i.e., health care cost trend rate) is assumed to range from to percent for 2023, gradually decrease to percent through 2040, and remain at that level thereafter. The health care cost trend rate assumption does not have a significant effect on the amounts reported. 
 
 Pension Assets 
 
 Multi-asset securities Cash and equivalents (includes money market funds) Alternative investments Total 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the long-term target allocation, by asset category, of assets of the Company s defined benefit pension plans was: (i) equity securities and multi-asset securities, including equity index funds not less than percent; and (ii) alternative investments not more than percent. 
 
 The pension plan obligations are long-term and, accordingly, the plan assets are invested for the long-term. Plan assets are monitored periodically. Based upon results, investment managers and/or asset classes are redeployed when considered necessary. None of the plans assets are expected to be returned to the Company during the next fiscal year. The assets of the plans do not include investments in securities issued by the Company. 
 
 The estimated rates of return on plan assets are the expected future long-term rates of earnings on plan assets and are forward-looking assumptions that materially affect pension cost. Establishing the expected future rates of return on pension assets is a judgmental matter. The Company reviews the expected long-term rates of return on an annual basis and revises as appropriate. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets was percent for 2022 and percent in 2021. 
 
 The Company s investments for its pension plans are reported at fair value. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of the Company s plan asset investments: 
 
 Cash and money market funds Valued at cost, which approximates fair value. 
 
 F-48 

Mutual funds (1) 
 Limited partnerships Total 
 
 Fair Value Measurements at December 25, 2021 (In thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Cash and money market funds Mutual funds (2) 
 Limited partnerships Total 
 (1) Approximately percent of mutual funds are actively managed funds and approximately percent of mutual funds are index funds. Additionally, percent of the mutual funds assets are invested in non-U.S. multi-asset securities and percent in non-U.S. equities. 
 
 (2) Approximately percent of mutual funds are actively managed funds and approximately percent of mutual funds are index funds. Additionally, percent of the mutual funds assets are invested in non-U.S. multi-asset securities and percent in non-U.S. equities. 
 
 Net depreciation in fair value ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 F-49 

million to its other postretirement benefit plans in 2023. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 Total 
 
 Multiemployer Plan 
 
 The Company contributes to the IAM National Pension Fund, National Pension Plan (IAM Plan), a multiemployer defined benefit plan. Participation in the IAM Plan was negotiated under the terms of collective bargaining agreements in Port Huron, Michigan, the Local 218 IAM and Local 44 UAW that expire on May 3, 2026 and May 4, 2025, respectively. The Employer Identification Number for this plan is 51-6031295. 
 
 The risks of participating in multiemployer plans are different from single-employer plans in the following aspects: (i) assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers; (ii) if a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the underfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers; (iii) if the Company chooses to stop participating in the plan, the Company may be required to pay the plan an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability. 
 
 The Company makes contributions to the IAM Plan trusts that cover certain union employees; contributions by employees are not permitted. Contributions to the IAM Plan were approximately million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. The Company s contributions are less than percent of total employer contributions made to the IAM Plan indicated in the most recently filed Form 5500. 
 
 Under the Pension Protection Act of 2006, the IAM Plan s actuary must certify the plan s zone status annually. Plans in the red zone are generally less than 65 percent funded, plans in the yellow zone are less than 80 percent funded, and plans in the green zone are at least 80 percent funded. If a plan is determined to be in endangered status, red zone or yellow zone, the plan s trustees must develop a formal plan of corrective action, a Financial Improvement Plan and/or a Rehabilitation Plan. For 2022 and 2021 the IAM Plan was well funded over percent; but remained in the red zone due to the trustees election to voluntarily place the fund in critical status in 2019 to strengthen its funding position. The fund has remained in critical status since that election and is not projected to emerge from critical status in the upcoming year. The plan seeks to strengthen its financial health by reducing and eliminating most adjustable benefits as allowed by federal law. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company withdrew from the IAM Plan and recognized million in related expenses, which represents the Company s best estimate of probable loss for the related withdrawal liability. 
 
 401(k) Plans 
 
 The Company sponsors voluntary employee savings plans that qualify under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Compensation expense for the Company s matching contribution to the 401(k) plans was million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. The Company match is a cash contribution. Participants direct the investment of their account balances by allocating among a range of asset classes including mutual funds (equity, fixed income, and balanced funds) and money market funds. The plans do not allow direct investment in securities issued by the Company. 
 
 F-50 

Note 14 
 
 million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020 for pending environmental matters. Environmental reserves totaled million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 25, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company expects to spend million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, and million thereafter for ongoing projects. 
 
 Non-operating Properties 
 
 Southeast Kansas Sites 
 
 The Kansas Department of Health and Environment (KDHE) has contacted the Company regarding environmental contamination at former smelter sites in Kansas (Altoona, East La Harpe, and Lanyon). The Company is not a successor to the companies that operated these smelter sites, but has explored possible settlement with KDHE and other potentially responsible parties (PRP) in order to avoid litigation. 
 
 In February 2022, the Company reached a settlement with another PRP relating to these sites. Under the terms of that agreement, the Company paid million, which was previously reserved, in exchange for the other PRP s agreement to conduct or fund any required remediation with the geographic boundaries of the sites (namely, the parcel(s) on which the former smelters were located), plus coverage of certain off-site areas (namely, contamination that migrated by surface water runoff or air emissions from the Altoona or East La Harpe site, and smelter materials located within feet of the geographic boundary of each site). The settlement does not cover certain matters, including potential liability related to the remediation of the town of Iola which is not estimable at this time. The other PRP has also provided an indemnity that would cover third-party cleanup claims for those sites, subject to a time limit and a cap. 
 
 Altoona. Another PRP conducted a site investigation of the Altoona site under a consent decree with KDHE and submitted a removal site evaluation report recommending a remedy. The remedial design plan, which covers both on-site and certain off-site cleanup costs, was approved by the KDHE in 2016. Construction of the remedy was completed in 2018. Under the terms of the settlement with the other PRP, the Company expects the operations and maintenance costs for this remedy to be paid for entirely by the other PRP. 
 
 East La Harpe. At the East La Harpe site, the Company and other PRPs conducted a site study evaluation under KDHE supervision and prepared a site cleanup plan approved by KDHE. In December 2018, KDHE provided a draft agreement which contemplates the use of funds KDHE obtained from other parties (Peabody Energy and Blue Tee) to fund part of the remediation, and removes Blue Tee from the PRPs agreement with KDHE. Pursuant to the terms of the settlement with the other PRP noted above, the Company expects the remediation to be conducted and paid for entirely by the other PRP, and for that other PRP to negotiate and enter into an agreement with KDHE. 
 
 Lanyon. With respect to the Lanyon Site, in 2016, the Company received a general notice letter from the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) asserting that the Company is a PRP, which the Company has denied. EPA issued an interim record of decision in 2017 and has been remediating properties at the site. According to EPA, properties in total will be remediated, and the work will continue into 2023. 
 
 Shasta Area Mine Sites 
 
 Mining Remedial Recovery Company (MRRC), a wholly owned subsidiary, owns certain inactive mines in Shasta County, California. MRRC has continued a program, begun in the late 1980s, of implementing various remedial measures, including sealing mine portals with concrete plugs in portals that were discharging water. The sealing program achieved significant reductions in the metal load in discharges from these adits; however, additional reductions are required pursuant to an order issued by the California Regional Water Quality Control Board (QCB). In response to a 1996 QCB Order, MRRC completed a feasibility study in 1997 describing measures designed to mitigate the effects of acid rock drainage. In December 1998, the QCB modified the 1996 order extending MRRC s time to comply with water quality standards. In September 2002, the QCB adopted a new order requiring MRRC to adopt Best Management Practices (BMP) to control discharges of acid mine drainage, and again extended the time to comply with water quality standards until September 2007. During that time, implementation of BMP further reduced impacts of acid rock drainage; however, full compliance has not been achieved. The QCB is presently 
 F-51 

-year permit will include an order requiring continued implementation of BMP through 2033 to address residual discharges of acid rock drainage. At this site, MRRC spent approximately million from 2020 through 2022 for remediation, and currently estimates that it will spend between approximately million and million over the next years and has accrued a reserve at the low end of this range. 
 
 Lead Refinery Site 
 
 U.S.S. Lead Refinery, Inc. (Lead Refinery), a non-operating wholly owned subsidiary of MRRC, has conducted corrective action and interim remedial activities (collectively, Site Activities) at Lead Refinery s East Chicago, Indiana site pursuant to the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act since December 1996. Although the Site Activities have been substantially concluded, Lead Refinery is required to perform monitoring and maintenance-related activities pursuant to a post-closure permit issued by the Indiana Department of Environmental Management effective as of March 2, 2013. Lead Refinery spent approximately million from 2020 through 2022 with respect to this site. Approximate costs to comply with the post-closure permit, including associated general and administrative costs, are estimated at between million and million over the next years. The Company has recorded a reserve at the low end of this range. 
 
 On April 9, 2009, pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA), the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) added the Lead Refinery site and surrounding properties to the National Priorities List (NPL). On July 17, 2009, Lead Refinery received a written notice from the EPA indicating that it may be a PRP under CERCLA due to the release or threat of release of hazardous substances including lead into properties surrounding the Lead Refinery NPL site. The EPA identified other PRPs in connection with that matter. In November 2012, the EPA adopted a remedy for the surrounding properties and in September 2014, the EPA announced that it had entered into a settlement with the other PRPs whereby they will pay approximately million to fund the cleanup of approximately properties surrounding the Lead Refinery NPL site (zones 1 and 3 of operable unit 1) and perform certain remedial action tasks. 
 
 On November 8, 2016, the Company, its subsidiary Arava Natural Resources Company, Inc. (Arava), and Arava s subsidiary MRRC each received general notice letters from the EPA asserting that they may be PRPs in connection with the Lead Refinery NPL site. The Company, Arava, and MRRC have denied liability for any remedial action and response costs associated with the Lead Refinery NPL site. In June 2017, the EPA requested that Lead Refinery conduct, and the Company fund, a remedial investigation and feasibility study of operable unit 2 of the Lead Refinery NPL site pursuant to a proposed administrative settlement agreement and order on consent. The Company and Lead Refinery entered into that agreement in September 2017. The Company has made a capital contribution to Lead Refinery to conduct the remedial investigation and feasibility study with respect to operable unit 2 and has provided financial assurance in the amount of million. The remedial investigation and feasibility study remain ongoing. The EPA has also asserted its position that the Company is a responsible party for the Lead Refinery NPL site, and accordingly is responsible for a share of remedial action and response costs at the site and in the adjacent residential area. 
 
 In January 2018, the EPA issued unilateral administrative orders (UAOs) directing the Company, Lead Refinery, and other PRPs to conduct soil and interior remediation of certain residences at the Lead Refinery NPL site (zones 2 and 3 of operable unit 1). Subsequent thereto, the Company and Lead Refinery reached agreement with the other PRPs to implement these UAOs, with the Company agreeing to pay, on an interim basis, (i) an estimated million (subject to potential change through a future reallocation process) of the approximately million the PRPs then estimated it would cost to implement the UAOs, which estimate is subject to change, and (ii) million relating to past costs incurred by other PRPs for work conducted at the site, as well as the possibility of up to million in further payments for ongoing work by those PRPs. As of year-end, the Company has made payments of approximately million related to the aforementioned agreement with the other PRPs. The Company disputes that it was properly named in the UAOs. In March 2022, Lead Refinery entered into an administrative settlement agreement and order on consent with the EPA, along with the other PRPs, which involves payment of certain past and future costs relating to operable unit 1, in exchange for certain releases and contribution protection for the Company, Lead Refinery, and their respective affiliates relating to that operable unit. The settlement became effective in September 2022. The Company reserved million for this settlement at the end of 2021. In March 2018, a group of private plaintiffs sued the Company, Arava, MRRC, and Lead Refinery, along with other defendants, in civil tort action relating to the site. The Company, Arava, and MRRC have been voluntarily dismissed from that litigation without prejudice. Lead Refinery s motion to dismiss the matter was granted without prejudice, but plaintiffs in that case have repled certain of their claims. At this juncture, the Company is unable to determine the likelihood of a material adverse outcome or the amount or range of a potential loss in excess of the current reserve with respect to any remedial action or litigation relating to the Lead Refinery NPL site, either at Lead Refinery s former operating site (operable unit 2) or the adjacent 
 F-52 

mining sites within the Animas River watershed, including the Sunnyside Mine, the American Tunnel, and the Sunbank Group. On or about July 25, 2017, Washington Mining Company (Washington Mining) (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Arava), received a general notice letter from the EPA stating that Washington Mining may be a PRP under CERCLA in connection with the Bonita Peak Mining District site and therefore responsible for the remediation of certain portions of the site, along with related costs incurred by the EPA. Shortly thereafter, the Company received a substantively identical letter asserting that it may be a PRP at the site and similarly responsible for the cleanup of certain portions of the site. The general notice letters identify one other PRP at the site, and do not require specific action by Washington Mining or the Company at this time. At this juncture, the Company is unable to determine the likelihood of a materially adverse outcome or the amount or range of a potential loss with respect to any remedial action related to the Bonita Peak Mining District NPL site. 
 
 Operating Properties 
 
 Mueller Copper Tube Products, Inc. 
 
 In 1999, Mueller Copper Tube Products, Inc. (MCTP), a wholly owned subsidiary, commenced a cleanup and remediation of soil and groundwater at its Wynne, Arkansas plant to remove trichloroethylene, a cleaning solvent formerly used by MCTP. On August 30, 2000, MCTP received approval of its Final Comprehensive Investigation Report and Storm Water Drainage Investigation Report addressing the treatment of soils and groundwater from the Arkansas Department of Environmental Quality (ADEQ). The Company established a reserve for this project in connection with the acquisition of MCTP in 1998. Effective November 17, 2008, MCTP entered into a Settlement Agreement and Administrative Order by Consent to submit a Supplemental Investigation Work Plan (SIWP) and subsequent Final Remediation Work Plan (RWP) for the site. By letter dated January 20, 2010, ADEQ approved the SIWP as submitted, with changes acceptable to the Company. On December 16, 2011, MCTP entered into an amended Administrative Order by Consent to prepare and implement a revised RWP regarding final remediation for the Site. The remediation system was activated in February 2014. Costs to implement the work plans, including associated general and administrative costs, are estimated to approximate million to million over the next . The Company has recorded a reserve at the low end of this range. 
 
 United States Department of Commerce Antidumping Review 
 
 On December 24, 2008, the Department of Commerce (DOC) initiated an antidumping administrative review of the antidumping duty order covering circular welded non-alloy steel pipe and tube from Mexico for the November 1, 2007 through October 31, 2008 period of review. The DOC selected Mueller Comercial as a respondent in the review. On April 19, 2010, the DOC published the final results of the review and assigned Mueller Comercial an antidumping duty rate of percent. On May 25, 2010, the Company appealed the final results to the U.S. Court of International Trade (CIT). On December 16, 2011, the CIT issued a decision remanding the Department s final results. While the matter was still pending, the Company and the United States reached an agreement to settle the appeal. Subject to the conditions of the agreement, the Company anticipated that certain of its subsidiaries would incur antidumping duties on subject imports made during the period of review and, as such, established a reserve for this matter. After the lapse of the statutory period of time during which U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) was required, but failed, to liquidate the entries at the settled rate, the Company released the reserve. Between October 30, 2015 and November 27, 2015, CBP sent a series of invoices to Southland Pipe Nipples Co., Inc. (Southland), requesting payment of approximately million in duties and interest in connection with import entries made during the November 1, 2007 through October 31, 2008 period. On January 26, 2016 and January 27, 2016, Southland filed protests with CBP in connection with these invoices, noting that CBP s asserted claims were not made in accordance with applicable law, including statutory provisions governing deemed liquidation. The Company believes in the merits of the legal objections raised in Southland s protests, and CBP s response to Southland s protests is currently pending. Given the procedural posture and issues raised by this legal dispute, the Company cannot estimate the amount of potential duty liability, if any, that may result from CBP s asserted claims. 
 
 F-53 

million related to its claim under the Deepwater Horizon Economic and Property Damage Settlement Program. The collected amount represent settlement proceeds received after the payment of fees and expenses. 
 
 Guarantees 
 
 Guarantees, in the form of letters of credit, are issued by the Company generally to assure the payment of insurance deductibles, certain retiree health benefits, and debt at certain unconsolidated affiliates. The terms of the guarantees are generally but are renewable annually as required. These letters are primarily backed by the Company s revolving credit facility. The maximum payments that the Company could be required to make under its guarantees at December 31, 2022 were million. 
 
 Other 
 
 The Company is involved in certain litigation as a result of claims that arose in the ordinary course of business, which management believes will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. It may also realize the benefit of certain legal claims and litigation in the future; these gain contingencies are not recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Note 15 
 
 Foreign Income before income taxes 
 
 Foreign State and local Current tax expense Deferred tax (benefit) expense: Federal ) ) ) Foreign ) State and local ) Deferred tax (benefit) expense ) ) Income tax expense 
 
 F-54 

State and local income tax, net of federal benefit Effect of foreign statutory rates different from U.S. and other foreign adjustments Investment in unconsolidated affiliates ) ) Other, net ) ) Income tax expense 
 
 The Company continues to assert that the undistributed earnings of most of its foreign subsidiaries are permanently reinvested. No taxes have been accrued with respect to these undistributed earnings or any outside basis differences. The Company has elected to provide for the tax expense related to global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI) in the year the tax is incurred. 
 
 The Company includes interest and penalties related to income tax matters as a component of income tax expense, none of which was material in 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 During 2021, the Internal Revenue Service completed its audit of the Company s 2015 and 2017 tax returns, the results of which were immaterial to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The statute of limitations is open for the Company s federal tax return for 2019 and all subsequent years, and some state and foreign returns are also open for some earlier tax years due to differing statute periods. While the Company believes that it is adequately reserved for possible audit adjustments, the final resolution of these examinations cannot be determined with certainty and could result in final settlements that differ from current estimates. 
 
 F-55 

Other postretirement benefits and accrued items Other reserves Foreign tax attributes State tax attributes, net of federal benefit Stock-based compensation Lease liability Basis difference in unconsolidated affiliates Total deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Property, plant, and equipment Lease asset Other liabilities Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, after consideration of the federal impact, the Company had state income tax credit carryforwards of million, all of which expire by 2024, and state net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards with potential tax benefits of million, after consideration of the federal impact, expiring between 2023 and 2041. The state tax credit and NOL carryforwards were fully offset by valuation allowances. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had other foreign tax attributes with potential tax benefits of million, which have an unlimited life, and attributes with potential benefits of million that expire between 2034 and 2042; all of these foreign attributes were fully offset by a valuation allowance. The Company also had other foreign tax attributes of million, which have limited lives expiring between 2031 and 2036, which are offset by a valuation allowance of million. The Company has also recorded a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets related to the book-tax differences in investments in unconsolidated affiliates. 
 
 Income taxes paid were approximately million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 

Note 16 
 
 million shares of the Company s common stock through open market transactions or through privately negotiated transactions. The Company has no obligation to purchase any shares and may cancel, suspend, or extend the time period for the purchase of shares at any time. Any purchases will be funded primarily through existing cash and cash from operations. The Company may hold any shares purchased in treasury or use a portion of the repurchased shares for its stock-based compensation plans, as well as for other corporate purposes. From its initial authorization in 1999 through December 31, 2022, the Company has repurchased approximately million shares under this authorization. 
 
 F-56 

Note 17 
 
 million shares were available for future stock incentive awards at December 31, 2022. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021, and December 26, 2020, the Company recognized stock-based compensation, as a component of selling, general, and administrative expense, in its Consolidated Statements of Income of million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 The total compensation expense not yet recognized related to stock incentive awards at December 31, 2022 was million, with an average expense recognition period of years. 
 
 The Company generally issues treasury shares when stock options are exercised, or when restricted stock awards or performance stock awards are granted. 
 
 Granted N/A Exercised/Released ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) End of period 
 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 
 The fair value of each restricted stock award equals the fair value of the Company s stock on the grant date and is amortized into compensation expense on a straight-line or accrual basis over its vesting period based on its vesting schedule. The weighted average grant-date fair value of awards granted during 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , , and , respectively. 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding and unvested awards was million at December 31, 2022. The total fair value of awards that vested was million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Performance Stock Awards 
 
 Performance stock awards require achievement of certain performance criteria which are predefined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors at the time of grant. The fair value of each performance stock award equals the fair value of the Company s stock on the grant date. Performance stock awards are vested and released at the end of the performance period if the predefined performance criteria are achieved. 
 
 For all performance stock awards, in the event the certified results equal the predefined performance criteria, the Company will grant the number of shares equal to the target award. In the event the certified results exceed the predefined performance criteria, additional shares up to the maximum award will be granted. In the event the certified results fall below the predefined performance criteria but above the minimum threshold, a reduced number of shares will be granted. If the certified results fall below the minimum threshold, no shares will be granted. 
 
 In the period it becomes probable that the minimum threshold specified in the award will be achieved, the Company recognizes expense for the proportionate share of the total fair value of the performance stock awards related to the vesting period that has 
 F-57 

, , and , respectively. 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding and unvested awards was million at December 31, 2022. The total fair value of awards that vested was million in 2022. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 Stock options are generally granted to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price equal to the average of the high and low market price of the Company s stock on the grant date. Generally, the awards vest within from the grant date. Any unexercised options expire after not more than . The fair value of each option is estimated as a single award and amortized into compensation expense on a straight-line or accrual basis over its vesting period based on its vesting schedule. 
 
 The Company estimates the fair value of all stock option awards as of the grant date by applying the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model. The use of this valuation model in the determination of compensation expense involves certain assumptions that are judgmental and/or highly sensitive including the expected life of the option, stock price volatility, risk-free interest rate, and dividend yield. Additionally, forfeitures are not estimated at the time of valuation; they are recognized as they occur. 
 
 Expected term N/A years years Expected price volatility N/A Risk-free interest rate N/A Dividend yield N/A 
 
 Expected term This is the period of time estimated based on historical experience over which the options granted are expected to remain outstanding. An increase in the expected term will increase compensation expense. 
 
 Expected price volatility This is a measure of the amount by which a price has fluctuated or is expected to fluctuate. The Company uses actual historical changes in the market value of its stock to calculate the volatility assumption. Daily market value changes from the grant date over a past period representative of the expected term of the options are used. An increase in the expected price volatility rate will increase compensation expense. 
 
 Risk-free interest rate This is the U.S. Treasury rate for the week of the grant, having a term representative of the expected term of the options. An increase in the risk-free rate will increase compensation expense. 
 
 Dividend yield This rate is the annual dividends per share as a percentage of the Company s stock price. An increase in the dividend yield will decrease compensation expense. 
 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised was million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The total fair value of options that vested was million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 million with a weighted average remaining contractual term of years. Of the outstanding options, thousand are currently exercisable with an aggregate intrinsic value of million, a weighted average exercise price of , and a weighted average remaining contractual term of years. 
 F-58 

Note 18 ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Balance at December 25, 2021 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 ) Cost of goods sold ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) Net of tax and noncontrolling interests Amortization of net loss (gain) and prior service cost on employee benefit plans Pension plan termination expense ) ) Other income, net ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net of tax and noncontrolling interests 
 
 F-59 

Note 19 
 
 Gross profit (2) 
 Consolidated net income Net income attributable to Mueller Industries, Inc. Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Dividends per share 2021 Net sales Gross profit (2) 
 Consolidated net income (3) 
 Net income attributable to Mueller Industries, Inc. Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Dividends per share 
 (1) The sum of quarterly amounts may not equal the annual amounts reported due to rounding. In addition, the earnings per share amounts are computed independently for each quarter, while the full year is based on the weighted average shares outstanding. 
 (2) Gross profit is net sales less cost of goods sold, which excludes depreciation and amortization. 
 (3) Includes income earned by H C Flex, acquired during Q1 2021, and Mueller Middle East, acquired during Q4 2021. 

Note 20 
 
 percent of a copper tube mill which supplies Mueller affiliates. These affiliates purchased million of product from the supplier in 2022. There were payables related to these sales as of December 31, 2022. 
 F-60 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Mueller Industries, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Mueller Industries, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosures to which it relates. 

F-61 

Defined Benefit Pension Obligation Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022 the aggregate defined pension obligation was 50.8 million and the fair value of pension plan assets was 62.3 million, resulting in an overfunded defined pension obligation of 11.5 million. As disclosed in Notes 1 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes the overfunded or underfunded status of the plans as an asset or liability in the consolidated balance sheets with changes in the funded status recorded through comprehensive income in the year in which those changes occur. The obligations for these plans are actuarially determined and affected by assumptions, including discount rates, expected long-term return on plan assets, and certain employee-related factors such as mortality. 
 
 Auditing the defined benefit pension obligation is complex and required the involvement of our actuarial specialists due to the highly judgmental nature of actuarial assumptions (e.g., discount rate, mortality rate, and expected return on plan assets) used in the measurement process. These assumptions have a significant effect on the projected benefit obligation. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls that address the measurement and valuation of the defined benefit pension obligation. For example, we tested controls over management s review of the defined benefit pension obligation, including the significant actuarial assumptions used by management and the related data inputs. 
 
 To test the defined benefit pension obligation, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the methodology used, the significant actuarial assumptions discussed above and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data, including the participant data used by management. 
 
 We involved our actuarial specialist to assist with our procedures. For example, we compared the actuarial assumptions used by management to historical trends and evaluated the change in the defined benefit pension obligation from prior year due to the change in service cost, interest cost, actuarial gains and losses, benefit payments, and contributions. In addition, we evaluated management s methodology for determining the discount rate that reflects the maturity and duration of the benefit payments that is used to measure the defined benefit pension obligation. As part of this assessment, we compared management s selected discount rate to an independently developed range of reasonable discount rates. To evaluate the mortality rate assumption, we assessed whether the information is consistent with publicly available information, and whether any market data adjusted for entity-specific factors were applied. Lastly, to evaluate the expected return on plan assets, we assessed whether management s assumption was consistent with a range of returns for a portfolio of comparative investments. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 1991. February 28, 2023 
 F-62 

Environmental reserves 
 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 
 ) 
 
 2021 Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 Environmental reserves 
 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

2020 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 Environmental reserves 
 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

F-63 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 q42022exhibit42.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 
 Exhibit 4.2 

 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 As of February 23, 2023, Mueller Industries, Inc. had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share (the Common Stock ). 
 The following summary describes our Common Stock and the material provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated February 8, 2007 (the Certificate of Incorporation ), and our Amended and Restated By-laws, effective as of January 15, 2016 (the Bylaws ). Because the following is only a summary, it does not contain all of the information that may be important to you, and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws, copies of which are on file with the SEC and included as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. You should refer to the text of these documents for a complete description. Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this exhibit to Mueller, the Company, we, us, and our refer to Mueller Industries, Inc. together with its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 We are authorized to issue 105,000,000 shares of capital stock, of which 
 100,000,000 shares, par value 0.01 per share, are designated as Common Stock and 
 5,000,000 shares, par value 1.00 per share, are designated as Preferred Stock 
 As of February 23, 2023, we had outstanding 57,024,726 shares of Common Stock, excluding 23,158,278 treasury shares, and no shares of Preferred Stock. 
 Common Stock 
 Voting Rights 
 Except as otherwise provided for in our Certificate of Incorporation, holders of our Common Stock are entitled to one (1) vote per share on all matters submitted to our stockholders for a vote. Our Common Stock does not have cumulative voting rights. 
 Dividends 
 Subject to the rights of holders of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors in its discretion out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. 
 Liquidation 
 Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after the payment of any liabilities and the liquidation preferences of any outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. 
 No Preemptive, Redemption or Conversion Rights 
 Our Common Stock is not subject to redemption or sinking fund provisions and does not have any conversion rights. Our Common Stock does not have preemptive or other rights to subscribe for additional shares of any class of our capital stock. 
 Voting Rights for the Election of Directors 
 Our Board of Directors is not classified. Our Bylaws provide that our Board of Directors may consist of one (1) or more members, and that, until such time as our Board of Directors determines otherwise, the number of directors shall be nine (9). 
 Our Bylaws provide that directors are elected at the annual meeting of the stockholders at which a quorum is present, and the persons receiving a plurality of the votes cast shall be so elected. Our Certificate of Incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors. 
 Our Board of Directors has the ability to fill vacancies on our Board of Directors. 

Exhibit 4.2 

 Special Stockholder Meetings 
 Our Bylaws provide that special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by our Chairman or our Chief Executive Officer. Special meetings may be called by the Chairman only upon written request of a majority of the Entire Board of Directors (as defined below). 
 Entire Board of Directors means the total number of directors which the Company would have if there were no vacancies. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.6>
 3
 q42022exhibit106.htm
 EX-10.6

Document 

Exhibit 10.6 

2023 INCENTIVE PLAN FOR CERTAIN KEY EMPLOYEES 
 
 The Company has a discretionary annual incentive program under which exempt salaried employees may earn cash payments based on a percentage of base annual salary. The actual percent is based on a variety of guidelines including performance levels of the respective business units primarily measured by operating income subject to certain adjustments. 
 
 The payment to an employee is based upon (i) their assigned grade level, (ii) actual company earnings achieved relative to a pre-determined target, which is adjusted upward if company performance exceeds target and reduced if company performance is less than target, and (iii) base salary paid during the fiscal year. 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-21.0>
 4
 q42022exhibit21.htm
 EX-21.0

Document 

Exhibit 21.0 
 
 MUELLER INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 State or Country Subsidiary of Incorporation ATCO Rubber Products, Inc. Michigan Mueller Brass Holding Company, Inc. Delaware Mueller Brass Co. (Assumed name Mueller Brass Products) Michigan Extruded Metals, Inc. Delaware Mueller Industrial Realty Co. Michigan Itawamba Industrial Gas Company, Inc. Mississippi Mueller Plastics Holding Company, Inc. Ohio Mueller Brass Forging Company, Inc. Delaware Mueller East, Inc. Delaware Mueller Formed Tube Company, Inc. Delaware Mueller Impacts Company, Inc. Delaware Mueller Press Company, Inc. Mississippi Mueller Refrigeration Products Company, Inc. Delaware Mueller LBHC, Inc. Delaware Lincoln Brass Works, Inc. (Assumed name Mueller Gas Products) Michigan Overstreet-Hughes, Co., Inc. Tennessee Mueller Refrigeration LLC Delaware Mueller Refrigeration Holding Company, Inc. Delaware Mueller Streamline Co. Delaware Mueller Copper Tube Company LLC Delaware Mueller Fittings, LLC Mississippi Mueller Fittings Company, Inc. Michigan Kessler Sales & Distribution LLC Delaware B&K, LLC (d b a BK Products) Delaware Heatlink Group USA, LLC Tennessee Precision Tube Company, LLC Pennsylvania Mueller Southeast, Inc. Pennsylvania Southland Pipe Nipples Company, Inc. Texas Mueller Tool and Machine, Inc. Delaware Mueller Castings Company, Inc. Delaware Mueller Packaging, LLC Mississippi Micro Gauge, Inc. Michigan Microgauge Machining, Inc. Michigan Propipe Technologies, Inc. (Assumed name Mueller Gas Products) Ohio WTC Holding Company Michigan DENO Investment Company II, Inc. Michigan Tecumseh Products Holdings LLC (7) 
 Delaware Tecumseh Products LLC Michigan MA Industrial Secured Lending LLC (5) Delaware Muellux Holding Company I SARL Luxembourg Muellux Holding Company II SARL Luxembourg Mueller Middle East B.S.C. (8) 
 Bahrain Mueller Europe Investment Company Ltd. United Kingdom 

State or Country Subsidiary of Incorporation Jungwoo Metal Ind. Co., Ltd. (6) 
 South Korea Mueller Europe, Limited United Kingdom Westermeyer Industries, Inc. Illinois Sherwood Valve Products, Inc. Ohio Sherwood Valve LLC Delaware DENO Investment Company, Inc. Michigan Mueller de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. (1) 
 Mexico The Mosack Group, LLC (2) 
 Delaware DENO Holding Company, Inc. Michigan B & K Industries, Inc. Illinois Mueller Copper Tube Products, Inc. Delaware Howell Metal Company (d b a Precision Tube) Virginia Turbotec Products, Inc. Connecticut Mueller Canada Holding Co. Ltd. Yukon Territory Heatlink Group, Inc. Alberta Great Lakes Copper Ltd. Nova Scotia Linesets, Inc. Delaware Climate Components, LLC Delaware Arava Natural Resources Company, Inc. Delaware United States Fuel Company Nevada King Coal Company Utah Canco Oil & Gas Ltd. Alberta Aegis Oil & Gas Leasing, Ltd. Alberta Bayard Mining Corp. Delaware Washington Mining Company Maine Amwest Exploration Company Delaware USSRAM Exploration Company Maine White Knob Mining Company Idaho Arava Exploration Company Colorado Summit Systems, Inc. Delaware Mining Remedial Recovery Company Delaware Carpentertown Coal & Coke Company Pennsylvania U.S.S. Lead Refinery, Inc. Maine Leon Water Enterprises, Inc. (9) 
 Texas Macomber Construction Company Ohio Macomber, Incorporated Ohio Macomber Building and Land Corporation Delaware Mueller Copper Tube West Company, Inc. Utah MII Financial Corporation Michigan Mueller Streamline Holding S.L.U. Spain WTC Holding Co. I, LLC Delaware WTC Holding Co. II, LLC Delaware Mueller Comercial de Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. (3) 
 Mexico NICNA Mexico Servicios, S. de R.L. de C.V. (4) 
 Mexico Mueller Streamline II, LLC Delaware Changzhou Mueller Refrigerant Valve Manufacturing Co., Ltd. China Mueller Industries Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China 

State or Country Subsidiary of Incorporation Mueller Streamline Trading, LLC Delaware Mueller Streamline China, LLC Delaware 
 All subsidiaries are 100 owned, except as shown. 
 (1) Owned by DENO Investment Company, Inc. (99.94 and Mueller Streamline Co. (.06 
 (2) Owned by DENO Investment Company, Inc. (17 
 (3) Owned by Mueller Streamline Holding S.L.U. (99.983 ), WTC HoldCo I, LLC (0.016 ), and WTC HoldCo II, LLC (0.001 
 (4) Less than 1 of the outstanding common stock is owned by WTC HoldCo I, LLC 
 (5) Owned by DENO Investment Company II, Inc. (50 
 (6) Owned by Mueller Europe Investment Company Ltd. (60 
 (7) Owned by DENO Investment Company II, Inc. (50 
 (8) Owned by Muellux Holding Company II SARL (55 
 (9) Owned by OWL Petroleum Company (50 

</EX-21.0>

<EX-23.0>
 5
 q42022exhibit23.htm
 EX-23.0

Document 

Exhibit 23.0 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 1) Form S-3 No. 333-182906 pertaining to the registration of 20,845,718 shares of Mueller Industries, Inc. common stock, 
 2) Form S-8 No. 333-232882 pertaining to the Mueller Industries, Inc. 2019 Incentive Plan, 
 3) Form S-8 No. 333-197609 pertaining to the Mueller Industries, Inc. 2014 Incentive Plan, 
 4) Form S-8 No. 333-160718 pertaining to the Mueller Industries, Inc. 2009 Stock Incentive Plan, 
 5) Form S-8 No. 333-138413 pertaining to the Mueller Industries, Inc. 2002 Stock Option Plan, and 
 6) Form S-8 No. 333-91238 pertaining to the Mueller Industries, Inc. 2002 Stock Option Plan 
 
 of our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Mueller Industries, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Mueller Industries, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Mueller Industries, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Ernst & Young LLP Ernst & Young LLP Memphis, Tennessee February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.0>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 q42022exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 

I, Gregory L. Christopher, certify that 
 1 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Mueller Industries, Inc. 2 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 5 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 28, 2023 s Gregory L. Christopher Gregory L. Christopher Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 q42022exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 

I, Jeffrey A. Martin, certify that 
 1 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Mueller Industries, Inc. 2 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 5 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 28, 2023 s Jeffrey A. Martin Jeffrey A. Martin Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 q42022exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Mueller Industries, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Gregory L. Christopher, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. s Gregory L. Christopher Gregory L. Christopher Chief Executive Officer Date February 28, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 q42022exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Mueller Industries, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeffrey A. Martin, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. s Jeffrey A. Martin Jeffrey A. Martin Chief Financial Officer Date February 28, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 10
 exhibit991q42022insidertra.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 

MUELLER INDUSTRIES, INC. INSIDER TRADING POLICY 
 
 THIS POLICY HAS BEEN APPROVED BY THE AUDIT COMMITTEE 
 OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF MUELLER INDUSTRIES, INC. the Company 
 ON FEBRUARY 6, 2023 
 AND IS APPLICABLE TO ALL DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, 
 ADVISORS, AND CONSULTANTS OF THE COMPANY 
 Policy Statement 
 The purchase or sale of securities while possessing material nonpublic information or the selective disclosure of such information to others who may trade is prohibited by federal and state laws. 
 Mueller Industries, Inc. (the Company has adopted the following policy with respect to purchases and sales of the Company's securities by directors, officers, employees, advisors and consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries who have material nonpublic information about the Company and about other firms with which it works closely. For purposes of this policy, outside directors, advisors and consultants are included within the term employee. Each employee is responsible for ensuring that he or she does not violate federal or state securities laws or the Company s policy concerning securities trading. This policy is designed to promote compliance with federal securities laws and to protect the Company, as well as those persons, from the very serious liabilities and penalties that can result from violations of these laws. 
 Potential penalties for insider trading violations include civil fines for up to three times the profit gained or loss avoided by the trading, criminal fines of up to 5,000,000, or jail sentences of up to 20 years. In addition, a company whose employee violates the insider prohibitions may be liable for civil fines of up to the greater of 1,000,000 or three times the profit gained or loss avoided as a result of the employee's insider trading violations. 
 The Company s Policy 
 Company employees may not trade in the stock or other securities of any firm when they know material nonpublic information about the firm. This restriction on insider trading is not limited to trading in the Company s securities. It includes trading in the securities of other firms such as customers, suppliers or vendors of the Company and those with which the Company may be negotiating major transactions, such as an acquisition, investment or sale. Information that is not material to the Company may nevertheless be material to one of those other firms. 
 Trading includes purchases and sales of stock, bonds, debentures, options, puts, calls and other similar securities. This policy includes trades made pursuant to any investment direction under employee benefit plans as well as trades in the open market. This policy also applies to the exercise of options with an immediate sale of some or all of the shares through a broker (a cashless exercise ). 
 Employees must not pass material nonpublic information on to others or recommend to anyone the purchase or sale of any securities on the basis of such information. This practice, known as tipping, also violates the securities laws and can result in the same civil and criminal penalties that apply to insider trading, whether or not the employee derives any benefit from another s actions. 
 The same restrictions apply to family members and other persons living in an employee s household. Employees are expected to be responsible for the compliance of the members of their immediate family and personal household. 
 Because of the unique potential for abuse of material nonpublic information, it is also the Company s policy that directors, officers and employees may not engage in short-term speculative transactions involving trading in the Company s securities. This would include short sales and buying or selling puts or calls. The Company s Anti Hedging and Pledging Policy is included in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
 Policies 2023 Insider Trading 

Definition of Material Nonpublic Information 
 Material information . Information is material if there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider it important in deciding whether to buy, hold or sell a security. Therefore, any information that could reasonably be expected to affect the price of the security is material. While it is not possible to create an exhaustive list, the following items are some types of information or events that the Securities and Exchange Commission has indicated may be material 
 Earnings information 
 A pending or prospective merger, acquisition, tender offer or joint venture 
 A significant sale of assets or disposition of a significant subsidiary 
 A gain or loss of a material contract, customer or supplier 
 The development or release of a new product or service 
 Changes in senior management 
 The offering of additional securities 
 Both positive and negative information can be material. Because any trading that receives scrutiny will be evaluated after the fact (with the benefit of hindsight), questions concerning the materiality of particular information should be reviewed in consultation with the Company s General Counsel. 
 Nonpublic Information . Nonpublic information is information that is not generally known or available to the public. Information is considered to be available to the public only when it has been released to the public through appropriate channels, e.g., by means of a press release or a statement from one of the Company s senior officers, and enough time has elapsed to permit the investment market to absorb and evaluate the information. As a general rule, information is considered nonpublic until the second business day after the date of public disclosure. 
 Unauthorized Disclosure 
 Maintaining the confidentiality of Company information is essential for competitive, security and other business reasons, as well as to comply with securities laws. Information an employee learns about the Company or its business plans in connection with his or her employment is potentially inside information until publicly disclosed or made available by the Company. The employee should treat all such information as confidential and proprietary to the Company. The employee may not disclose it to others, such as family members, other relatives, or business or social acquaintances, who do not need to know it for legitimate business reasons. 
 Also, the timing and nature of the Company s disclosure of material information to outsiders is subject to legal rules, the breach of which could result in substantial liability to the employee, the Company and its management. Accordingly, it is important that only specifically designated representatives of the Company discuss the business of the Company and its affiliates and subsidiaries with the news media, securities analysts and investors. There are also very strict regulations governing such communications. If you receive any inquiry of this nature, you should, without comment, refer the inquiry to the Company s Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) or General Counsel. 
 Trading Windows 
 Employees with access to the Company s quarterly earnings information (regardless of whether such access is to the quarterly earnings information of the Company as a whole or only one or more of the Company s operating segments) prior to the release of such information to the public are permitted to trade in the Company s securities only during four yearly window periods. The General Counsel will notify those employees who are subject to this restriction. The four window periods are those periods commencing on the second trading day following the date of release to the public of the Company s earnings for the prior fiscal quarter and ending on the last day of the second month of the 
 2 
 Policies 2023 Insider Trading 

fiscal quarter. Generally, the earnings release will occur between 25 and 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter. For example, if the earnings for the fiscal quarter ended on March 31st are released on May 8th, trades may be made only during the period commencing on May 10th (assuming May 8, 9 and 10 are trading days that year) and ending on May 31st. 
 In addition to the foregoing, from time to time, an event may occur that is material to the Company and is known by only a few directors, officers and or employees, such as a cybersecurity incident. So long as the event remains material and nonpublic, those persons designated by the General Counsel may not trade in the Company s securities, even during a window period. The General Counsel will communicate any event-specific trading restriction to the relevant personnel. The existence of an event-specific trading restriction may not be announced to the Company as a whole, and should not be communicated to any person. 
 All employees required to trade during window periods are required to contact the Company s General Counsel prior to initiating any trade in the Company s securities, or making a gift or charitable donation of Company securities (including transfers to family trusts, GRATs or similar estate planning vehicles), at any time of the year, whether during a window period or not. Such employees wishing to trade other than during a window period may make application for an exception to this Policy based on good cause. Applications for an exception must be made for each transaction, prior to the transaction, and will be reviewed and decided in management s sole discretion. 
 Please note that the restrictions outlined above do not apply to or affect the ability of employees to exercise stock options, or exercise a tax withholding right pursuant to which a person has elected to have the Company withhold shares subject to a stock option to satisfy tax withholding requirements however, they do apply to the sale of the shares issued upon exercise of such stock options, including any sale of stock as part of a broker-assisted cashless exercise of any option. These restrictions also do not apply to the vesting of restricted stock or restricted stock units, or the exercise of a tax withholding right pursuant to which an employee elects to have the Company withhold shares of stock to satisfy tax withholding requirements upon the vesting of restricted stock or restricted stock units. Further, bona fide gifts are not transactions subject to this Policy, unless (i) the person making the gift has reason to believe that the recipient intends to sell the Company securities while the person making the gift is aware of material nonpublic information (or the person making the gift is subject to the window period restrictions specified above and such person has reason to believe that the recipient intends to sell the Company securities outside of a window period) or (ii) the person making the gift will receive value related to the gift or donation (e.g., a tax deduction related to a charitable donation). 
 In addition, purchases or sales of the Company s securities made pursuant to, and in compliance with, a written plan that meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (a Trading Plan may be made by an employee without restriction to any particular period and without pre-clearance by the Company s General Counsel provided that (i) the Trading Plan was established in good faith, in compliance with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1, at a time when such employee was not in possession of material nonpublic information about the Company and the Company had not imposed any trading blackout period and (ii) such employee notifies the Company s General Counsel prior to the adoption of such Trading Plan. Any employee maintaining a Trading Plan is required to notify the Company s General Counsel prior to adopting any amendments to the Trading Plan or terminating the Trading Plan prior to the expiration of its term. 
 Personal Responsibility Assistance 
 Each employee should remember that the ultimate responsibility for adhering to this policy and avoiding improper trading rests with the employee. In this regard, it is important that each employee use his or her best judgment. If an employee violates this policy, the Company may take disciplinary action, up to and including termination. 
 Compliance with this policy by all employees is of the utmost importance both for the employee and for the Company. Any person who has any questions about the application of this policy to any particular case may obtain additional guidance from the General Counsel. 
 
 3 
 Policies 2023 Insider Trading 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 mli-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 mli-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 mli-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 mli-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 mli-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

