<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230320_10-K_edgar_data_1827871_0001193125-23-074903.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5854076</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>401673</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1013517</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1596011</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1396785</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1302770</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-074903.hdr.sgml : 20230320
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230320173026
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-074903
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230320
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230320

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TLG Acquisition One Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001827871
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39948
		FILM NUMBER:		23747257

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		515 NORTH FLAGLER DRIVE, SUITE 520
		CITY:			WEST PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-945-8340

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		515 NORTH FLAGLER DRIVE, SUITE 520
		CITY:			WEST PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-074903.txt : 20230320

10-K
 1
 d461286d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

, FL 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, ac ce
lerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 

 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The aggregate market value of the shares of Class A common stock held by non-affiliates
 of the registrant was . As of March
 17, 2023, shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class F
 common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

1 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

12 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

47 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

47 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

47 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

47 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

48 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 

49 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

49 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

56 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

56 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

57 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

57 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

57 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

57 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

58 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

64 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

65 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

66 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

68 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

69 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

71 

Table of Contents 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K including, without limitation, statements under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward looking statements. When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K words such as may, anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may include, for example, statements about: 

meet the closing conditions to the Business Combination (as defined below), including approval by our stockholders and Electriq (as defined below) on the expected terms and schedule; 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses should the proposed Business Combination not occur; 

realize the benefits expected from the proposed Business Combination; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses should the proposed Business Combination not occur; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete the proposed Business Combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities should the proposed Business Combination not occur; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account balance; 

the Trust Account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance. Such forward looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. No assurance can be given that results in any forward-looking statement will be achieved and actual results could be affected by one or more factors, which could cause them to differ materially. The cautionary statements made in this Annual Report should be read as being applicable to all forward-looking statements whenever they appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to, the risk factors set forth in the section titled Risk Factors and others detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. We maintain a corporate website at www.tlgacquisitions.com. The information that may be contained on or accessible through our corporate website or any other website that we may maintain is not incorporated by reference in, or otherwise a part of, this Annual Report. 

Table of Contents 

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The following is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky, all of which are more fully described below in the section titled Risk Factors. This summary should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and should not be relied upon as an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing our business. In addition to the following summary, you should consider the information set forth in the Risk Factors section and the other information contained in this Annual Report before investing in our securities: Risks Relating to Our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination: 

our ability to approve the initial business combination without affording public shareholders a vote and complete our initial business combination without the support of a majority of our public shareholders; 

the fact that our sponsor, officers, directors and RBC have agreed to vote in favor of the initial business combination we propose regardless of how our public stockholders vote: 

that the proposed Business Combination may be subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations, which may impose conditions on the consummation of the Business Combination or may cause us to be unable to consummate the proposed Business Combination; 

our public shareholders ability to exercise redemption rights, including your ability to effect an investment decision only by redeeming shares for cash; 

the requirement that we complete our initial business combination by April 1, 2023 (as such period may be extended to August 1, 2023) and any potential leverage this could give prospective targets; 

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic; 

our pool of prospective target business, including our ability to select an appropriate target business and our expectations around the performance of the prospective target businesses; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing if necessary to complete our initial business combination; and 

changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. Risks relating to our securities, including risks and uncertainties surrounding: 

the possibility that NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange; 

being declared an investment company under the Investment Company Act; 

our ability to amend the terms of warrants with approval of holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants in a manner that may be adverse to the holders thereof; 

our ability to redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that would make them worthless; 

the grant of registration rights which may inhibit the completion of our initial business combination or adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock; and 

potential lack of liquidity and trading of our securities. Risks relating to our management, including risks and uncertainties surrounding: 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities should the proposed Business Combination not occur; 

our sponsor, officers and directors losing their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed; and 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination. Other general risks, including risks and uncertainties surrounding: 

being a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues; 

our ability to comply with changing laws and regulations; 

the Inflation Reduction Act which could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a business combination and in our ability to complete a business combination. 

data privacy and security breaches; and 

acquiring and operating a business in foreign countries. 

Table of Contents 

PART I Item 1. Business GENERAL We are a blank check company incorporated in October, 2020 as a Delaware corporation (the Company or TLG whose business purpose is to effect a business combination with one or more businesses (the initial business combination ). We have reviewed a number of opportunities to enter into an initial business combination with an operating business, but we are not able to determine at this time whether we will complete the pending Business Combination or another initial business combination should the proposed Business Combination not occur. We also have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, the Company is a shell company as defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. In October 2020, we issued an aggregate of 8,625,000 Class F common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, the founder shares, to TLG Acquisition Founder LLC, our sponsor, for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share. Subsequently, in October 2020, our sponsor sold 431,250 founder shares to John Michael Lawrie at their original purchase price, which were subsequently contributed by Mr. Lawrie to an affiliate of our sponsor. In January 2021, our sponsor transferred 40,000 founder shares to each of our independent directors (collectively, together with our sponsor and its affiliate referenced in the prior sentence, the Initial Stockholders at their original purchase price. In January 2021, we effected a stock dividend of 0.15942029 of a share of Class F common stock for each outstanding share of Class F common stock, resulting in the Initial Stockholders holding an aggregate of 10,000,000 founder shares. In January 2022, our sponsor forfeited for no consideration 5,000,000 founder shares in connection with the Extension (as defined below). The registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252032) for our initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on January 27, 2021. On February 1, 2021, the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering of 40,000,000 units, including the issuance of 5,000,000 units as a result of the underwriter s exercise of its over-allotment option in full, at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit. The gross proceeds from the Initial Public Offering were 400,000,000 in aggregate. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-third of one redeemable warrant of the Company. Each whole warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share. Only whole warrants are exercisable. Simultaneous with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the issuance and sale of the Units, the Company consummated the private placement (the Private Placement of 6,666,667 private placement warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating total gross proceeds of 10,000,000. A total of 400,000,000 of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement were placed in a trust account (the Trust Account maintained by the Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee. Transaction costs amounted to approximately 22,700,000, of which 14,000,000 was for deferred underwriting fees. The balance of the funds held outside of the trust account are intended to be used primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In the future, a portion of interest income on the funds held in the Trust Account may be released to us to pay tax obligations. At December 31, 2022, funds held in the Trust Account equaled 80,945,242. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

On January 28, 2023, our Units began trading on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the symbol TLGA.U. On March 17, 2021, we announced that the holders of the Units may elect to separately trade the Class A common stock and redeemable warrants included in the Units commencing on March 22, 2021. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-third of one redeemable warrant to purchase one share of Class A common stock. Any units not separated will continue to trade on the NYSE under the symbol TLGA.U. Any underlying Class A common stock that are separated will trade on NYSE under the symbol TLGA. On November 4, 2022, the NYSE suspended trading in the Public Warrants based on abnormally low price levels pursuant to Section 802.01D of the NYSE Listed Company Manual. The NYSE delisted the Public Warrants and filed a notification of removal from listing on November 21, 2022. TLG intends to apply to continue the listing of the common stock of New Electriq (as defined below) on the NYSE and list the shares of New Electriq common stock to be issued in connection with the proposed Business Combination and related matters on the NYSE under the proposed symbol ELIQ upon the closing of the proposed Business Combination (the Closing ). PROPOSED BUSINESS COMBINATION On November 13, 2022, the Company and Eagle Merger Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), entered into a Merger Agreement, as amended on December 23, 2022 and as may be further amended (the Merger Agreement with Electriq Power, Inc., a Delaware corporation Electriq ). If the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the Transactions are completed, Merger Sub will merge with and into Electriq, with Electriq surviving such merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger ). As a result of the Merger, and upon consummation of the Merger and the other Transactions (together with the Merger, the Proposed Business Combination ), the separate corporate existence of Electriq will cease to exist and the holders of Electriq common stock, preferred stock, options, warrants and other convertible securities (collectively, the Electriq equityholders will become equityholders of the Company, which will change its name to Electriq Power Holdings, Inc. in connection with the Business Combination New Electriq ). As part of the Merger, Electriq equityholders will receive aggregate merger consideration (the Merger Consideration of 495 million, consisting of up to 49,500,000 shares of the Company s Class A common stock, valued at 10.00 per share, and the right to elect to receive up to 25.0 million in cash with a corresponding reduction in the number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock. At the closing of the Merger (the Closing ), 2,000,000 shares of the Company s Class A common stock from the Merger Consideration (the Merger Consideration Incentive Shares will be placed into an escrow account to be used as Merger Consideration Incentive Shares. As part of the Merger Consideration, holders of Electriq s warrants and options not exercised prior to the Merger will receive replacement warrants and options, respectively, to purchase shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock based on the value of the Merger Consideration per share of Electriq common stock. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to enter into subscription agreements, non-redemption agreements, backstop agreements or similar financing agreements (the Financing Agreements with one or more persons to provide at least the level of cash required to provide adequate operating liquidity for New Electriq through December 31, 2023 (such transactions, the Financings ). In connection with the Financings, 7,000,000 shares of the Company s Class A common stock (the Incentive Shares will be placed in escrow at Closing, consisting of 5,000,000 newly issued shares of The Company s Class A common stock (the New Incentive Shares and the 2,000,000 Merger Consideration Incentive Shares. The New Incentive Shares will be paid out as incentives in the Financings first, followed by the Merger Consideration Incentive Shares. At the termination of the escrow, any New Incentive Shares not paid out in the Financing will be transferred 50 to the Sponsor (defined in the Merger Agreement) and 50 to the Electriq equityholders, and any Merger Consideration Incentive Shares not paid out in the Financing will be returned to the Electriq equityholders. The Merger Agreement includes covenants of Electriq with respect to operation of its business prior to consummation of the Merger. The Merger Agreement also contains additional covenants of the parties, including, among others, a covenant to make any required filings pursuant to the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended HSR ), and the preparation and filing of a registration statement on Form S-4 relating to the Merger and containing a proxy statement of the Company (the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement ). The Merger Agreement also contains exclusivity provisions prohibiting Electriq and its subsidiaries from soliciting, initiating, knowingly facilitating, participating in, entering into, continuing discussions, negotiations or transactions with, or knowingly encouraging or responding to any inquiries or proposals by, or providing any information to any person relating to or that could reasonably be expect to lead to, or enter into or consummate any transaction relating to a Competing Company Transaction (as defined in the Merger Agreement), subject to limited exceptions specified therein. The Merger Agreement contains customary representations and warranties of the parties thereto with respect to the parties, the Business Combination contemplated by the Merger Agreement and their respective business operations and activities. The representations and warranties of the parties generally do not survive the Closing. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Consummation of the Business Combination is generally subject to customary conditions, including (a) expiration or termination of all applicable waiting periods under HSR, (b) the absence of any law or governmental order prohibiting the consummation of the Merger, (c) the effectiveness of the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement, (d) the Company s Class A common stock to be issued in the Merger having been listed on The New York Stock Exchange NYSE upon the Closing, and otherwise satisfying the applicable listing requirements of NYSE, (e) receipt of stockholder approval from stockholders of each of the Company and Electriq for consummation of the Merger and other related necessary matters and (f) the Company having net tangible assets following the redemptions of at least 5,000,001. The Merger Agreement may be terminated under certain customary and limited circumstances at any time prior to the Closing, including by mutual written consent or if the Business Combination has not been consummated on or prior to April 1, 2023 (subject to extensions until as late as June 1, 2023). In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, certain security holders of Electriq (the Electriq Holders entered into lock-up agreements (each, a Lock-up Agreement with Electriq and the Company. Pursuant to the Lock-up Agreements, the Electriq Holders agreed, among other things, that their shares of the Company s Class A common stock received as Merger Consideration may not be transferred until the earlier to occur of (i) six months following Closing and (ii) the date after the Closing on which New Electriq completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of New Electriq stockholders having the right to exchange their equity holdings in New Electriq for cash, securities or other property (the Lock-up ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, after the Closing, (i) the volume weighted average price per share of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-day trading period, 10 of the Restricted Securities (as defined in the Lock-up Agreement) of each Electriq Holder is released from the Lock-up and (ii) the volume weighted average price per share of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds 15.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-day trading period, an additional 10 of the Restricted Securities of each Electriq Holder will be released from the Lock-up. In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company entered into an agreement (the Sponsor Agreement with Electriq, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor and the Company s independent directors, whereby the Sponsor and holders of the Company s Class F common stock have agreed to waive certain of their anti-dilution and conversion rights with respect to the Class F common stock. The Sponsor also agreed to subject its holdings of the Company s Class F common stock, and the other holders of the Company s Class F common stock agreed to subject their Class F common stock, to certain transfer restrictions as follows: (i) with respect to 500,000 shares of Class F common stock, the Sponsor will not transfer such shares until the earliest to occur of (x) the fifth anniversary of the Closing, (y) such time as the closing volume weighted average price of a share of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 for any 20 trading days within any 30-day trading period and (z) the date after the Closing on which New Electriq completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of New Electriq stockholders having the right to exchange their the Company s Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property; (ii) with respect to an additional 500,000 shares of Class F common stock, the Sponsor will not transfer such shares until the earliest to occur of (x) the fifth anniversary of the Closing, (y) such time as the closing volume weighted average price of a share of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds 15.00 for any 20 trading days within any 30-day trading period or (z) the date after the Closing on which New Electriq completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of New Electriq stockholders having the right to exchange their the Company s Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property; and (iii) with respect to all of the shares of Class F common stock (including those covered in (i) and (ii)), the Sponsor and the other holders will not transfer such shares until the earliest to occur of (x) the six-month anniversary of the Closing or (y) the date after the Closing on which New Electriq completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of New Electriq stockholders having the right to exchange their the Company s Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property; provided that (i) 10 of such shares of Class F common stock will be released at such time as the closing volume weighted average price of a share of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 for any 20 trading days within any 30-day trading period and (ii) an additional 10 of such shares of Class F common stock will be released at such time as the closing volume weighted average price of a share of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds 15.00 for any 20 trading days within any 30-day trading period. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, certain stockholders of Electriq (each, a Supporting Electriq Stockholder ), Electriq and the Company entered into a Support Agreement (the Support Agreement ). Under the Support Agreement, each Supporting Electriq Stockholder agreed to, among other things, (i) vote at any meeting of the stockholders of Electriq or by written consent all of its Electriq common stock and/or Electriq preferred stock, as applicable, held of record or thereafter acquired in favor of the Merger and the Transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and (ii) be bound by certain transfer restrictions with respect to Electriq securities, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Support Agreement. The Merger Agreement contemplates that, at the Closing, New Electriq, the Sponsor and certain former Electriq equityholders will enter into a stockholders agreement (the Stockholders Agreement ), pursuant to which (i) the Sponsor will be entitled to nominate one (1) director until the date upon which the Sponsor s and its affiliates aggregate initial ownership interest of the issued and outstanding common stock of New Electriq Sponsor Initial Ownership Interest decreases to one-half of Sponsor Initial Ownership Interest and (ii) Greensoil Building Innovation Fund Co-Investment I, L.P. Greensoil will be entitled to nominate one (1) director until the date upon which Greensoil s and its affiliates aggregate initial ownership interest of the issued and outstanding common stock of New Electriq Greensoil Initial Ownership Interest decreases to one-half of the Greensoil Initial Ownership Interest. The Sponsor and Greensoil will also each be entitled to designate one non-voting board observer until the date upon which each of the Sponsor and Greensoil, respectively, holds less than 1 of the issued and outstanding common stock of New Electriq. The Merger Agreement contemplates that, at the Closing, New Electriq, the Sponsor, certain of its affiliates, RBC and certain former stockholders of Electriq will enter into an amended and restated registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, New Electriq will agree to register for resale, pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), certain shares of the Company s Class A common stock that are held by, or issuable pursuant to other securities held by, the parties thereto from time to time. BUSINESS STRATEGY Our business strategy is to identify and complete our initial business combination with a company or companies that can benefit from our management team s operational and investment expertise to build long-term shareholder value. We aim to achieve the following: 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Leverage Our Management Team s Network and the TLG Platform to Source Potential Acquisition Targets Our selection process for an initial business combination target will leverage our management team s relationship network developed through their success both operating blue-chip public companies and investing in businesses across a variety of industry sectors. In addition, our team aims to leverage TLG s platform and network of growing relationship with founders, chief executive officers and other executives, venture capitalists, private equity investors, board members, intermediaries, and other industry leaders to access a broad spectrum of differentiated opportunities. Our management team believes that our sponsor s presence in the private equity industry and active participation on boards of companies, results in inbound communication from founders, shareholders, management teams, and investment bankers seeking their advice and soliciting their interest in investment opportunities. Capitalize on Our Management Team s Knowledge of Specific Industries We believe that industry knowledge is essential in identifying high quality investment opportunities. Our management team has operated and invested in multiple public and private companies across several industries, including technology, healthcare, financial services, and business services sectors. We believe that the technology sector and other sectors impacted by technological disruption will produce significant investment opportunities and avenues for long-term value creation. Further, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we believe there has been widespread stress on many companies in multiple sectors. We anticipate challenges and the need for restructuring with respect to supply chains, management systems, cost optimization, and financial models, even in sectors that are expected to recover relatively quickly. We therefore anticipate that many more companies will need to formulate a turnaround plan to address these stresses. All these issues create opportunities for investment. Our management team consists of industry veterans who have experience with technological adoption and innovation at multiple organizations and helped companies navigate financial and operating challenges through macroeconomic cycles. Employ Decades of Public Company Operational Prowess in Partnering with and Supporting Motivated Executive Teams We intend to closely partner with executives who aspire to have their company become a public entity and generate long-term value. We believe that in their capacity as chairpersons and board members of multiple publicly traded companies as well as private companies, our management team has gained hands-on experience supporting business executives with varied experiences. We believe that our management team has demonstrated success in transforming executive teams to realize their full potential as sophisticated leaders of publicly traded entities. Apply TLG s Proprietary Value Creation Model to Drive Long-Term Operational Success Our management team has established reputation for growing platforms in the public markets, driving digital innovation throughout organizations, executing both financial and operating turnarounds, and creating value in complex situations. We evaluate the public and private markets using our research and dialogue with industry participants, entrepreneurs, and business operators to uncover quality private companies as well as spin-out candidates who may benefit from our operating and capital expertise to accelerate growth, navigate a transition or a challenging time in their business. We will look to employ TLG s proprietary and differentiated Value Creation Model, discussed below, to formulate an appropriate operating plan, which may include benchmarking revenue and revenue enhancement strategies, identifying cost take-out opportunities, establishing margin goals, and assessing risks and priorities. The Value Creation Model consists of five components: (i) Strategy, (ii) Asset Allocation, (iii) Financial Model, (iv) Management Team, and (v) Culture, which includes compensation and measurement models. The Strategy element aims to identify how a company is positioned in its industry and whether it has favorable presence in promising subsectors within its industry. The Asset Allocation element looks to assess whether a company has requisite assets and partnerships to execute on its strategy and if there is a need to divest or acquire assets. The Financial Model element focuses on the quality of earnings, transparency of the financial model, and approach to capital allocation. The Management Team element of the Model seeks to ensure if a bench of motivated senior executives is in place to lead the company and if there is a need to adjust or augment the existing 
 5 

Table of Contents 

management team. Finally, the Culture element of the Model assesses if management and compensation systems incentivize driving key performance metrics consistent with business and financial goals and if an open and transparent culture, focused on ethical business practices, exists. Utilize our Management Team s Track Record of Expanding Platforms via Strategic Combinations We plan to capitalize on our management team s extensive industry networks to arrange synergistic business combinations, whether consummated simultaneously with or subsequent to a potential platform investment. We aim to identify synergistic combinations that are consistent with the target s business strategy and will be value-accretive to the platform. ACQUISITION CRITERIA Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective targets for our initial business combination. We will use these criteria and guidelines in our evaluation, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet all of these criteria and guidelines. We generally intend to focus on the following characteristics in our evaluation of potential target businesses: 

Size: Companies that alone, or through a strategic combination with another company, have an equity valuation between 500 million to 2.0 billion. 

Sector: Targets in large, growing markets with favorable end market dynamics such as high fragmentation and secular tailwinds. We may target companies that operate in industries that can potentially benefit from scale and synergies from consolidation. As part of our consideration, we may also target ESG-oriented companies that seek to reduce company and/or societal carbon footprints, such as companies participating in the societal shift away from fossil fuels. We will seek to leverage our management team s experience in the broader technology, healthcare, business services, and financial services domains to identify potential companies. We will also seek to leverage our management team s experience in identifying targets that are either disruptors in their space or are faced with technological disruption. 

Competitive Differentiation: Acquisition targets that have a unique value proposition and are leaders, visionaries or growing niche players in their respective industries. Demonstrated competitive advantages may include large and sticky customer base, global footprint, significant assets and/or IP, first mover advantage within a sector, or highly skilled labor. 

Management Team: Companies with strong management teams with established track records who would further benefit from our network and expertise. 

Financial Profile: Businesses that have growing revenue streams, recurring or highly visible revenue models, low levels of leverage, and already have, or have the potential to generate, stable and increasing free cash flow. 

Value Creation Opportunities: Opportunities that are best positioned to benefit from our management team s decades of practical experience executing operating turnarounds, helping companies realize their full potential through significantly scaling businesses, strategically repositioning them, and expanding operations to establish a global presence. These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to our initial business combination. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. We will also utilize our operational and capital planning experience. We currently have a pending Business Combination with Electriq. If our Business Combination with Electriq is not completed, the time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. We will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Members of our management team directly or indirectly own shares of our common stock and/or private placement warrants and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. With the exception of Mr. Johnson, our management and our directors may sponsor or form other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. In addition, each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity. We expect that if an opportunity is presented to one of our officers or directors in his or her capacity as an officer or director of one of those other entities, such opportunity would be presented to such other entity and not to us. Initial Business Combination The NYSE rules require that our initial business combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if any, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held in trust) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not currently intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination, although there is no assurance that will be the case. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the 
 7 

Table of Contents 

post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons. However, we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If our initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. On December 19, 2022, TLG obtained stockholder approval to allow us to extend the time by which we must complete our initial business combination (the Extension on a monthly basis up to six times from February 1, 2023 to August 1, 2023 by depositing into the Trust Account the lesser of (i) an aggregate of 600,000 or (ii) 0.06 for each issued and outstanding public share that has not been redeemed for each one-month Extension. In connection with the approval of the Extension, the holders of 32,051,595 shares of Class A common stock properly exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account. Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets We believe our management team s significant operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This network has grown through the activities of our management team sourcing, acquiring, financing and selling businesses, our management team s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams and the experience of our management team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. We believe that the network of contacts and relationships of our management team will provide us with important sources of acquisition opportunities. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other reasons. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to limitations described herein. As of December 31, 2022, the amount in the Trust Account was approximately 10.18 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Our sponsor, officers, directors and an affiliate of our sponsor have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. RBC has also agreed not to redeem any such shares of our Class A common stock owned by it for which it has investment control in connection with a stockholder vote for our initial business combination. Limitations on Redemptions Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our sponsor or its affiliates to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our sponsor or its affiliates at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that we will have only until April 1, 2023 (as such period may be extended to August 1, 2023) to complete our initial business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period. Our sponsor, officers, directors and an affiliate of our sponsor have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by April 1, 2023 (as such period may be extended to August 1, 2023). However, if our sponsor, officers, directors and such affiliate of our sponsor acquire public shares of our common stock, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time period. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to such letter agreement, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by April 1, 2023 (as such period may be extended to August 1, 2023) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Competition We currently have a pending Business Combination with Electriq. If our Business Combination with Electriq is not completed, in identifying, evaluating and selecting a new target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these entities are well-established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Facilities We currently maintain our executive offices at 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 520, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Employees We currently have three officers and do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that members of our management will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. Available Information We are required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and are required to disclose certain material events in a Current Report on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s Internet website is located at www.sec.gov . In addition, the Company will provide copies of these documents without charge upon request from us in writing at 515 N. Flagler Drive, Suite 520, West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 or by telephone at (561) 945-8340. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to Our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. We may not hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would typically require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance, the NYSE rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a stockholder meeting but would still require us to obtain stockholder approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination. Therefore, if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares, we would seek stockholder approval of such business combination. However, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination we consummate. Please see the section entitled Initial Business Combination Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination for additional information. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers, directors and RBC have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. Unlike many other blank check companies in which the initial stockholders agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by the public stockholders in connection with an initial business combination, our sponsor, officers, directors and an affiliate of our sponsor have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote any founder shares and any public shares held by them, in favor of our initial business combination. RBC has also agreed to vote any shares of our Class A common stock owned by it for which it has voting control in favor of our initial business combination and not to redeem any such shares for which it has investment control in connection with such stockholder vote. As a result, in addition to the Initial Stockholders founder shares, we would need 1,474,203, or approximately 18.5 (assuming all outstanding shares are voted), or none (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 7,948,405 public shares sold in the Initial Public Offering that have not been redeemed to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have such initial business combination approved (or, if the applicable rules of the NYSE then in effect require approval by a majority of the votes cast by public stockholders, we would need 3,974,203 of public shares sold in the Initial Public Offering that have not been redeemed to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have an initial business combination approved). We expect that the Initial Stockholders and their permitted transferees will own approximately 38.6 of our outstanding common stock at the time of any such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, it is more likely that the necessary stockholder approval will be received than would be the case if such persons agreed to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public stockholders. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of such business combination. You will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder approval. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination. The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a business combination and such amount of deferred underwriting discount is not 
 13 

Table of Contents 

available for us to use as consideration in an initial business combination. If we are able to consummate an initial business combination, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming stockholders will reflect our obligation to pay and the payment of the deferred underwriting commissions. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. The ability of our public stockholder to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore we will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust Account or arrange for third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market. The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination by April 1, 2023 (as such time period may be extended to August 1, 2023). Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that we must complete our initial business combination by April 1, 2023 (as such period may be extended to August 1, 2023) . We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein, including as a result of terrorist attacks, natural disasters significant outbreaks of infectious diseases like the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, or military conflicts, including between Russia and Ukraine, and related sanctions. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. See -If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our securities. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public stockholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our securities and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See Initial Business Combination-Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination-Tendering stock certificates in connection with a tender offer or redemption rights. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination, and then only in connection with those public shares that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by April 1, 2023 (as such period may be extended to August 1, 2023)or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we have not completed our initial business combination by April 1, 2023 (as such period may be extended to August 1, 2023), subject to applicable law. In addition, if we have not completed our initial business combination by April 1, 2023 (as such period may be extended to August 1, 2023) for any reason, compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our Trust Account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond such time period before they receive funds from our Trust Account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. As a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, if we are obligated to pay cash for the shares of Class A common stock which our public stockholders redeemed and, in the event we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we make purchases of our Class A common stock, potentially reducing the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See -If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. If the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the up to 30 months following the closing of this offering, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. The funds available to us outside of the Trust Account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for the up to 30 months following the closing of our Initial Public Offering, assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need for capital through this offering and potential loans from certain of our affiliates are discussed in Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . However, our affiliates are not obligated to make loans to us in the future, and we may not be able to raise additional financing from unaffiliated parties necessary to fund our expenses. Any such event in the future may negatively impact the analysis regarding our ability to continue as a going concern at such time. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to advisors for our potential Business Combination with Electriq or, if our Business Combination with Electriq is not completed, to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See -If third parties 
 17 

Table of Contents 

bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. If the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we may depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search, to pay our taxes and to complete our initial business combination. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. None of our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to, or invest in, us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the Trust Account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. Consequently, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See -If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to subsequently take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any securityholders who choose to remain securityholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such securityholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. Our placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all third parties, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, 
 18 

Table of Contents 

as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them, and to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not completed our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.00 per share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Our sponsor may not have sufficient funds available to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations, and therefore, no funds are currently set aside to cover any such obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per public share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by third parties and prospective target businesses. Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As of December 31, 2022, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate an initial business combination will be successful. If we are unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by April 1, 2023 (as such period may be extended to August 1, 2023) then we will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this report do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to continue as a going concern. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public stockholders. In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. For example, the cost of such legal action may be deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or the independent directors may determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith by paying public stockholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages. If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation would be reduced. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

If we have not consummated our initial business combination by April 1, 2023 (as such period may be extended to August 1, 2023), our public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond such time period before redemption from our Trust Account. If we have not consummated our initial business combination by April 1, 2023 (as such period may be extended to August 1, 2023), we will distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (less up to 100,000 of the net interest earned thereon to pay dissolution expenses), pro rata to our public stockholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs. Any redemption of public stockholders from the Trust Account shall be effected automatically by function of our amended and certificate of incorporation prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to windup, liquidate the Trust Account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public stockholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the DGCL. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond such time period before the redemption proceeds of our Trust Account become available to them and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our Trust Account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and only then in cases where investors have properly sought to redeem their common stock. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public stockholders be entitled to distributions if we have not completed our initial business combination with the required time period and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prior thereto. Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by April 1, 2023 (as such period may be extended to August 1, 2023) may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following April 1, 2023 (as such period may be extended to August 1, 2023) in the event we do not complete our business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by April 1, 2023 (as such period may be extended to August 1, 
 21 

Table of Contents 

2023) is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination. Our public stockholders will not have the right to elect directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. In addition, as holders of our shares of Class A common stock, our public stockholders will not have the right to vote on the election of directors. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. The grant of registration rights to the Initial Stockholders and holders of our private placement warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in our Initial Public Offering, the Initial Stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of their founder shares, after those shares convert to our Class A common stock. In addition, holders of our private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the private placement warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register the resale of such warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the securities owned by the Initial Stockholders, holders of our private placement warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered for resale. Because we are not limited to a particular industry, sector, geographic area or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. We may seek to complete a business combination with an operating company in any industry, sector or geographic area. However, we will not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. There is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and 
 22 

Table of Contents 

leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any securityholders who choose to remain securityholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such securityholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value of their securities. Past performance by our management team and their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company. Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, our management team and their respective affiliates is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by our management team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of the performance of our management team s performance or the performance of their respective affiliates as indicative of our future performance or of an investment in the company or the returns the company will, or is likely to, generate going forward. We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries, sectors or geographies that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. We will consider a business combination outside of our management s areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors related to such acquisition. Accordingly, any securityholders who choose to remain securityholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such securityholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See -If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

We may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel . To the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

We may issue additional common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class F common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 shares of Class F common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. There are 172,051,595 and 15,000,000 authorized but unissued shares of Class A and Class F common stock, respectively, available for issuance, which amount takes into account the shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants but not the conversion of the Class F common stock. Shares of Class F common stock are automatically convertible into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein. There are no shares of preferred stock outstanding. We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common stock or preferred stock in order to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon conversion of the Class F common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, our amended and certificate of incorporation will provide, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares on any initial business combination. The issuance of additional shares of common stock or preferred stock: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed 
 25 

Table of Contents 

transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See -If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the date of Annual Report on Form 10-K to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following the Initial Public Offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and 

other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. We may only be able to complete one business combination with the remaining proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The remaining net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants provided us with approximately 80 million (after taking into account the funds withdrawn from the 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Trust Account to pay holders that exercised their right to redeem their shares in connection with the Extension) that we may use to complete our initial business combination (before payment of 14.0 million of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the Trust Account). We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a business that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a business that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the 
 27 

Table of Contents 

business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 (such that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules), and the agreement relating to our initial business combination may have additional net tangible asset or cash requirements. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination but that some of our stockholders may not support. In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments, including their warrant agreements, in order to effectuate our initial business combination. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of holders of at least 65 of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business combination activity, without approval by holders of a certain percentage of the company s shares. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by holders holding between 90 and 100 of the company s public shares. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity, other than amendments relating to the appointment of directors, which require the approval of holders of a majority of at least 90 of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement of warrants into the Trust Account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders), may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. The Initial Stockholders, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our common stock upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our sponsor, officers, directors, an affiliate of our sponsor have agreed that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by April 1, 2023 (as such period may be extended to August 1, 2023) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). These agreements are contained in a letter agreement that we have entered into with our sponsor, officers, directors and such affiliate of our sponsor. Our public stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our public stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. Certain agreements related to the Initial Public Offering may be amended without stockholder approval. Certain agreements, including the letter agreement among us and our sponsor, officers, directors and an affiliate of our sponsor, the letter agreement between us and RBC and the registration rights agreement among us and the Initial Stockholders and holders of our private placement warrants, may be amended without stockholder approval. These agreements contain various provisions, including transfer restrictions on our founder shares and private placement warrants and the securities included therein, that our public stockholders might deem to be material. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any 
 29 

Table of Contents 

amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Any such amendments would not require approval from our stockholders, may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. We currently have a pending Business Combination with Electriq. If our Business Combination with Electriq is not completed, and we intend to find new target businesses, we would target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants. If the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See -If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

If we effect our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. We may pursue a business combination with a target business in any geographic location. If we effect our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

higher costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with difficult commercial and legal requirements of the overseas market; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer payment cycles; 

changes in local regulations as part of a response COVID-19; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; 

deterioration of political relations with the United States; 

obligatory military service by personnel; and 

government appropriation of assets. We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such combination or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies increases, there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination. This could increase the costs associated with completing our initial business combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target for our initial business combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many companies have entered into business combinations with special purpose acquisition companies, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many additional special purpose acquisition companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, effort and resources to identify a suitable target for an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find a suitable target for and/or complete our initial business combination. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

We may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the Initial Public Offering, which may include acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred commissions that will be released from the trust only on a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the Initial Public Offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. We may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the Initial Public Offering, including, for example, identifying potential targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay such underwriter or its affiliate fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm s length negotiation. The underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The underwriters or their respective affiliates financial interests tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete an initial business combination, and results of operations. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving SPACs and private operating companies; amending the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; and increasing the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially adversely affect our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. The Business Combination may be subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations, which may impose conditions on the consummation of the Business Combination or may cause the Company to be unable to consummate the Business Combination. The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS is an interagency committee authorized to review the national security implications associated with investments that give a foreign person control over a U.S. business, as well as certain non-controlling but non-passive foreign equity investments in U.S. businesses involved in critical technologies, critical infrastructure and sensitive personal data. Whether CFIUS has jurisdiction to review a transaction depends on, among other factors, the nature of the business and nexus to national security, and the structure of the transaction, particularly concerning the control rights that it would afford to the foreign person, including governance and information access rights. The Business Combination will result in investments by non-U.S. persons in various U.S. entities that may be a covered transaction subject to CFIUS jurisdiction. For example, entities affiliated with GBIF Management Ltd., an entity organized in Canada, will indirectly hold between 24.1 and 32.4 of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company after the Business Combination, assuming the No Redemption scenario and the 86 Redemptions scenario, respectively, as defined in the Form S-4. In addition, GBIF Management Ltd. will have the right to designate one director to the board of the Company after the Business Combination. Any review of the Business Combination by CFIUS may impact transaction certainty, timing, feasibility and cost, among other things. CFIUS has broad authority to mitigate national security risks of a transaction, including requiring mitigation measures such as limiting governance or information access rights or even blocking a transaction. Accordingly, there can be no assurances that such investors will be able to maintain, or proceed with, such investments on terms acceptable to the parties to the Business Combination or such investors. The process of government review could be lengthy. Because we have only a limited time to complete the Business Combination, our failure to obtain any required approvals within the requisite time-period may require us to liquidate. If we liquidate, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata share of amounts held in the trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. This will also cause you to lose any potential investment opportunity in the Business Combination and the chance of realizing future gains on your investment through any price appreciation in the combined company. Risks Relating to Our Securities The NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our units, Class A common stock and warrants are listed on the NYSE. We cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on the NYSE in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum number of holders of our securities. Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the NYSE s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the NYSE. For instance, in order for our Class A common stock to be listed upon the consummation of our initial business combination, at such time, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our total market capitalization would be required to be at least 200,000,000, the aggregate market value of publicly-held shares would be required to be at least 100,000,000 and we would be required to have at least 400 round lot holders. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

If the NYSE delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units, Class A common stock and warrants are listed on the NYSE, our units, Class A common stock and warrants qualify as covered securities under such statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the state of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under such statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. If the NYSE delists our securities prior to our consummation of an initial business combination, we will not be required to acquire a target business with a fair market value of at least 80 of the funds in our Trust Account. NYSE rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts previously disbursed for tax obligations and excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the NYSE were to delist our securities prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, or we were to voluntarily delist our securities prior to such time, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 fair market value test. This would allow us to acquire a target business valued substantially below the amount of funds in our Trust Account. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that had not been selected at the time of our Initial Public Offering, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we will have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units are immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the Initial Public Offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds in the Trust Account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities. each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are not currently subject to. In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the Trust Account may be invested by the trustee only in United States government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in United States Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Because the investment of the proceeds will be restricted to these instruments, we believe we will meet the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to consummate a business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See -If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

If we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate the Company. To avoid that result, on or shortly prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement relating to our initial public offering, we liquidated the securities held in the Trust Account and instead hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash. As a result, following the liquidation, we will likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account, which would reduce the dollar amount that our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the SPAC Rule Proposals ), relating to, among other things, circumstances in which SPACs such as us could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations thereunder. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria. To comply with the duration limitation of the proposed safe harbor, a SPAC would have a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals would require a SPAC to file a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the registration statement relating to the SPAC s initial public offering. Such SPAC would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of the registration statement relating to its initial public offering. There is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including a company like ours, that has not entered into a definitive agreement within 18 months after the effective date of the registration statement relating to its initial public offering or that does not complete its initial business combination within 24 months after such date. We have not entered into a definitive business combination agreement within 18 months after the effective date of the registration statement relating to our initial public offering, and did not complete our initial business combination within 24 months of such date. As a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company. If we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we might be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate. If we are required to liquidate, our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning stock in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our stock and warrants following such a transaction, and our warrants would expire worthless. From our IPO until December 28, 2022, the funds in the trust account were held only in U.S. government securities within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in United States Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. However, to mitigate the risk of us being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act), on December 28, 2022, we liquidated our portfolio of investments held in the Trust Account and converted it into cash held in the Trust Account. As a result, following such liquidation, we will likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the Trust Account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. The exercise price for the public warrants is higher than in many similar blank check company offerings in the past, and, accordingly, the warrants are more likely to expire worthless. The exercise price of the public warrants is higher than is typical in many similar blank check companies in the past. Historically, the exercise price of a warrant was generally a fraction of the purchase price of the units in the initial public offering. The exercise price for our public warrants is 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. As a result, the warrants are less likely to ever be in the money and more likely to expire worthless. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

The Initial Stockholders will control the election of our board of directors until consummation of our initial business combination and will hold a substantial interest in us. As a result, they will elect all of our directors prior to our initial business combination and may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, our initial stockholders will own 20 of our outstanding shares of common stock (assuming they do not purchase any units in the Initial Public Offering). In addition, the founder shares, all of which are held by the Initial Stockholders, will entitle the holders to elect all of our directors prior to our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares will have no right to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended if approved by holders of at least 90 of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon. As a result, you will not have any influence over the election of directors prior to our initial business combination. Neither the Initial Stockholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, as a result of their substantial ownership in our company, the Initial Stockholders may exert a substantial influence on other actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws and approval of major corporate transactions. If the Initial Stockholders purchase any additional shares of Class A common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their influence over these actions. Accordingly, the Initial Stockholders will exert significant influence over actions requiring a stockholder vote at least until the completion of our initial business combination. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the warrants could be converted into cash or stock, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant; provided that the last reported sales price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date we send the notice of such redemption to the warrant holders. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the 
 37 

Table of Contents 

nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor, RBC or their permitted transferees. In addition, we may redeem your warrants after they become exercisable for 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A common stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock. Any such redemption may have similar consequences to a cash redemption. In addition, such redemption may occur at a time when the warrants are out-of-the-money, in which case you would lose any potential embedded value from a subsequent increase in the value of the Class A common stock had your warrants remained outstanding. Our warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. We issued warrants to purchase 13,333,333 shares of our Class A common stock, at a price of 11.50 per share (subject to adjustment), as part of the units offered by the Initial Public Offering and, simultaneously with the completion of the Initial Public Offering, we issued in a private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 6,666,667 shares of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share (subject to adjustment). The Initial Stockholders currently hold an aggregate of 5,000,000 founder shares. The founder shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In addition, our sponsor has made a working capital loan to us, of which up to 1,500,000 of outstanding principal may be converted into warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of our sponsor. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. To the extent we issue shares of Class A common stock for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants or conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance, will increase the number of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and reduce the value of the shares of Class A common stock issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Because each unit contains one-third of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. Each unit contains one-third of one warrant. Because, pursuant to the warrant agreement, the warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock, only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one share of common stock and one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-third of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive business combination partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if they included a warrant to purchase one whole share. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for use to consummate an initial business combination. Unlike most blank check companies, if we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a newly issued price of less than 9.20 per share of common stock, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the newly issued price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include target historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A common stock and could entrench management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include two-year director terms and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, and the federal district courts as the exclusive forum for Securities Act claims, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain what such stockholders believe to be a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that, unless we select or consent to the selection of an alternative forum, all complaints asserting any internal corporate claims, which include claims in the right of our company (i) that are based upon a violation of a duty by a current or former director, officer, employee or stockholder in such capacity or (ii) as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction upon the Court of Chancery, shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, another state court or a federal court located within the State of Delaware. Furthermore, unless we select or consent to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Our choice-of-forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act, and investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring an interest in any shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. These choice-of-forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that he, she or it believes to be favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors . 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Since only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors prior to the closing of our initial business combination, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. Prior to the closing of our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE corporate governance standards. Under the NYSE corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the NYSE; 

we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the NYSE corporate governance requirements. Risks Relating to Our Management We are dependent upon our officers and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, Mr. Lawrie and our other officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. Moreover, certain of our officers and directors have time and attention requirements for other employers and other third parties with which they are affiliated, and may have time and attention requirements for other blank check companies. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with the company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware law. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any securityholders who choose to remain securityholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such securityholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidates key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. In particular, certain of our officers and directors may make investments in securities or other interests of or relating to companies in industries that we may make target for our initial business combination. Our officers and directors also serve or may in the future serve as officers and board members for other entities. In addition, with the exception of Mr. Johnson, certain of our officers and our directors may have time and attention requirements for other blank check 
 41 

Table of Contents 

companies they may sponsor in the future. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our officers and directors other business affairs, please see Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance in Item 10 of this Annual Report. Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us, including another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Following the completion of the Initial Public Offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor and directors are, or may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business, including another blank check company that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours or that is focused on a particular industry. Moreover, our officers and our directors, with the exception of Mr. Johnson, may sponsor or form other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. Our officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to other entities prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in their capacity as our director or officer and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. For a complete discussion of our officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance in Item 10 and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence in Item 13 of this Annual Report. Our officers, directors, securityholders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, securityholders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us, including the formation of, or participation in, one or more other blank check companies. For example, our officers and directors, with the exception of Mr. Johnson, may sponsor or form other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers and directors. Our officers and directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are 
 42 

Table of Contents 

affiliated, and there have been no preliminary discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in Initial Business Combination-Selection of a target business and structuring of our initial business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Since our sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination . In October 2020, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in exchange for 8,625,000 founder shares. Subsequently, in October 2020, our sponsor sold 431,250 founder shares to Mr. Lawrie at their original purchase price, which were subsequently contributed by Mr. Lawrie to an affiliate of our sponsor. In January 2021, our sponsor transferred 40,000 founder shares to each of our independent directors at their original purchase price. In January 2021, we effected a stock dividend of 0.15942029 of a share of Class F common stock for each outstanding share of Class F common stock, resulting in the Initial Stockholders holding an aggregate of 10,000,000 founder shares. In January 2022, our sponsor forfeited for no consideration 5,000,000 founder shares in connection with the Extension. As such, the Initial Stockholders collectively own approximately 38.6 of our outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering and the Extension. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our sponsor purchased 4,666,667 private placement warrants for a purchase price of 7,000,000, or a price of 1.50 per warrant. The private placement warrants will also be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. Each private placement warrant may be exercised for one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. The founder shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units being sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that: (i) only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to our initial business combination; (ii) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions; (iii) our sponsor, officers, directors and an affiliate of our sponsor have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with (1) the completion of our initial business combination and (2) a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (x) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by April 1, 2023 (as such period may be extended to August 1, 2023) or (y) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (B) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination by April 1, 2023 (as such period may be extended to August 1, 2023) (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame); (iv) the founder shares are automatically convertible into our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights; and (v) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and to not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the Trust Account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we complete an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire less than 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a controlling 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business combination, any or all of our management could resign from their positions as officers of the company, and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination could remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

General Risk Factors We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a blank check company with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding through the Initial Public Offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

The Inflation Reduction Act could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in our ability to complete a Business Combination. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. Any share redemption or other share repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise will depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by us and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in our ability to complete a Business Combination. Data privacy and security breaches, including, but not limited to, those resulting from cyber incidents or attacks, acts of vandalism or theft, computer viruses and/or misplaced or lost data, could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption, reputational harm, criminal liability and/or financial loss. In searching for targets for our initial business combination, we may depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or privacy and security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information, and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data privacy or security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences and therefore could be liable for privacy and security breaches, including potentially those caused by any of our subcontractors. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents or other incidents that result in a privacy or security breach. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to reputational harm, criminal liability and/or financial loss. After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue will be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political, social and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the ongoing COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. The COVID-19 pandemic could materially and adversely affect the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors, if the target company s personnel, vendors and service providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner, or if COVID-19 causes a prolonged economic downturn. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a business combination may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties We currently maintain our executive offices at 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 520, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings We are not a party to and none of our property is subject to any material pending legal proceedings. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information Our units and Class A Common Stock are traded on the NYSE under the symbol TLGA.U and TLGA , respectively. Our units commenced public trading on January 28, 2021, and our Class A Common Stock began separate trading on March 22, 2021. On November 4, 2022, the NYSE suspended trading in the Public Warrants based on abnormally low price levels pursuant to Section 802.01D of the NYSE Listed Company Manual. The NYSE delisted the Public Warrants and filed a notification of removal from listing on November 21, 2022. Holders As of March 17, 2023, there was one holder of record of our Class A Common Stock. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings Unregistered Sales In October 2020, TLG Acquisition Founder LLC, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in exchange for 8,625,000 founder shares. Such securities were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Our sponsor is an accredited investor for purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation D. In addition, our sponsor and RBC purchased 4,666,667 private placement warrants for 7,000,000 in the aggregate and 2,000,000 private placement warrants for 3,000,000 in the aggregate, respectively, at a price of 1.50 per warrant in a private placement simultaneously with the completion of our Initial Public Offering. This issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales. Use of Proceeds The registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252032) for our Initial Public Offering was declared effective by the SEC on January 27, 2021. On February 1, 2021, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 40,000,000 units, including 5,000,000 additional units as a result of the underwriter s exercise in full of their overallotment option, at an offering price of 10.00 per unit. The gross proceeds from the Initial Public Offering were 400.0 million in the aggregate. RBC Capital Markets LLC acted as book-running managers for the Initial Public Offering. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

A total of 400.0 million of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement were placed in a trust account maintained by the Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee. Transaction costs amounted to approximately 22.7 million, consisting of approximately 8.7 million of underwriting fees and 14.0 million of deferred underwriting fees. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from such use as described in the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252032). Item 6. Selected Financial Data Not applicable. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. References to the Company, TLG Acquisition One Corp., our, us or we refer to TLG Acquisition One Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on October 2, 2020. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the initial business combination ). We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. Our sponsor is TLG Acquisition Founder LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for our Initial Public Offering was declared effective on January 27, 2021. On February 1, 2021, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 40,000,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), including 5,000,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 400.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 22.7 million, of which 14.0 million was for deferred underwriting commissions. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of 4,666,667 and 2,000,000 warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor and RBC Capital Markets, LLC, in its capacity as a purchaser of Private Placement Warrants RBC ), respectively, at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of 10.0 million. Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, 400.0 million 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement was placed in a Trust Account, and will be invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. On December 28, 2022, we liquidated our portfolio of investments held in the Trust Account and converted it into cash held in the Trust Account. Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that we will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. We must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if any, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held in trust) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, we will only 
 49 

Table of Contents 

complete a Business Combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we are unable to complete a Business Combination by April 1, 2023 (as such period may be extended to August 1, 2023), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Trust Account Redemptions and Extension of Combination Period On December 19, 2022, we held a special meeting of stockholders at which such time our stockholders approved the proposal to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation giving the Company the right to extend the business combination deadline on a monthly basis up to six times from February 1, 2023 to August 1, 2023 by depositing into the Trust Account the lesser of (i) an aggregate of 600,000 or (ii) 0.06 for each issued and outstanding Public Share that has not been redeemed for each one-month extension (the Extension ). On both January 30, 2023 and February 24, 2023, the Company deposited 476,904 into the Trust Account in order to extend the business combination deadline to March 1, 2023 and April 1, 2023, respectively. In connection with such vote, the holders of an aggregate of 32,051,595 Public Shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate of approximately 324.4 million in cash held in the Trust Account. Additionally, upon shareholder approval of the Extension, our Sponsors agreed that they would forfeit for no consideration 5,000,000 shares of Class F common stock in connection with the Extension, which shares of Class F common stock will be cancelled (the Forfeiture ). The Forfeiture occurred on January 30, 2023. Proposed Business Combination On November 13, 2022, the Company and Eagle Merger Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), entered into a Merger Agreement, as amended on December 23, 2022 and as may be further amended (the Merger Agreement with Electriq Power, Inc., a Delaware corporation Electriq ). If the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the Transactions are completed, Merger Sub will merge with and into Electriq, with Electriq surviving such merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger ). As a result of the Merger, and upon consummation of the Merger and the other Transactions (together with the Merger, the Proposed Business Combination ), the separate corporate existence of Electriq will cease to exist and the holders of Electriq common stock, preferred stock, options, warrants and other convertible securities (collectively, the Electriq equityholders will become equityholders of the Company, which will change its name to Electriq Power Holdings, Inc. in connection with the Business Combination New Electriq ). As part of the Merger, Electriq equityholders will receive aggregate merger consideration (the Merger Consideration of 495 million, consisting of up to 49,500,000 shares of the Company s Class A common stock, valued at 10.00 per share, and the right to elect to receive up to 25.0 million in cash with a corresponding reduction in the number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock. At the closing of the Merger (the Closing ), 2,000,000 shares of the Company s Class A common stock from the Merger Consideration (the Merger Consideration Incentive Shares will be placed into an escrow account to be used as Merger Consideration Incentive Shares. As part of the Merger Consideration, holders of Electriq s warrants and options not exercised prior to the Merger will receive replacement warrants and options, respectively, to purchase shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock based on the value of the Merger Consideration per share of Electriq common stock. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to enter into subscription agreements, non-redemption agreements, backstop agreements or similar financing agreements (the Financing Agreements with one or more persons to provide at least the level of cash required to provide adequate operating liquidity for New Electriq through December 31, 2023 (such transactions, the Financings ). 
 50 

Table of Contents 

In connection with the Financings, 7,000,000 shares of the Company s Class A common stock (the Incentive Shares will be placed in escrow at Closing, consisting of 5,000,000 newly issued shares of The Company s Class A common stock (the New Incentive Shares and the 2,000,000 Merger Consideration Incentive Shares. The New Incentive Shares will be paid out as incentives in the Financings first, followed by the Merger Consideration Incentive Shares. At the termination of the escrow, any New Incentive Shares not paid out in the Financing will be transferred 50 to the Sponsor (defined in the Merger Agreement) and 50 to the Electriq equityholders, and any Merger Consideration Incentive Shares not paid out in the Financing will be returned to the Electriq equityholders. The Merger Agreement includes covenants of Electriq with respect to operation of its business prior to consummation of the Merger. The Merger Agreement also contains additional covenants of the parties, including, among others, a covenant to make any required filings pursuant to the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended HSR ), and the preparation and filing of a registration statement on Form S-4 relating to the Merger and containing a proxy statement of the Company (the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement ). The Merger Agreement also contains exclusivity provisions prohibiting Electriq and its subsidiaries from soliciting, initiating, knowingly facilitating, participating in, entering into, continuing discussions, negotiations or transactions with, or knowingly encouraging or responding to any inquiries or proposals by, or providing any information to any person relating to or that could reasonably be expect to lead to, or enter into or consummate any transaction relating to a Competing Company Transaction (as defined in the Merger Agreement), subject to limited exceptions specified therein. The Merger Agreement contains customary representations and warranties of the parties thereto with respect to the parties, the Business Combination contemplated by the Merger Agreement and their respective business operations and activities. The representations and warranties of the parties generally do not survive the Closing. Consummation of the Business Combination is generally subject to customary conditions, including (a) expiration or termination of all applicable waiting periods under HSR, (b) the absence of any law or governmental order prohibiting the consummation of the Merger, (c) the effectiveness of the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement, (d) the Company s Class A common stock to be issued in the Merger having been listed on The New York Stock Exchange NYSE upon the Closing, and otherwise satisfying the applicable listing requirements of NYSE, (e) receipt of stockholder approval from stockholders of each of the Company and Electriq for consummation of the Merger and other related necessary matters and (f) the Company having net tangible assets following the redemptions of at least 5,000,001. The Merger Agreement may be terminated under certain customary and limited circumstances at any time prior to the Closing, including by mutual written consent or if the Business Combination has not been consummated on or prior to April 1, 2023 (subject to extensions until as late as June 1, 2023). In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, certain security holders of Electriq (the Electriq Holders entered into lock-up agreements (each, a Lock-up Agreement with Electriq and the Company. Pursuant to the Lock-up Agreements, the Electriq Holders agreed, among other things, that their shares of the Company s Class A common stock received as Merger Consideration may not be transferred until the earlier to occur of (i) six months following Closing and (ii) the date after the Closing on which New Electriq completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of New Electriq stockholders having the right to exchange their equity holdings in New Electriq for cash, securities or other property (the Lock-up ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, after the Closing, (i) the volume weighted average price per share of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-day trading period, 10 of the Restricted Securities (as defined in the Lock-up Agreement) of each Electriq Holder is released from the Lock-up and (ii) the volume weighted average price per share of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds 15.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-day trading period, an additional 10 of the Restricted Securities of each Electriq Holder will be released from the Lock-up. In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company entered into an agreement (the Sponsor Agreement with Electriq, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor and the Company s independent directors, whereby the Sponsor and holders of the Company s Class F common stock have agreed to waive certain of their anti-dilution and conversion rights with respect to the Class F common stock. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

The Sponsor also agreed to subject its holdings of the Company s Class F common stock, and the other holders of the Company s Class F common stock agreed to subject their Class F common stock, to certain transfer restrictions as follows: (i) with respect to 500,000 shares of Class F common stock, the Sponsor will not transfer such shares until the earliest to occur of (x) the fifth anniversary of the Closing, (y) such time as the closing volume weighted average price of a share of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 for any 20 trading days within any 30-day trading period and (z) the date after the Closing on which New Electriq completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of New Electriq stockholders having the right to exchange their the Company s Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property; (ii) with respect to an additional 500,000 shares of Class F common stock, the Sponsor will not transfer such shares until the earliest to occur of (x) the fifth anniversary of the Closing, (y) such time as the closing volume weighted average price of a share of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds 15.00 for any 20 trading days within any 30-day trading period or (z) the date after the Closing on which New Electriq completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of New Electriq stockholders having the right to exchange their the Company s Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property; and (iii) with respect to all of the shares of Class F common stock (including those covered in (i) and (ii)), the Sponsor and the other holders will not transfer such shares until the earliest to occur of (x) the six-month anniversary of the Closing or (y) the date after the Closing on which New Electriq completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of New Electriq stockholders having the right to exchange their the Company s Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property; provided that (i) 10 of such shares of Class F common stock will be released at such time as the closing volume weighted average price of a share of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 for any 20 trading days within any 30-day trading period and (ii) an additional 10 of such shares of Class F common stock will be released at such time as the closing volume weighted average price of a share of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds 15.00 for any 20 trading days within any 30-day trading period. In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, certain stockholders of Electriq (each, a Supporting Electriq Stockholder ), Electriq and the Company entered into a Support Agreement (the Support Agreement ). Under the Support Agreement, each Supporting Electriq Stockholder agreed to, among other things, (i) vote at any meeting of the stockholders of Electriq or by written consent all of its Electriq common stock and/or Electriq preferred stock, as applicable, held of record or thereafter acquired in favor of the Merger and the Transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and (ii) be bound by certain transfer restrictions with respect to Electriq securities, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Support Agreement. The Merger Agreement contemplates that, at the Closing, New Electriq, the Sponsor and certain former Electriq equityholders will enter into a stockholders agreement (the Stockholders Agreement ), pursuant to which (i) the Sponsor will be entitled to nominate one (1) director until the date upon which the Sponsor s and its affiliates aggregate initial ownership interest of the issued and outstanding common stock of New Electriq Sponsor Initial Ownership Interest decreases to one-half of Sponsor Initial Ownership Interest and (ii) Greensoil Building Innovation Fund Co-Investment I, L.P. Greensoil will be entitled to nominate one (1) director until the date upon which Greensoil s and its affiliates aggregate initial ownership interest of the issued and outstanding common stock of New Electriq Greensoil Initial Ownership Interest decreases to one-half of the Greensoil Initial Ownership Interest. The Sponsor and Greensoil will also each be entitled to designate one non-voting board observer until the date upon which each of the Sponsor and Greensoil, respectively, holds less than 1 of the issued and outstanding common stock of New Electriq. The Merger Agreement contemplates that, at the Closing, New Electriq, the Sponsor, certain of its affiliates, RBC and certain former stockholders of Electriq will enter into an amended and restated registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, New Electriq will agree to register for resale, pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), certain shares of the Company s Class A common stock that are held by, or issuable pursuant to other securities held by, the parties thereto from time to time. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Going Concern As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 20,000 in our operating bank account and a working capital deficit of approximately 7.0 million, not including taxes payable of approximately 1.0 million. Our liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through the payment of 25,000 from our Sponsor to cover certain of our offering costs in exchange for issuance of Class F common stock, and a loan from our Sponsor of approximately 192,000 under a promissory note. We repaid the promissory note in full upon consummation of the Private Placement. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us working capital loans as may be required. The Sponsor and the Company executed a non-interest-bearing promissory note in May 2021, providing the Company the ability to borrow up to 2,000,000 (the Original Note ). In March 2022, the Sponsor and the Company amended and restated the Original Note, providing the Company the ability to borrow up to 5,000,000. On September 29, 2022, the Sponsor and the Company amended the Working Capital Loan, providing the Company the ability to borrow up to 8,000,000. The Company has drawn approximately 3.0 million under such loans as of December 31, 2022. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern, we have determined that the liquidity issue, mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after April 1, 2023 (as such period may be extended to August 1, 2023). The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on our financial position, results of our operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. Any share redemption or other share repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise will depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by us and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in our ability to complete a Business Combination. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations Our entire activity since inception up to December 31, 2022 was in preparation for our formation and the Initial Public Offering and, after the Initial Public Offering, identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial Business Combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of approximately 10.4 million, which consisted of approximately 5.7 million in interest income from investments held in the trust account and non-operating income of approximately 9.8 million resulting from changes in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities, approximately 690,000 resulting from changes in fair value of the Working Capital Loan, partially offset by approximately 4.4 million in general and administrative expenses, approximately 239,000 in franchise tax expense and approximately 1.1 million in income tax expense. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net income of approximately 17.9 million, due largely to a noncash gain resulting from changes in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities of approximately 23.9 million, partially offset by a non-operating expense of approximately 1.4 million related to offering costs for derivative warrant liabilities and operating expenses of approximately 4.6 million. Operating expenses consisted of approximately 4.3 million in general and administrative expenses, 78,000 in general and administrative expenses with related parties and 210,000 in franchise tax expenses. Contractual Obligations Administrative Support Agreement We entered into an agreement with an affiliate of the Sponsor, pursuant to which we agreed to pay a total of 7,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services to such affiliate. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. We incurred approximately 84,000 and 78,000 in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations in the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 2, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, respectively, related to the administrative support agreement. The Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to the Sponsor, officers, directors or any of their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. Underwriting Agreement We granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 5,000,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriter exercised its over-allotment option in full on February 1, 2021. The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit, or 8.0 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters were entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 14.0 million in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Estimates Derivative Warrant Liabilities We do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of its financial instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to the FASB ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. The warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815. Accordingly, we recognized the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjust the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The initial fair value of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants have each been measured at fair value using a modified Black-Scholes option pricing model. The fair value of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants has subsequently been determined using listed prices in an active market for such warrants. Derivative warrant liabilities are classified as non-current liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. Derivative warrant liabilities are classified as non-current liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. Working Capital Loan-Related Party We have elected the fair value option to account for borrowings under the Working Capital Loan with its affiliates. As a result of applying the fair value option, we recognize each borrowing, when drawn, at fair value with a gain or loss recognized at issuance, and subsequent changes in fair value are recognized as change in the fair value of Working Capital Loan-related party in the consolidated statements of operations. The fair value is based on prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. These inputs reflect management s own estimates about the assumptions a market participant would use in pricing the liability. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. JOBS Act The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, the consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. This information appears following Item 16 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer has concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers Our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 

Title 

John Michael Lawrie 

69 

Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman 

David Johnson 

69 

Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Jonathan Morris 

46 

Chief Development Officer 

Kristin Muhlner 

52 

Director 

Edward Ho 

60 

Director 

Zainabu Oke 

55 

Director 
 John Michael Lawrie serves as our Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the board of directors. In 2005, Mr. Lawrie founded The Lawrie Group, a private company providing consulting services on value creation and enterprise transformation, and related investment management services, and currently serves as the chief executive officer. Mr. Lawrie previously served as chairman, president, and chief executive officer of DXC Technology, a leading, independent end-to-end IT services company serving more than 6,000 global enterprise clients in more than 70 countries, from April 2017 to his retirement in March 2019. Prior to his employment at DXC, Mr. Lawrie served as president and chief executive officer of Computer Sciences Corporation from May 2012 to March 2017 and was appointed chairman in December 2015. Mr. Lawrie is a trustee of Drexel University, Philadelphia. Mr. Lawrie holds a B.A. in history from Ohio University and an MBA from Drexel University. Mr. Lawrie also received an honorary doctorate from the Shiv Nadar University in India. We believe Mr. Lawrie s extensive public company leadership and enterprise transformation experience and network of relationships make him a valuable addition to our management team and board of directors. David Johnson serves as our Chief Financial Officer and director. Mr. Johnson previously served first as senior managing director responsible for technology investments of Blackstone Group, one of the world s leading investment firms, from 2013 to 2017, then as a senior advisor, from 2017 to 2020. Before joining Blackstone, Mr. Johnson served as senior vice president of Strategy at Dell Corporation and held various corporate and development and finance roles, including vice president of Corporate Development, at IBM. Currently, Mr. Johnson sits on the board of Mphasis Limited. Mr. Johnson earned his B.A. in English and his M.B.A. in Finance from Boston College. We believe Mr. Johnson s deep experience as an investor in the technology sector and network of relationships make him a valuable addition to our management team and board of directors. Jonathan Morris serves as our Chief Development Officer. He has served in the capacity of CFO splitting his time between Twelve Seas Investment Company II, FreeCast, Inc. and Hush Aerospace since May 2020. Prior to that, Mr. Morris served in the capacity of CFO at Imageware Systems, Inc. in 2020. In addition, from 2016 to 2019 Mr. Morris led principal investments and structuring as President and Sr. Managing Direct at a large family office. From 2012 to 2016, Mr. Morris served as a Director at The Blackstone Group, Inc. and on the board of SunGard AS from 2014 to 2016. From 2005 to 2012 he was in the Technology, Media, and Telecommunication Investment Banking Group of Credit Suisse. Mr. Morris began his career in 1997 within the private equity division of Lombard, Odier et Cie, private bank in Switzerland and subsequently went to work as an associate at GAIN Capital, a currency hedge fund from 1999 to 2003. Mr. Morris earned his B.S. in Economics and Finance from the University of Virginia and his M.B.A. from Georgetown University. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Kristin Muhlner serves as an independent director. Ms. Muhlner currently serves on the board of directors for CSI, a position she has held since June 2017, and as Chief Executive Officer of Affect Therapeutics, a position she has held since September 2020. In addition, Ms. Muhlner served as Executive Chairman of the board of directors of Skyword, Inc., a position she held from June 2019 to January 2021. Previously, from April 2017 to January 2019, Ms. Muhlner served as President and Chief Operating Officer for Framebridge, Inc. Before joining Framebridge, Ms. Muhlner served as Executive Vice President of Global Revenue for Sprinklr from June 2015 to October 2016. Ms. Muhlner earned her B.A. in Economics from Rhodes College. We believe Ms. Muhlner s expertise and experience in leading high-growth technology organizations make her a valuable addition to our board of directors. Edward Ho serves as an independent director. Mr. Ho served as Executive Vice President and General Manager for DXC Technology Company (NYSE: DXC) from January 2018 until October 2020. Previously, Mr. Ho served on the board of directors of Fenergo, a privately-held Fintech company that is a leading provider in compliance and data management solutions, from July 2019 to November 2020. In addition, Mr. Ho previously served as the President of Global Payment Solutions of D+H Corporation, a publicly traded, leading, global financial technology company, from April 2015 to November 2017, where he was responsible for leadership of its digital, global transaction banking business. From January 2013 to April 2015, Mr. Ho served as the President and Chief Operating Officer of Fundtech Corporation, a private equity owned, leading provider of digital payments banking software and services, where he was responsible of sales, marketing, product management, development, professional services, customer support and certain general and administrative functions. Mr. Ho currently serves as the Chairman of QuadraGen , LLC, a lending software and services company formed in 2021. Mr. Ho earned his B.A. from Columbia College and his M.B.A. from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. We believe Mr. Ho s experience in the financial services and technology industries make him a valuable addition to our board of directors. Zainabu Oke has served as an independent director since January 12, 2022. Since October 2021, Ms. Oke has served as General Manager, Vice President of Car Care Automotive Services in Northern California for AAA Northern California, Nevada Utah Insurance Exchange. Since July 2015, she has served in various Vice President roles for AAA Northern California, Nevada Utah Insurance Exchange, including VP Organizational Readiness, VP Real Estate Procurement, Controller, and Chief Internal Auditor. Prior to that, Ms. Oke worked at Deloitte LLP (formerly Deloitte Touche) for 22 years in various roles, most recently as an Audit Partner / Director. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors consisted of six members. Holders of our founder shares will have the right to elect all of our directors prior to consummation of our initial business combination and holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended if approved by holders of at least 90 of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon. Each of our directors will hold office for a two-year term. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the stockholders, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors of our board or by a majority of the holders of our common stock (or, prior to our initial business combination, a majority of the holders of our founder shares). Our officers are elected by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws will provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Each of our audit committee, our nominating and corporate governance committee and our compensation committee is composed solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the NYSE and Rule 10A of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that was approved by our board and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee will be available on our website. The information that may be contained on or accessible through our website or any other website that we may maintain is not incorporated by reference in, or otherwise a part of, this report or in any other filings we make with the SEC. Audit Committee Ms. Oke, Ms. Muhlner and Mr. Ho serve as members of the audit committee and Ms. Oke serves as chair of the audit committee. The Board determined that Ms. Oke, Ms. Muhlner and Mr. Ho are independent within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards and SEC rules applicable to audit committee members. Each of Ms. Oke, Ms. Muhlner and Mr. Ho is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Ms. Oke qualifies as an audit committee financial experts as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

audits of our financial statements; 

the integrity of our financial statements; 

our process relating to risk management and the conduct and systems of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures; 

the qualifications, engagement, compensation, independence and performance of our independent registered public accounting firm; and 

the performance of our internal audit function. Compensation Committee Ms. Muhlner, Ms. Oke and Mr. Ho serve as members of the compensation committee and Ms. Muhlner serves as chair of the compensation committee. The Board determined that Ms. Muhlner, Ms. Oke and Mr. Ho are independent within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards applicable to compensation committee members. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

determining and approving the compensation of our executive officers; and 

reviewing and approving incentive compensation and equity compensation policies and programs. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The members of our nominating and corporate governance committee are Ms. Muhlner, Ms. Oke and Mr. Ho. Mr. Ho serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. The Board determined that Ms. Muhlner, Ms. Oke and Mr. Ho are independent within the meaning of NYSE director independence standards. We have adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance committee, including: 

identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of stockholders or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; 

developing, recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 

coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company; and 

reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, (i) as a member of the compensation committee or board of directors of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on our compensation committee, or (ii) as a member of the compensation committee of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on our board of directors. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. Our Code of Ethics is posted on our website located at www.tlgacquisitions.com. The information that may be contained on or accessible through our website or any other website that we may maintain, including the information at the link above, is not incorporated by reference in, or otherwise a part of, this report or in any other filings we make with the SEC. Conflicts of Interest In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and an affiliate of our sponsor have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our sponsor, officers, directors and such affiliate of our sponsor have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination by April 1, 2023 (as such period may be extended to August 1, 2023). However, if our sponsor, officers, directors and such affiliate of our sponsor acquire public shares of our common stock, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable or salable by the Initial Stockholders until the earliest to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination; (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination; and (C) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our sponsor or its permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our sponsor, officers, directors and such affiliate of our sponsor may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following the Initial Public Offering, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether to proceed with a particular business combination. 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 

John Michael Lawrie 
 
 TLG Capital Management 
 
 Private Equity Fund 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Portfolio Manager 

TLG Fund I, LP 
 
 Private Equity Fund 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

The Lawrie Group, LLC 
 
 Investment Management 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 David Johnson 
 
 Mphasis Limited 
 
 Technology Services 
 
 Director 
 
 Jonathan Morris 
 
 FreeCast, Inc. 
 
 Technology Services 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Director 
 
 Kristin Muhlner 
 
 Computer Services, Inc. 
 
 Technology Services 
 
 Director 

Affect Therapeutics 
 
 Addiction Treatment 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Edward Ho 
 
 QuadraGen, LLC 
 
 Technology Services 
 
 Chairman 
 
 Zainabu Oke 
 
 Car Care Automotive Services 
 
 Automotive Services 
 
 General Manager, Vice President 
 Each of the entities listed in this table has priority and preference relative to our company with respect to the performance by each individual listed in this table of his obligations and the presentation by each such individual of business opportunities. In addition, the individuals listed above may have fiduciary duties to each listed entity. Accordingly, if any of the above officers or directors become aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which he has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We do not believe, however, that any of the foregoing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination because, while there is overlap in the broad industry focus of a number of the companies to which our directors and officers have fiduciary duties, including IT, healthcare, business services and financial services businesses, our targets include subsectors of these industries, such as healthcare IT, cybersecurity, e-education and ESG that are not a focus of such other companies; and the targets that such other companies would most likely consider are of a size and nature substantially different than what we are targeting. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a business, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. In addition, our sponsor or any of its affiliates may make additional investments in the company in connection with the initial business combination, although our sponsor and its affiliates have no obligation or current intention to do so. If our sponsor or any of its affiliates elect to make additional investments, such proposed investments could influence our sponsor s motivation to complete an initial business combination In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers, directors and an affiliate of our sponsor have agreed, pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote any founder shares held by them (and their permitted transferees will agree) and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors are indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the extent such limitation on or exemption from liability is not permitted under the DGCL or unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors. We have entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permits us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We have purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgement in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. We believe that these provisions, the insurance and indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. Item 11. Executive Compensation None of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. In January 2021, our sponsor transferred 40,000 founder shares to each of our independent directors as compensation at their original purchase price. In January 2021, we effected a stock dividend of 0.15942029 of a share of Class F common stock for each outstanding share of Class F common stock, resulting in each of our independent directors holding 46,377 founder shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. In January 2022, our sponsor forfeited for no consideration 5,000,000 founder shares in connection with the Extension. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

The existence or terms of any employment or consulting arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 17, 2023 by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding shares of our Class A common stock or Class F common stock; 

each of our named executive officers and directors that beneficially own shares of common stock; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our common stock beneficially owned by them. 

Class A Common Stock 

Class F Common Stock 

Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Approximate Percentage of Class 

Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 

Approximate Percentage of Class 

Approximate Percentage of Voting Control 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 

TLG Acquisition Founder LLC (3) 

4,360,869 

87.2 

33.7 

John Michael Lawrie (4) 

4,860,869 

97.2 

37.5 

Meteora Capital, LLC (5) 

708,947 

8.9 

5.5 

Sculptor Capital LP (6) 

636,971 

8.0 

4.9 

Owl Creek Asset Management, L.P. (7) 

600,000 

7.6 

4.6 

Yakira Partners, L.P. (8) 

501,554 

6.3 

3.9 

AQR Capital Management, LLC (9) 

500,000 

6.3 

3.9 

David Johnson (10) 

Jonathan Morris 

Kristin Muhlner 

46,377 

Edward Ho 

46,377 

Zainabu Oke 

23,189 

All officers and directors as a group (6 individuals) 

4,976,812 

99.5 

38.4 

Less than one percent 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 515 North Flagler Drive, Suite 520, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 

(2) 
 Interests shown consist solely of founders shares, classified as shares of Class F common stock. The founder shares will convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 

(3) 
 Represents the interests directly held by TLG Acquisition Founder LLC. The members of TLG Acquisition Founder LLC are TLG Capital Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which has a 60 membership interest in TLG Acquisition Founder LLC and whose sole member is Mr. Lawrie, and Fenway 07 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which has a 40 membership interest in TLG Acquisition Founder LLC and is 99 owned by Mr. Johnson and 1 owned and managed by his spouse. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

(4) 
 Represents 4,360,869 shares of Class F common stock held by our sponsor and 500,000 shares of Class F common stock held by TLG Fund I, LP. The shares held by our sponsor are beneficially owned by Mr. Lawrie, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and President, and the manager of our sponsor, who has sole voting and dispositive power over the shares held by our sponsor. The shares held by TLG Fund I, LP are beneficially owned by Mr. Lawrie, the manager of the general partner of TLG Fund I, LP, who has sole voting and dispositive power over the shares held by TLG Fund I, LP. Mr. Lawrie disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by our sponsor and TLG Fund I, LP except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. 

(5) 
 Based on the Schedule 13G filed February 16, 2023 jointly by Meteora Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Meteora Capital ), with respect to the Class A common stock held by certain funds and managed accounts to which Meteora Capital serves as investment manager (collectively, the Meteora Funds and Vik Mittal, who serves as the Managing Member of Meteora Capital, with respect to the common stock held by the Meteora Funds. 

(6) 
 Based on the Schedule 13G filed January 12, 2023 (the Sculptor Schedule 13G jointly by Sculptor Capital LP Sculptor ), Sculptor Capital II LP Sculptor II ), Sculptor Capital Holding Corp. SCHC ), Sculptor Capital Holding II LLC SCHC II ), Sculptor Capital Management, Inc. SCU ), Sculptor Master Fund, Ltd. SCMF ), Sculptor Special Funding, LP NRMD and Sculptor SC II LP NJGC ), Sculptor and Sculptor II serve as the principal investment managers to certain private funds and discretionary accounts (collectively, the Accounts and thus may be deemed beneficial owners of the Class A common stock in the Accounts managed by Sculptor and Sculptor II. SCHC II serves as the sole general partner of Sculptor II and is wholly owned by Sculptor. SCHC serves as the sole general partner of Sculptor. As such, SCHC and SCHC II may be deemed to control Sculptor as well as Sculptor II and, therefore, may be deemed to be the beneficial owners of the Class A common stock reported in the Sculptor Schedule 13G. SCU is the sole shareholder of SCHC, and, for purposes of the Sculptor Schedule 13G, may be deemed a beneficial owner of the Class A common stock reported therein. 

(7) 
 Based on the Schedule 13G filed February 9, 2023 jointly by Owl Creek Asset Management, L.P. Owl Creek ), a Delaware limited partnership and the investment manager of Owl Creek Credit Opportunities Master Fund, L.P. (the Owl Creek Fund ), with respect to the shares of Class A common stock owned by the Owl Creek Fund and Jeffrey A. Altman Mr. Altman as managing member of the general partner of Owl Creek, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock owned by the Owl Creek Fund. 

(8) 
 Based on the Schedule 13G filed February 14, 2023 jointly by Yakira Partners, L.P., representing 51,293 shares of Class A common stock, and Yakira Enhanced Offshore Fund Ltd., representing 2,500 shares of Class A common stock and MAP 136 Segregated Portfolio, representing 447,761 shares of Class A common stock. 

(9) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G filed February 14, 2023 jointly by AQR Capital Management, LLC, AQR Capital Management Holdings, LLC and AQR Arbitrage, LLC. 

(10) 
 Does not include any shares indirectly owned by this individual as a result of his indirect membership interest in our sponsor. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence In October 2020, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in exchange for 8,625,000 founders shares. The purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. Subsequently, in October 2020, our sponsor sold 431,250 founder shares to Mr. Lawrie at their original purchase price, which were subsequently contributed by Mr. Lawrie to TLG Fund I, LP., an affiliate of our sponsor. In January 2021, our sponsor transferred 40,000 founder shares to each of our independent directors at their original purchase price. In January 2021, we effected a stock dividend of 0.15942029 of a share of Class F common stock for each outstanding share of Class F common stock, resulting in the Initial Stockholders holding an aggregate of 10,000,000 founder shares. In January 2022, our sponsor forfeited for no consideration 5,000,000 founder shares in connection with the Extension. As such, the Initial Stockholders collectively own approximately 38.6 of our outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering and the Extension. Our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,666,667 private placement warrants for a purchase price of 7,000,000 in the aggregate, or a price of 1.50 per warrant. As such, our sponsor s interest in this transaction is valued at 7,000,000. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. The private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by it until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. As more fully discussed in Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. All of our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

We entered into an agreement with an affiliate of our sponsor, pursuant to which we pay a total of 7,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services to such affiliate. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Accordingly, in the event the consummation of our initial business combination takes the maximum 30 months , an affiliate of our sponsor will be paid a total of 210,000 7,000 per month) for office space, administrative and support services and will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses. Our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or any of their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required Working Capital Loan ). Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, we have drawn on the Working Capital Loan, and as of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance under the Working Capital Loan is approximately 3.0 million. If we complete our initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. Otherwise, such loan may be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to 1,500,000 of the outstanding principal balance of such loan may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants issued to our sponsor. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. Upon completion of the Initial Public Offering, we entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans (if any). Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions The audit committee of our board of directors operates pursuant to a charter, which sets forth the policies and procedures for its review and approval or ratification of related party transactions. A related party transaction is any consummated or proposed transaction or series of similar transactions: (i) in which the company was or is to be a participant; (ii) the amount of which exceeds (or is reasonably expected to exceed) 120,000 in the aggregate over the duration of the transaction (without regard to profit or loss); and (iii) in which a related party had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Related parties under this charter will include: (i) our directors or executive officers; (ii) any beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities; and (iii) any immediate family member of any of the foregoing. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the charter, the audit committee will consider, among other factors, (i) whether the terms of the related party transaction are fair to the Company and on the same basis as would apply if the transaction was negotiated in good faith at arm s-length and did not involve a related party, (ii) whether there are business reasons for the Company to enter into the related party transaction, (iii) whether the related party transaction would impair the independence of an outside director, (iv) whether the related party transaction would present an improper conflict of interest for any director or executive officer of the Company and (v) any pre-existing contractual conditions. Director Independence The rules of NYSE require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our Initial Public Offering. An independent director is defined generally as a person who, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). Our board of directors has determined that Ms. Oke, Ms. Muhlner and Mr. Ho are independent directors as defined in the NYSE listing standards. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The firm of WithumSmith+Brown, PC Withum served as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm from October 2, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2022. The following is a summary of fees paid to Withum for services rendered. Audit Fees Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements, reviews of our quarterly financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Withum for audit fees and of services rendered in connection with our initial public offering, inclusive of required filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, totaled 135,720 and 108,150, respectively. Audit Related Fees Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Withum any audit-related fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Tax Fees Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. We paid Withum tax fees during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, totaling 9,100 and 8,570 respectively. All Other Fees All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. We did not pay Withum any other fees during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Pre-Approval Policy The audit committee is responsible for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing the work of the independent auditors. In recognition of this responsibility, the audit committee reviews and, in its sole discretion, pre-approves all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors as provided under the audit committee charter. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 

See the Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements commencing on page F-1 of this Form 10-K. 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules are omitted since the required information is not present or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedules, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 

(3) 
 The following Exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this report: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Merger Agreement, dated as of November 13, 2022, by and among the Company, Merger Sub and Electriq (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39948), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2022). 

2.2 
 
 First Amendment to Merger Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2022, by and among the Company, Merger Sub and Electriq (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39948), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on December 23, 2022). 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39948), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 1, 2021). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39948), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on December 21, 2022). 

3.3 
 
 By Laws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252032), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on January 12, 2021). 

4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated January 27, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39948), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 1, 2021). 

4.2 
 
 Description of Securities (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 001-39948), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 25, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated January 27, 2021, by and among the Company and RBC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39948), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 1, 2021). 

10.2 
 
 Promissory Note, dated October 13, 2020, issued to TLG Acquisition Founder LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252032), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on January 12, 2021). 

10.3 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252032), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on January 12, 2021). 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

10.4 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 27, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39948), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 1, 2021). 

10.5 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December 19, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39948), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on December 21, 2022). 

10.6 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated Jan 27, 2021, by and between the Company, RBC and the Sponsor (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39948), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 1, 2021). 

10.7 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated October 13, 2020, between the Company and TLG Acquisition Founder LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252032), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on January 12, 2021). 

10.8 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated January 27, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39948), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 1, 2021). 

10.9 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated January 27, 2021, by and between the Company and RBC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39948), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 1, 2021). 

10.10 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated January 27, 2021, by and between the Company and the TLG Management Partners LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39948), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 1, 2021). 

10.11 
 
 Form of Administrative Services Agreement between the Company and TLG Management Partners LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252032), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on January 12, 2021). 

10.12 
 
 Form of Letter Agreement among the Company and RBC Capital Markets, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252032), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on January 12, 2021). 

10.13 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note dated as of March 15, 2022, between the Company and the Sponsor (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-39948), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on May 16, 2022). 

10.14 
 
 Lock-up Agreement, dated as of November 13, 2022, by and among certain stockholders of Electriq, the Company and Electriq (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39948), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2022). 

10.15 
 
 Sponsor Agreement, dated as of November 13, 2022 by and among the Company, Electriq, the Sponsor, an affiliate of Sponsor and the Company s independent directors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39948), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2022). 

10.16 
 
 Form of Support Agreement, by and among certain stockholders of Electriq, Electriq and TLG (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39948), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2022). 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

10.17 
 
 Stockholders Agreement, dated as of November 13, 2022, by and among New Electriq, Sponsor and certain former Electriq equityholders (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39948), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2022). 

10.18 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, by and among New Electriq, Sponsor and certain of its affiliates, RBC and certain former stockholders of Electriq (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39948), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2022). 

10.19 
 
 Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 23, 2022, between Electriq and John Michael Lawrie (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39948), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on December 23, 2022). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the XBRL Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Not applicable. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

Date: March 20, 2023 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ John Michael Lawrie 

John Michael Lawrie 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ John Michael Lawrie John Michael Lawrie 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 20, 2023 

/s/ David Johnson David Johnson 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 20, 2023 

/s/ Zainabu Oke Zainabu Oke 
 
 Director 
 
 March 20, 2023 

/s/ Kristin Muhlner Kristin Muhlner 
 
 Director 
 
 March 20, 2023 

/s/ Edward Ho Edward Ho 
 
 Director 
 
 March 20, 2023 

Table of Contents 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page

Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of TLG Acquisition One Corp.

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 100) 

F-1

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-2

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-3

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-4

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-5

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-6

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 

TLG Acquisition One Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of TLG Acquisition One Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by April 1, 2023 then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition, date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over fi nanc
ial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ +Brown, PC 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

, New York 

March 20, 2023 

PCAOB ID Number 

F-1 

Table of Contents 

TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Assets:

Current assets:

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Total current assets

Cash and investments held in Trust Account

Total Assets

Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit:

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Working capital loan - related party

Income tax payable

Franchise tax payable

Total current liabilities

Derivative warrant liabilities

Deferred underwriting commissions

Total Liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, par value; and shares at redemption value of approximately and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Stockholders Deficit:

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; ne issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; non-redeemable
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (excluding shares subject to possible redemption)

Class F common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021

Additional paid-in
 capital

Accumulated deficit

() 

() 

Total stockholders deficit

() 

() 

Total Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2

Table of Contents 

TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

For the Years Ended

2022

2021

General and administrative expenses

General and administrative expenses - related party

Franchise tax expenses

Loss from operations

() 

() 
 
 Offering costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities

() 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities

Change in fair value of working capital loan - related party 

Income from investments held in Trust Account

Net income before income taxes

Income tax expense

() 

Net income

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock , basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class F common stock, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class F common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3

Table of Contents 

TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Common Stock

Additional Paid-In

Capital

Accumulated

 Deficit

Total

 Stockholders 

 Deficit

Class A

Class F

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Balance - January 1, 2022

Increase in redemption value 
of 
Class A 
common 
stock subject to possible redemption

() 

() 
 
 Net income

Balance - December 31, 2022

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Common Stock

Additional Paid-In

Capital

Accumulated

 Deficit

Total

 Stockholders 

 Deficit

Class A

Class F

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Balance - January 1, 2021

Accretion 
of 
Class A 
common 
stock 
subject 
to 
possible

() 

() 

() 
 
 redemption amount

Net income

Balance - December 31, 2021

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4

Table of Contents 

TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

For t
he Years Ended

2022

2021

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities:

General and administrative expenses paid by related party under note payable

Offering costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities

() 

() 
 
 Change in fair value of working capital loan - related party 

Income from investments held in Trust Account

() 

() 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

() 

() 
 
 Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Income tax payable

Franchise tax payable

() 

Net cash used in operating activities

() 

() 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities

Investment income released from Trust Account to pay for taxes

Cash withdrawn from Trust Accou n
t for redemptions

Cash deposited in Trust Account

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities

() 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Repayment of note payable to related party

() 
 
 Proceeds received from initial public offering, gross

Proceeds received from private placement

Redemption of Class A common stock

() 

Proceeds received from working Capital 
Loan - related party

Offering costs paid

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) 

financing activities

() 

Net change in cash

() 

Cash - beginning of the year

Cash - end of the year

Supplemental disclosure of noncash activities:

Deferred offering costs included in accrued expenses

Deferred offering costs paid by related party under promissory note

Accounts payable paid through promissory note

Deferred underwriting commissions in connection with the initial public offering

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5

Table of Contents 

TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), including additional Units to cover over-allotments (the Over-Allotment Units ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which million was for deferred underwriting commissions (Note 5). 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of and warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor and RBC Capital Markets, LLC, in its capacity as a purchaser of Private Placement Warrants RBC ), respectively, at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of million (Note 4). 
 Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, million per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement was placed in a trust account Trust Account ), and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), as determined by the Company, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 
 The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if any, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held in trust) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires or more of the voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 
 F- 6

Table of Contents 
 TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per Public Share). The per-share
 amount to be distributed to Public Stockholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5). These Public Shares will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). The Company will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. The Company will not redeem the Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than . If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Initial Stockholders (as defined below) agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. RBC has also agreed to vote any Public Shares purchased after the Initial Public Offering for which it has voting control in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the Initial Stockholders agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 
 The holders of the Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4) (the Initial Stockholders agreed not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial
 Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or February 1, 2023, (as such period may be extended pursuant to a stockholder vote, the Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem of the Public Shares, at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely 
 
 F- 7

Table of Contents 

TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement (a Target ), reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or Target that executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) not will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 
 Trust Account Redemptions and Extension of Combination Period 

On December 19, 2022, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders at which such stockholders approved the proposal to amend the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation giving the Company the right to extend the business combination deadline on a monthly basis up to six times from February 1, 2023 to August 1, 2023, by depositing into the Trust Account the lesser of (i) an aggregate of
 or (ii) for each issued and outstanding Public Share that has not been redeemed for each one-month extension (the Extension ). On both January 30, 2023 and February 24, 2023, the Company deposited

into the Trust Account in order to extend the business combination deadline to March 1, 2023 and April 1, 2023, respectively.

In connection with such vote, the holders of an aggregate of Public Shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate of approximately million in cash held in the Trust Account. Additionally, upon shareholder approval of the Extension, the Sponsors agreed that they would forfeit for consideration shares of Class F common stock in connection with the Extension, which shares of Class F common stock will be cancelled (the Forfeiture ). The Forfeiture occurred on January 30
, 2023.

F- 8

Table of Contents 
 TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, consisting of up to shares of the Company s Class A common stock, valued at per share, and the right to elect to receive up to million in cash with a corresponding reduction in the number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock. At the closing of the Merger (the Closing ), shares of the Company s Class A common stock from the Merger Consideration (the Merger Consideration Incentive Shares will be placed into an escrow account to be used as Merger Consideration Incentive Shares. As part of the Merger Consideration, holders of Electriq s warrants and options not exercised prior to the Merger will receive replacement warrants and options, respectively, to purchase shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock based on the value of the Merger Consideration per share of Electriq common stock. 
 Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to enter into subscription agreements, non-redemption
 agreements, backstop agreements or similar financing agreements (the Financing Agreements with one or more persons to provide at least the level of cash required to provide adequate operating liquidity for New Electriq through December 31, 2023 (such transactions, the Financings ). 
 In connection with the Financings, shares of the Company s Class A common stock (the Incentive Shares will be placed in escrow at Closing, consisting of newly issued shares of The Company s Class A common stock (the New Incentive Shares and the Merger Consideration Incentive Shares. The New Incentive Shares will be paid out as incentives in the Financings first, followed by the Merger Consideration Incentive Shares. At the termination of the escrow, any New Incentive Shares not paid out in the Financing will be transferred to the Sponsor (defined in the Merger Agreement) and to the Electriq equityholders, and any Merger Consideration Incentive Shares not paid out in the Financing will be returned to the Electriq equityholders. 
 The Merger Agreement includes covenants of Electriq with respect to operation of its business prior to consummation of the Merger. The Merger Agreement also contains additional covenants of the parties, including, among others, a covenant to make any required filings pursuant to the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended HSR ), and the preparation and filing of a registration statement on Form S-4
 relating to the Merger and containing a proxy statement of the Company (the Registration Statement / Proxy Statement ). The Merger Agreement also contains exclusivity provisions prohibiting Electriq and its subsidiaries from soliciting, initiating, knowingly facilitating, participating in, entering into, continuing discussions, negotiations or transactions with, or knowingly encouraging or responding to any inquiries or proposals by, or providing any information to any person relating to or that could reasonably be expect to lead to, or enter into or consummate any transaction relating to a Competing Company Transaction (as defined in the Merger Agreement), subject to limited exceptions specified therein. 
 
 F- 9

Table of Contents 

TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. 

The Merger Agreement may be terminated under certain customary and limited circumstances at any time prior to the Closing, including by mutual written consent or if the Business Combination has not been consummated on or prior to April 1, 2023 (subject to extensions until as late as June 1, 2023). 

In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, certain security holders of Electriq (the Electriq Holders entered into lock-up
 agreements (each, a Lock-up
 Agreement with Electriq and the Company. Pursuant to the Lock-up
 Agreements, the Electriq Holders agreed, among other things, that their shares of the Company s Class A common stock received as Merger Consideration may not be transferred until the earlier to occur of (i) six months following Closing and (ii) the date after the Closing on which New Electriq completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of New Electriq stockholders having the right to exchange their equity holdings in New Electriq for cash, securities or other property (the Lock-up ).
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, after the Closing, (i) the volume weighted average price per share of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -day
 trading period, of the Restricted Securities (as defined in the Lock-up
 Agreement) of each Electriq Holder is released from the Lock-up
 and (ii) the volume weighted average price per share of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -day
 trading period, an additional of the Restricted Securities of each Electriq Holder will be released from the Lock-up.
 
 In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company entered into an agreement (the Sponsor Agreement with Electriq, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor and the Company s independent directors, whereby the Sponsor and holders of the Company s Class F common stock have agreed to waive certain of their anti-dilution and conversion rights with respect to the Class F common stock. 
 The Sponsor also agreed to subject its holdings of the Company s Class F common stock, and the other holders of the Company s Class F common stock agreed to subject their Class F common stock, to certain transfer restrictions as follows: (i) with respect to shares of Class F common stock, the Sponsor will not transfer such shares until the earliest to occur of (x) the fifth anniversary of the Closing, (y) such time as the closing volume weighted average price of a share of the Company s Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds for any trading days within any -day
 trading period and (z) the date after the Closing on which New Electriq completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of New Electriq stockholders having the right to exchange their The Company s Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property; (ii) with respect to an additional SPAC Founder Shares, the Sponsor will not transfer such shares until the earliest to occur of (x) the fifth anniversary of the Closing, (y) such time as the closing volume weighted average price of a share of the Company s Class A Common Stock 
 
 F-1 0

Table of Contents 
 TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

for any trading days within any -day
 trading period or (z) the date after the Closing on which New Electriq completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of New Electriq stockholders having the right to exchange their The Company s Class A Common Stock for cash, securities or other property; and (iii) with respect to all of the SPAC Founder Shares (including those covered in (i) and (ii)), the Sponsor and the other holders will not transfer such shares until the earliest to occur of (x) the six-month
 anniversary of the Closing or (y) the date after the Closing on which New Electriq completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of New Electriq stockholders having the right to exchange their The Company s Class A Common Stock for cash, securities or other property; provided that (i) 
 of such SPAC Founder Shares will be released at such time as the closing volume weighted average price of a share of 

 the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds for any trading days within any -day trading period and (ii) an additional of such shares of Class F common stock will be released at such time as the closing volume weighted average price of a share of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds for any trading days within any -day trading period.

The Company s 

Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds for any trading days within any -day
 trading period and (ii) an additional of such SPAC Founder Shares will be released at such time as the closing volume weighted average price of a share of the Company s Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds for any trading days within any -
 day
 trading period. 

Support Agreement 

In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, certain stockholders of Electriq (each, a Supporting Electriq Stockholder ), Electriq and the Company entered into a Support Agreement (the Support Agreement ). Under the Support Agreement, each Supporting Electriq Stockholder agreed to, among other things, (i) vote at any meeting of the stockholders of Electriq or by written consent all of its Electriq common stock and/or Electriq preferred stock, as applicable, held of record or thereafter acquired in favor of the Merger and the Transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and (ii) be bound by certain transfer restrictions with respect to Electriq securities, in each case, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Support Agreement. 
 Stockholders Agreement 
 The Merger Agreement contemplates that, at the Closing, New Electriq, the Sponsor and certain former Electriq equityholders will enter into a stockholders agreement (the Stockholders Agreement ), pursuant to which (i) the Sponsor will be entitled to nominate one (1) director until the date upon which the Sponsor s and its affiliates aggregate initial ownership interest of the issued and outstanding common stock of New Electriq Sponsor Initial Ownership Interest decreases to one-half
 of Sponsor Initial Ownership Interest and (ii) Greensoil Building Innovation Fund Co-Investment
 I, L.P. Greensoil will be entitled to nominate one (1) director until the date upon which Greensoil s and its affiliates aggregate initial ownership interest of the issued and outstanding common stock of New Electriq Greensoil Initial Ownership Interest decreases to one-half
 of the Greensoil Initial Ownership Interest. The Sponsor and Greensoil will also each be entitled to designate one non-voting
 board observer until the date upon which each of the Sponsor and Greensoil, respectively, holds less than of the issued and outstanding common stock of New Electriq. 
 Registration Rights Agreement 
 The Merger Agreement contemplates that, at the Closing, New Electriq, the Sponsor, certain of its affiliates, RBC and certain former stockholders of Electriq will enter into an amended and restated registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, New Electriq will agree to register for resale, pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), certain shares of The Company s Class A Common Stock that are held by, or issuable pursuant to other securities held by, the parties thereto from time to time.
 
 F-1 1

Table of Contents 

TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

in its operating bank account and a working capital deficit of approximately million, not including taxes payable of approximately million. 
 
 The Company s liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through the payment of from the Sponsor on behalf of the Company to cover certain offering costs in exchange for issuance of Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4), and a loan from the Sponsor of approximately under the Note (as defined in Note 4). The Company repaid the Note in full upon consummation of the Private Placement. 
 Subsequent from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company s liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, held outside of the Trust Account, and Working Capital Loan from affiliates. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Working Capital Loan (as defined in Note 4) as may be required. The Company has drawn approximately million and million under such loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 205-40,
 Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern, management has determined that the liquidity condition, the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after April 1, 2023 (as such period may be extended to August 1, 2023). The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. The Company intends to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. 

F-1 2

Table of Contents 
 TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

F-1 3

Table of Contents 

TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, held outside of the Trust Account. 
 million in cash held in the Trust Account. 

days or less, or investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities and generally have a readily determinable fair value, or a combination thereof. When the Company s investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of U.S. government securities, the investments are classified as trading securities. When the Company s investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of money market funds, the investments are recognized at fair value. Trading securities and investments in money market funds are presented in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities are included in income from investments held in Trust Account in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account are determined using available market information. 

F-1 4

Table of Contents 
 TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F-1 5

Table of Contents 

TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s consolidated balance sheets, respectively. 
 Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount. The change in the carrying value of redeemable shares of Class A common stock resulted in charges against additional paid-in
 capital and accumulated deficit. 
 and million, which are subject to a full valuation allowance, respectively. 
 ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. There were unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. 
 shares of Class A common stock in the calculation of diluted income per share because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net income per share is the same as basic net income per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 
 
 F-1 6

Table of Contents 
 TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Denominator:

Basic and diluted weighted average common stock outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per common stock

Units, including Over-Allotment Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which million was for deferred underwriting commissions. 
 Each whole Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8). 
 to cover certain offering costs of the Company in exchange for shares of the Company s Class F common stock, par value per share (the Founder Shares ). 
 
 F-1 7

Table of Contents 

TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Founder Shares to each of the independent directors at their original purchase price. On January 27, 2021, the Company effected a stock dividend of of a share of Class F common stock for each outstanding share of Class F common stock, resulting in an aggregate of shares of Class F common stock outstanding. The Initial Stockholders agreed to forfeit up to Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. The underwriter exercised its over-allotment option in full on February 1, 2021; thus, these 1,250,000 Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 
 The Initial Stockholders agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination; (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading
 day period commencing at least days after the initial Business Combination; and (C) the date following the completion of the initial Business Combination on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 
 Private Placement Warrants 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the Private Placement of and Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor and RBC, respectively, at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of million. 
 Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for whole share of Class A common stock at a price of per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable
 for cash and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor, RBC, or their permitted transferees. 
 The Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. 
 Related Party Loans 

On October 13, 2020, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This loan was n-interest
 bearing and due upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The Company borrowed approximately under the Note and repaid the Note in full upon consummation of the Private Placement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no further drawdowns are permitted. 
 In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor and the Company executed a non-interest-bearing
 promissory note in May 2021, providing the Company the ability to borrow up to (the Working Capital Loan ). On March 15, 2022, the Sponsor and the Company amended the Working Capital Loan, providing the Company the ability to borrow up to . On 
 
 F-1 8

Table of Contents 
 TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. If the Company completes an initial Business Combination, the Company will repay the Working Capital Loan out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loan will be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loan, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loan. The lender may elect to convert up to 

 million of such Working Capital Loan into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants will be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. The Company has drawn approximately million and million under such loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

per month for office space, administrative and support services to such affiliate. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. 
 The Company incurred approximately and in general and administrative expenses related to the agreement, which is recognized in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December, 2022 and 2021 there was and in accounts payable related to this agreement. 
 The Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any reasonable out-of-pocket

 expenses incurred in connection with activities on the Company s behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. The Company s audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by the Company to the Sponsor, officers, directors or any of their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket

 expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on the Company s behalf. 

Underwriting Agreement 

The Company granted the underwriters a -day
 option from the date of Initial Public Offering to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriter exercised its over-allotment option in full on February 1, 2021. 
 The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of per Unit, or million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters were entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or million in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 
 Consulting Fees 

The Company has agreements with third party consultants to provide certain advisory services to the Company relating to the identification of and negotiations with potential Targets, assistance with due diligence, marketing, financial analyses and investor relations, pursuant to which the consultants have agreed to defer their fees and have payment of such fees to be solely contingent on the Company closing an initial Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has incurred approximately and in contingent fees pursuant to these agreements. The Company will recognize an expense for these services when the performance trigger is considered probable, which in this case will occur upon the closing of an initial Business Combination. 
 Risks and Uncertainties 

Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19
 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 In February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy is not determinable as of the date of these consolidated financial statements. The specific impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these consolidated financial statements. 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. Any share redemption or other share repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, 

extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise will depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 
 shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of Class A common stock outstanding, all of which were subject to possible redemption. 

Less:

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance

() 
 
 Offering costs allocated to Class A common stock subject to possible redemption

() 
 
 Plus:

Accretion on Class A common stock subject to possible redemption amount

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, as of December 31, 2021

Accretion on Class A common stock subject to possible redemption amount

Redemption of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption amount

() 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, as of December 31, 2022

shares of preferred stock, par value per share, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 
 Class

A Common Stock

-The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and 
 
 F-2 1

Table of Contents 

TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP.

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

shares of Class F common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class F common stock outstanding, after giving retrospective application of the stock dividend as discussed in Note 4. Of the shares of Class F common stock outstanding at December 31, 2020, up to shares of Class F common stock were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Initial Stockholders would collectively own of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock after the Initial Public Offering. The underwriter exercised its over-allotment option in full on February 1, 2021; thus, these shares of Class F common stock are no longer subject to forfeiture. 
 The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that, prior to the initial Business Combination, only holders of the Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of the Public Shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation may only be amended if approved by holders of at least of the outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including any vote in connection with the initial Business Combination, except as required by applicable law or the applicable rules of the New York Stock Exchange then in effect, holders of the Founder Shares and holders of the Public Shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. 
 The Class F common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock at the time of the initial Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one

 basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of the initial Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class F common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class F common stock agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class F common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
 basis, of the sum of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination, excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination. 
 Public Warrants and Private Warrants outstanding, respectively. 
 Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) days after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under 

the Securities Act). The Company agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC and have an effective registration statement covering the shares of the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of the Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed. If a registration statement covering the shares of the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the th business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. 
 The warrants have an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Board, and in the case of any such issuance to the initial stockholders or their respective affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by them, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the Newly Issued Price. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable
 so long as they are held by the Sponsor, RBC or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the Sponsor, RBC or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 
 Redemption of warrants for cash: 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per warrant; 

upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption; and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a -trading
 day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders 
 The Company will not redeem the warrants as described above unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock is available throughout the -day
 redemption period. Any such exercise would not be on a cashless basis and would require the exercising holder to pay the exercise price for each warrant being exercised. 
 If the Company calls the warrants for redemption as described above, the management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. 

Redemption of warrants for Class A common stock: 

Commencing ninety days after the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to an agreed table based on the redemption date and the fair market value of Class A common stock; 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted per stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) on the trading day prior to the date on which the Company send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; 

if, and only if, the Private Placement Warrants are also concurrently exchanged at the same price (equal to a number of shares of Class A common stock) as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above; and 

if, and only if, there is an effective registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating thereto available throughout the -day
 period after written notice of redemption is given. 
 The fair market value of Class A common stock for the above purpose shall mean the average last reported sale price of Class A common stock for the trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 
 If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

Derivative warrant liabilities - Private placement warrants

Working Capital Loan - related party

F-2 4

Table of Contents 
 TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Liabilities:

Derivative warrant liabilities - Public warrants

Derivative warrant liabilities - Private placement warrants

Working Capital loan - related party

Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2, and 3 are recognized at the beginning of the reporting period. The estimated fair value of the Public Warrants was transferred from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 1 fair value measurement in March 2021, upon trading of the Public Warrants in an active market. The estimated fair value of the Private Placement Warrants was transferred from a Level 3 to a Level 2 on January 1, 2022, as the key inputs to the valuation model became directly or indirectly observable from the Public Warrants listed price. There were no other transfers between levels of the hierarchy for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Level 1 assets include investments in money market funds that invest solely in U.S. Treasury securities, as of December 31, 2021. 

The initial fair value of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants have each been measured at fair value using a modified Black-Scholes option pricing model. The fair value of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants has subsequently been determined using listed prices in an active market for such warrants. The fair value of the Private Placement Warrants has subsequently been determined by reference to the observable trading price of the Public Warrants, when classified as a Level 2 measurement. 

The estimated fair value of the Private Placement Warrants, prior to being a Level 2 measurement, was determined using Level 3 inputs. Inherent in an option pricing simulation are assumptions related to expected stock-price volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. The Company estimates the volatility of its common shares based on historical volatility of select peer companies common shares that matches the expected remaining life of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon
 yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates remaining at zero. 

 Up to

million in outstanding principal of the Working Capital Loan may be converted, at the lender s option, into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 

per warrant. The warrants will be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. The Company has elected the fair value option to account for the borrowings under the Working Capital Loan. The fair value of the working capital loan was estimated utilizing discounted cash flow techniques and a Black-Scholes option model assuming the warrants as 

F-2 5

Table of Contents 

TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Stock price

Term (years)

Volatility

Risk-free rate

Volatility

Risk-free rate

Discount rate

Probability of Business Combination

Term (years)

Issuance of Public and Private Placement Warrants

Transfer of Public Warrants to Level 1

() 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities

() 

Borrowings of working capital loan - related party

Level 3 - Instruments at December 31, 2021

Transfer of Private Placement Warrants from Level 3 to Level 2

() 

Borrowings of working capital loan - related party

Change in fair value of working capital loan - related party

Level 3 - Instruments at December 31, 2022

million and , respectively. 
 
 F-2 6

Table of Contents 
 TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

State

Deferred

Federal

() 

() 
 
 State

Valuation allowance

Income tax provision

Net operating loss carryforwards

Total deferred tax assets

Valuation allowance

() 

() 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance

In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the valuation allowance was approximately ,000 and million, respectively. 
 There were unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. 
 
 F-2 7

Table of Contents 

TLG ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities

() 

() 
 
 Transaction costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities

Merger costs

() 
 
 Change in valuation allowance

Income Taxes Benefit

shares of Class F common stock in connection with the Extension, which shares of Class F common stock will be cancelled. The Forfeiture occurred on January 30, 2023. 

In January 2023, the Company drew an additional on the Working Capital Loan. 

On January 30, 2023, the Company deposited 

 into the Trust Account in order to extend the business combination deadline from February 1, 2023 to March 1, 2023.

In February 2023, the Company drew an additional on the Working Capital Loan. 

On February 24
, 2023, the Company deposited into the Trust Account in order to extend the business combination deadline from March 1, 2023 to April 1, 2023. 

F-2 8

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d461286dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13A-14(A) AND
 15D-14(A) AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John Michael Lawrie, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this
Annual Report on Form 10-K of TLG Acquisition One Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 20, 2023 
 
 By: 

/s/ John Michael Lawrie 

John Michael Lawrie 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d461286dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13A-14(A) AND
 15D-14(A) AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, David Johnson, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual
Report on Form 10-K of TLG Acquisition One Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 20, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ David Johnson 

David Johnson 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d461286dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of TLG Acquisition One Corp. (the Company for the year
ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, John Michael Lawrie, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 20, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ John Michael Lawrie 

John Michael Lawrie 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive
Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d461286dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of TLG Acquisition One Corp. (the Company for the year
ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, David Johnson, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 20, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ David Johnson 

David Johnson 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 tlga-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 tlga-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 tlga-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 tlga-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

