<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_1058811_0001628280-23-004561.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13087847</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>605882</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3786092</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3813722</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2567757</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2106463</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>24</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-004561.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222161142
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-004561
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		118
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IMMERSION CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001058811
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER PERIPHERAL EQUIPMENT, NEC [3577]
		IRS NUMBER:				943180138
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38334
		FILM NUMBER:		23653224

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2999 N. E. 191ST STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 610
		CITY:			AVENTURA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33180
		BUSINESS PHONE:		408-467-1900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2999 N. E. 191ST STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 610
		CITY:			AVENTURA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33180

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IMMERSION HUMAN INTERFACE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980602

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-004561.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 immr-20221231.htm
 10-K

immr-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes [ ] [x] 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes [ ] [x] 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. [x] No [ ] 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). [x] No [ ] 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated filer [ ] [X ] Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [ ] [X] 
 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was 242,635,444 (based on the closing sales price of the registrant s common stock on that date). On February 10, 2023, there were 32,325,381 shares of our common shares outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

IMMERSION CORPORATION 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 Page Item 1. Business 
 6 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 10 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 
 Item 2. Properties 
 29 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 34 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 42 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 42 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 80 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 81 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 81 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 82 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 82 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 82 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 82 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 82 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 82 
 Item 16. 10-K Summary 
 86 
 Signatures 
 87 

Table of Contents 

Forward-looking Statements 
 
 In addition to historical information this Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are frequently identified by words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, may, can, will, places, estimates, and other similar expressions. However, these words are not the only way we identify forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include among other things, any expectations, projections, or other characterizations of future events, or circumstances, and include statements regarding: the continued impact of COVID-19 on our business, and the continued impact of COVID-19 on our customers, suppliers, and on the economy in general; our strategy and our ability to execute our business plan; our competition and the market in which we operate; our customers and suppliers; our revenue and trends related thereto, and the recognition and components thereof; our costs and expenses; including capital expenditures; our investment of surplus funds and sales of marketable securities seasonality and demand; our investment in research and technology development; changes to general and administrative expenses; our foreign operations and the reinvestment of our earnings related thereto; our investment in and protection of our IP; our employees; capital expenditures and the sufficiency of our capital resources; unrecognized tax benefit and tax liabilities; the impact of changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates, as well as our plans with respect to foreign currency hedging in general; changes in laws and regulations; including with respect to taxes; our plans and estimates related to and the impact of current and future litigation and arbitration; our sublease and the timing and income related thereto; and our dividend, stock repurchase and equity distribution programs. 
 
 Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements, therefore we caution you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the risk factors contained below under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 
 Any forward-looking statements made by us in this report speak only as of the date of this report, and we do not intend to update these forward-looking statements after the filing of this report, unless required to do so by applicable law or regulation. You are urged to review carefully and consider our various disclosures in this report and in our other reports publicly disclosed or filed with the SEC that attempt to advise you of the risks and factors that may affect our business. 

2 

Table of Contents 

 Risk Factor Summary 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could affect our ability to successfully implement our business strategy and affect our financial results. You should carefully consider all the information in this report and, in particular, the following principal risks and all of the other specific factors described in Item 1A of this report, Risk Factors, before deciding whether to invest in our company. 
 Risks related to our business: 
 Our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and stock price can be adversely affected by catastrophic events, such as pandemics, or other public health emergencies, such as COVID-19, or by the uncertain economic and political environment in geographies in which we operate. 
 Our business could be materially and adversely affected if we are unable to enter new licensing arrangements (or renew existing licenses) on favorable terms. In addition, a limited number of customers account for a significant portion of our revenue, and the loss of major customers could harm our operating results. Moreover, if our customers discontinue product lines that incorporate our technology, our operating results may be negatively impacted. 
 Our failure to develop or acquire successful innovations and obtain patents on those innovations could significantly harm our business. 
 Shortages of electronic components may cause a decrease in production and sales of our customers products which could result in lower royalties payable to us. 
 Our licenses with component manufacturers may cause confusion as to our licensing model and may prevent us from enforcing our patents based on the patent exhaustion doctrine, or other legal doctrines. 
 We are or may become involved in litigation to enforce our IP rights (or defend against assertions that we violate a third party s IP), or resolve conflicts over license terms in our license agreements, and the costs thereof could adversely affect our business. 
 If we fail to protect and enforce our patent rights and other IP rights (or if there are adverse changes in patent and litigation legislation or enforcement), our ability to license our technologies and generate revenues could be impaired. 
 If we are not able to attract, recruit and retain qualified personnel, we may not be able to effectively develop and deploy our technologies. In addition, we have experienced turnover in our senior management and our employee base, which could result in operational and administrative inefficiencies and could hinder the execution of our growth strategy. 
 We may not maintain consistent profitability in the future. 
 Our international operations subject us to risks and costs, and our failure to comply with complex U.S. or foreign laws could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 We may incur greater tax liability than anticipated which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 We may not be able to continue to innovate in the gaming market or continue to derive significant revenues from third party gaming peripheral makers for video gaming platforms. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 We may not be able to continue to derive significant revenues from gaming peripheral makers for various reasons, including as a result of our fixed payment license with Microsoft, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 Automobiles incorporating our technologies are subject to lengthy development periods, making it difficult to predict when and whether we will receive royalties for these product types. 
 If our licensees efforts fail to generate consumer demand, our revenue may be adversely affected. 
 The rejection of our haptic technology by standards-setting organizations, or failure of the standards-setting organization to develop timely commercially viable standards may negatively impact our business. 
 Our business and operations could suffer in the event of any actual or perceived security breaches, including breaches that compromise personal information. 
 If we are unable to develop open-source compliant products (or our products contain undetected errors), our ability to license our technologies and generate revenues may be impaired. 
 Our business depends in part on access to third-party platforms and technologies. If such access is withdrawn, denied, or is not available on terms acceptable to us, or if the platforms or technologies change, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 If we fail to establish and maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis could be impaired, which would adversely affect our business and our stock price. 
 Risks related to investing in our common stock: 
 Our quarterly revenues and operating results are volatile, and if our future results are below expectations, the price of our common stock is likely to decline. Our stock price may fluctuate regardless of our performance. 
 Future sales of our equity could result in significant dilution to our existing stockholders and depress the market price of our common stock. In addition, we will have broad discretion as to the use of proceeds from the at the market offerings that we announced in February 2022, and we may not use the proceeds effectively. 
 We may elect to purchase marketable securities, or digital or alternative currencies, as part of our capital allocation or investment strategy; and if we determine to purchase marketable securities, or digital or alternative currencies (such as bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies,), our financial results and the market price of our common stock may be affected by the price of these alternative investments, which may be highly volatile. 
 We may engage in the acquisition of other companies or other investments outside of our current line of business, which may have an adverse material effect on our existing business. 
 Any stock repurchase program could affect our stock price and add volatility. 
 Changes in financial accounting standards or policies may affect our reported financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our business is subject to changing regulations regarding corporate governance and other compliance areas that will increase both our costs and the risk of noncompliance. Further, provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law could prevent or delay a change in control, which could reduce the market price of our common stock. 
 Our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes may be limited. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Any decision to reduce or discontinue the payment of cash dividends to our stockholders could cause the market price of our common stock to decline significantly. 

5 

Table of Contents 

Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 Immersion Corporation (the Company , Immersion , we , or us is a premier licensing company focused on the invention, acceleration, and scaling, through licensing, of innovative haptic technologies that allow people to use their sense of touch to engage with products and experience the digital world around them. We are one of the leading experts in haptics, and our focus on innovation allows us to deliver world-class intellectual property IP and technology that enables the creation of products that delight end users. Our technologies are designed to facilitate the creation of high-quality haptic experiences, enable their widespread distribution, and ensure that their playback is optimized. Our primary business is currently in the mobility, gaming, and automotive markets, but we believe our technology is broadly applicable and see opportunities in evolving new markets, including virtual and augmented reality, and wearables, as well as residential, commercial, and industrial Internet of Things. In recent years, we have seen a trend towards broad market adoption of haptic technology. As other companies follow our leadership in recognizing how important tactile feedback can be in people s digital lives, we expect the opportunity to license our IP and technologies will continue to expand. 
 
 We have adopted a business model under which we offer licenses to our patented technology to our customers and offer our customers enabling software, related tools and technical assistance designed to integrate our patented technology into our customers products or enhance the functionality of our patented technology. Our licenses enable our customers to deploy haptically-enabled devices, content and other offerings, which they typically sell under their own brand names. We and our wholly-owned subsidiaries hold more than 1,200 issued or pending patents worldwide as of December 31, 2022. Our patents cover a wide range of digital technologies and ways in which touch-related technology can be incorporated into and between hardware products and components, systems software, application software, and digital content. We believe that our IP is relevant to many of the most important and cutting-edge ways in which haptic technology is and can be deployed, including in connection with mobile interfaces and user interactions, in association with pressure and other sensing technologies, as part of video and interactive content offerings, as related to virtual and augmented reality experiences, and in connection with advanced actuation technologies and techniques. Our portfolio includes numerous patents and patent applications that we believe may become essential to emerging standards in development by Standards Development Organizations SDOs including media standards in development by ISO/IEC Moving Picture Expert Group (MPEG) and software and system standards in development at IEEE-SA. 
 We were incorporated in 1993 in California and reincorporated in Delaware in 1999. 
 Our Business Strategy 
 Our goals are to maximize our profitable licensing opportunities to increase stockholder value, continue to play a leading role in the haptics industry, and to drive the adoption of our touch technology across markets and applications to improve user experiences in the digital realm. Our strategy is founded upon the ability to: 
 Drive Adoption: Communicate the advantages of our patented innovations and technologies to the relevant customers in target end-markets and encourage their adoption through demonstrations, incorporation in the offerings of world-class companies and participation in SSOs. 
 Monetize: License our technology to customers for use in the creation, distribution and playback of high-quality haptic experiences in various products, services and markets. 
 Innovate: Develop and patent our innovative technology, in a targeted and cost-efficient manner, to provide haptics in mobile, gaming, automotive, wearable, virtual and augmented reality, and other products and services to transform user experiences with unique and customizable tactile effects. 
 Foster Haptic Standards : We intend to participate in the creation of ecosystem wide standards that will enable accelerated adoption of haptic technologies across our core markets. Additionally, we will provide technical leadership within the haptics ecosystem and align supply side haptics solution providers on consistent specifications to reduce friction related to the integration of haptics into license bearing products through participation in industry bodies and targeted standards setting organizations SSOs ). 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Expand Markets and Applications : Work closely with component suppliers, chip vendors, systems integrators, content enablers and other partners to broaden the use of haptics within our current core markets and to expand it into emerging markets, such as virtual and augmented reality. 
 Haptics and Its Benefits 
 While the digital world offers many advanced technologies and capabilities, it often fails to provide us with meaningful touch experiences that inform and enrich our real-world interactions. As we experience the physical world in our everyday lives, we rely on our sense of touch to provide us with reassuring context and confirmation, to bring us closer to one another through rich communications, and to enjoy entertainment, sports and other activities through realistic engagement. Without these tactile qualities, our digital experiences can feel flat and ineffective, pale reflections of the real world. 
 Immersion haptic technologies enhances digital experiences, restoring the missing elements of confirmation, realism and rich communication to the digital world and help realize our vision: With touch, we make people s digital lives more personal, vivid, and meaningful . 
 Confirmation: Today s touchscreen, touch pad, and other touch surfaces often lack the physical feedback that is provided by mechanical keyboards, buttons, and switches that we need to fully understand the context of our interactions. By providing users with intuitive and unmistakable tactile confirmation as they push virtual buttons and scroll through lists, haptics can instill confidence, increase input speed, reduce errors and help improve safety. This is especially important in environments that involve distractions, such as automotive and commercial applications, where audio or visual confirmation is insufficient. 
 Realism: Haptics can inject a sense of realism into user experiences by exciting the senses and allowing the user to become immersed in the action and nuance of the application. For example, in haptically-enhanced videos, mobile games and simulations that integrate audio-visual content with tactile sensations, users can feel guns recoil, engines revving, and the crack of a baseball bat crushing a home run. 
 Rich Communications: When humans communicate through touch, they are better able to establish emotional connections and feelings of closeness. In mobile devices and wearables, haptics can enhance voice, chat and video applications by creating a sense of physical presence, allowing for more personal and engaging communications between users. Moreover, haptics can offer users a discreet and unobtrusive way of exchanging meaningful information without disruptive audio or visual feedback. 
 We believe these features of our haptic technology are broadly applicable to a number of markets and devices. By continuing to enhance these features through further research and development, we believe we will serve as a strategic partner for our customers and partners in helping them develop a more compelling user experience for consumers. 
 Our Offerings 
 We provide enabling technology, IP and haptic expertise to our customers through a variety of different offerings, including technology licenses, patent licenses, and combined licenses that cover both technology and patents. In most cases, we provide patent licenses to our customers, and also offer technology licenses which may include services, reference designs, and/or software development kits SDKs ), with the specific rights and restrictions to the applicable patents described in the license agreements. When we offer patent licenses, we generally provide the customer with a defined right to use our patented innovations in its own products, subject to limitations by specific field of use and other restrictions. 
 Our agreements are typically structured with fixed, variable or a mix of fixed and variable royalty and/or license payments over certain defined periods, as well as, in certain cases, fees for support or other services. 
 Patent Licenses 
 Through almost 30 years of innovative research, development and business activity, we have built a far-reaching and deep portfolio of patents covering many of the foundational aspects and commercial applications of haptic technology. We have implemented formal policies and procedures governing how we create, protect and maintain our IP assets, and we invest resources judiciously and in a cost-efficient manner in our patent portfolio with the goal of improving return on investment for our stockholders. We continue to pursue intellectual property that aligns with our business strategy while efficiently managing our patent prosecution and maintenance costs. Our portfolio includes more than 1,200 worldwide issued or pending as of December 31, 2022, which support our technology offerings, protect our business activities and prospects, and represent an important independent licensing and revenue channel for us. We believe that our IP is relevant to many of the most important ways in which haptic technology is and can be deployed, including in connection with mobile interfaces and user interactions, 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 in association with pressure and other sensing technologies, related to virtual and augmented reality experiences, and in connection with advanced actuation technologies and techniques. 
 Technology and Engineering Offerings 
 In addition to licensing our patents to customers, we offer licenses to our other technology through integrated licensing kit offerings that may include tools, software, firmware, reference designs, and related documentation to enable development and deployment of advanced haptic experiences in consumer devices and applications. Our offerings include: 
 Reference Designs and reference technology: We offer reference designs for customers to use for technology evaluation and product development purposes. Our designs include documentation and materials that designers, engineers, and system integrators may utilize to integrate advanced haptics into existing or new products and applications. Our reference technologies include source code for host and embedded product development and are intended to accelerate adoption of licensed technologies by our licensees. 
 Software and firmware: We offer software and firmware for OEMs and supply chain partners to integrate advanced haptic capabilities and optimize system performance. Our SDKs consist of tools, integration software and effect libraries that allow for the design, encoding and playback of tactile effects. The SDKs offer high-fidelity tactile effects to augment and enhance content, while ensuring quality playback within consumer devices. Our reference firmware is designed to optimize control and performance of haptic system hardware. 
 Engineering and Integration Services: We offer engineering assistance, including technical and design assistance and integration services that allow our licensees to incorporate our touch-enabling solutions and technologies into their products at a reasonable cost and within a shortened time frame, allowing them to bring products to market quickly by using our years of haptic development and solution deployment expertise. We work closely with qualified engineering service providers to assist customers in integration activities. 
 Markets 
 Mobile Communications, Wearables, and Consumer Electronics: We offer haptic expertise to Original Equipment Manufacturers OEM in the mobile, gaming, and related consumer electronics markets. 
 Our licensees currently include some of the top makers of mobile devices in the world, including Samsung, Google, Sony, Panasonic, as well as integrated circuit manufacturers such as Awinic and Dongwoon Anatech. 
 Revenue generated from OEMs and integrated circuit customers in the mobile communications market, represented 60 of our total revenue in each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Gaming and VR: We have licensed our patents directly to Microsoft, Sony and Nintendo for use in their console gaming products. We have also licensed our patents to Sony for use in VR products. Additionally, we have licensed our patents to third party gaming peripheral manufacturers and distributors for use in spinning mass and force feedback devices such as controllers, steering wheels and joysticks, to be used with PC platforms running on Microsoft Windows and other operating systems, as well as in connection with video game consoles made by Microsoft, Sony, Nintendo and others. Our PC gaming licensees include Guillemot and Microsoft. We will not receive any further royalties from Microsoft under our current agreement with Microsoft, including with respect to Microsoft s gaming products or any other haptic-related product that Microsoft produces or sells. 
 Revenue generated from customers in the gaming and VR market, represented 21 of our total revenue, in each of the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 
 Automotive: We offer patent licenses and assistance such as reference designs, prototypes and enablement services to automotive makers and suppliers. Our current licensees include ALPS Alpine, Continental, Preh, Nissha Co. Ltd., Mobase Electronics (formerly Seoyon Electronics), Tokai Rika and Vishay Intertechnology. 
 Revenue generated from automotive customers, as a percentage of our total revenue, in 2022 and 2021, represented 13 and 19 , respectively. 
 Other: We offer patent licenses to other markets. Our current licensees include Stanley, Nippon Seiki, Elan Microelectronics, Wacom Co., Ltd., and others. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue generated from other customers in 2022 and 2021, were 6 and 2 of our total revenue, respectively. 
 
 We expect the mix of our total revenue from our markets to remain fairly consistent , but believe that certain emerging markets, such as the VR/AR market may have potential to affect our total revenue mix. However, certain markets may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter based upon the terms in our technology licenses, our revenue recognition policies and the seasonality of our licensee s shipments. 
 Sales 
 Our revenue fluctuates quarterly and is generally higher in the third quarter of our fiscal year due to increased shipments by our customers of licensed products in preparation for the holiday season. However, significant fluctuations in the timing of our revenue are driven by the terms of our licensing agreements, the period in which such agreements become effective and our revenue recognition policies. 
 We employ a consolidated direct sales force in the United States and Asia to license our patents and other technology across our target markets and augment that sales force via partnerships and licensing agreements with component suppliers and system integrators. 
 Additional information about significant customers is incorporated herein by reference to Note 11 . Segment Reporting, Geographic Information, and Significant Customers of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statement in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 Competition 
 Our biggest source of competition derives from decisions made by internal design groups at our OEM, haptic integrated circuit manufacturer, and other customers, as well as potential customers. Our strong patent position generally makes us unique in the market in that we may lose a software licensing opportunity, for example, to a competitor or in-house team but still secure a patent license when haptics is used. 
 We expect that these internal design groups will continue to make choices regarding whether to implement haptics or not, as well as the extent of their haptic investment and whether to develop their own haptic solutions. 
 The principal competitive factors impacting our business are the strength of the patents underlying our technology, as well as the technological expertise and design innovation and the use, reliability and cost-effectiveness of our software solutions. We believe we compete favorably in all these areas. 
 Our competitive position is also impacted by the competitive positions of our licensees products and other offerings. Our licensees markets are highly competitive. We believe that the principal competitive factors in our licensees markets include price, performance, user-centric design, ease-of-use, quality, and timeliness of products, as well as the licensee s responsiveness, capacity, technical abilities, established customer relationships, distribution channels and access to retail shelf space, advertising, promotional programs, and brand recognition. Touch-related benefits in some of these markets may be viewed simply as marginal enhancements and may compete with non-touch-enabled technologies and price elasticity may be a significant factor in whether these markets incorporate haptic technologies. 
 Research and Development 
 Our success, in part, depends on ensuring that our patents and other intellectual property continue to be relevant in our core markets in a manner that aligns with our business strategy while efficiently managing our costs. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, our research and development expenses were 1.4 million and 4.2 million, respectively. 
 We have multi-disciplinary expertise in usability and multimodal user interface design, actuator design, sensors, integration, real-time simulation algorithms, control, and software development. Our R D team works with existing and potential partners to help them assess and prove the value of haptics in their field of interest, creating competitive differentiators and value-added solutions. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Intellectual Property 
 Protection of our IP portfolio is crucial to our business. We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, nondisclosure agreements with employees and third parties, licensing arrangements, and other contractual agreements with third parties to protect our IP. We maintain and support an active program to protect our IP, primarily through the filing of patent applications and the defense of issued patents against infringement. Parties who license our IP make an investment in our technology, and that investment gets devalued when unlicensed parties use our IP. Litigation against unlicensed third parties is a last step after all other avenues for resolution have been exhausted. If unlicensed parties continue to ship products that use our IP without fairly remunerating us, litigation may be a proper step to protect our IP and assets, as well as protecting the investments of our existing licensees. As haptics gain wider acceptance in the market, the likelihood of unlicensed use of our IP increases. This could result in ongoing dispute resolution and litigation efforts, as we seek to protect the investment that we and our valid licensees have made in our technology. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we and our wholly owned subsidiaries had more than 1,200 currently issued or pending patents worldwide that cover various aspects of our technologies. The duration of our issued patents is determined by the laws of the country of issuance and is typically 20 years from the effective date of filing of the patent application resulting in the patent. 
 Investor Information 
 You can access financial and other information in the Investor Relations section of our web site at www.immersion.com. We make available, on our web site, free of charge, copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such material electronically or otherwise furnishing it to the SEC. 
 The charters of our audit committee, our compensation committee, and our nominating/corporate governance committee, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (including Code of Ethics provisions that apply to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, controller, and senior financial officers), our Corporate Governance Principles and our Stock Ownership Policy are also available at our web site under Corporate Governance . These items are also available to any stockholder who requests them by calling +1 408.467.1900. 
 The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy, and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov . 
 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 20 employees, 19 of which were full-time equivalent employees and who are in 4 countries. Of these, 14, or approximately 74 , were located in the United States and Canada. 
 We rely on the skills and talent of our employees to successfully execute our strategy through ongoing innovation, licensing activities, and collaboration with customers and partners to ensure that high-quality tactile experiences are brought to market. Accordingly, we seek to retain employees with world class haptic expertise, as well as the executive management and operating personnel required to successfully execute our business strategies. To retain these high caliber employees, we strive to create an environment and culture that fosters and supports the continued adoption of our technology in our core markets where we see further licensing opportunities. 

10 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 As previously discussed, our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements. 
 These and many other factors described in this report could adversely affect our operations, performance and financial condition. 
 Company Risks 
 Our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and stock price can be adversely affected by catastrophic events, such as natural disasters, war, acts of terrorism, pandemics, epidemics, or other public health emergencies, such as the outbreak of COVID-19. 
 Our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and stock price can be adversely affected by catastrophic events, such as natural disasters, war, acts of terrorism, pandemics, epidemics, or other public health emergencies, such as the outbreak of COVID-19. The outbreak resulted in governments around the world repeatedly implementing stringent measures to help control the spread of the virus, including quarantines, travel restrictions, business curtailments, school closures, and other measures, which has resulted in a significant number of layoffs or furloughs of employees, and/or other negative economic conditions in many of the countries in which we operate. Increasing case numbers and new variants of COVID-19, could cause governments around the world to implement or reinstitute such restrictions. The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will impact our business and operating results will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and its resulting economic and other effects could result in significant adverse effects on our customers cash flow and their ability to manufacture, distribute and sell products incorporating our touch-enabling technologies. This in turn, may cause our customers to be less able to pay invoices for our royalties or may result in a reduction in the royalties we earn which are often based on the number of units sold or distributed by our customers, which reduction could cause adverse effects on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and stock price. In addition, any depression or recession resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic may adversely change consumer behavior and demand, including with respect to products sold by our customers, which may result in a significant reduction in our revenue, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has also caused us to modify our business practices (including implementing work-from-home policies and restricting travel by our employees) in ways that may be detrimental to our business (including working remotely and its attendant cybersecurity risks). We may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or if we determine are in the best interests of our employees and customers. These practices may have an adverse effect on our employees productivity and morale and our ability to engage and support our current and prospective customers. 
 Our facilities could also be subject to a catastrophic loss such as fire, flood, earthquake, power outage, or terrorist activity. An earthquake at or near our facilities could disrupt our operations and result in large expenses to repair and replace the facility. While we believe that we maintain insurance sufficient to cover most long-term potential losses at our facilities, our existing insurance may not be adequate for all possible losses including losses due to earthquakes. 
 If we are unable to renew our existing licensing arrangements for our patents and other technologies on favorable terms that are consistent with our business objectives, our royalty and license revenue and cash flow could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our revenues and cash flows are largely dependent on our ability to renew existing licensing arrangements. If we are unable to obtain renewed licenses on terms consistent with our business objectives or effectively maintain, expand, and support our relationships with our licensees, our licensing revenue and cash flow could decline. In addition, the process of negotiating license arrangements requires significant time, effort and expense. Due to the length of time required to negotiate a license arrangement, there may be delays in the receipt of the associated revenue, which could negatively impact our revenue and cash flow. 
 Specific challenges that we face related to negotiations with existing licensees include: 
 difficulties caused by the effects of COVID-19 on our existing licensees businesses; 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 difficulties in persuading existing customers to renew a license to our patents or other technologies (including delays associated with existing customers questioning the scope, validity, or enforceability) without the expenditure of significant resources; 
 difficulties in persuading existing customers that they need a license to our patents as individual patents expire or become limited in scope, declared unenforceable or invalidated; 
 reluctance of existing customers to renew their license to our patents or other technologies because other companies are not licensed; 
 difficulties in renewing gaming licenses if video game console makers choose not to license third parties to make peripherals for their new consoles, if video game console makers no longer require peripherals to play video games, if video game console makers no longer utilize technology in the peripherals that are covered by our patents or if the overall market for video game consoles deteriorates substantially; 
 the competition we may face from third parties, including the internal design and development teams of existing licensees; 
 difficulties in persuading existing licensees who compensate us for including our software in certain of their touch-enabled products to also license and compensate us for our patents that cover other touch-enabled products of theirs that do not include our software; and 
 inability of current licensees to ship certain devices if they are involved in IP infringement claims by third parties that ultimately prevent them from shipping products or that impose substantial royalties on their products. 
 If we are unable to enter into new licensing arrangements for our patents or other technologies (including reference designs, firmware/software or other products) on favorable terms that are consistent with our business objectives, our royalty and license revenue and cash flow could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our revenue growth is largely dependent on our ability to enter into new licensing arrangements. If we are unable to obtain new licenses on terms consistent with our business objectives, our licensing revenue and cash flow could decline. In addition, the process of negotiating license arrangements requires significant time, effort and expense; due to the length of time required to negotiate a license arrangement, there may be delays in the receipt of the associated revenue, which could negatively impact our revenues and cash flows. 
 Specific challenges that we face related to negotiations with prospective licensees include: 
 difficulties caused by the effects of COVID-19 on prospective licensees businesses; 
 difficulties in brand awareness among prospective customers, especially in markets in which we have not traditionally participated; 
 difficulties in persuading prospective customers to take a license to our patents (including delays associated with prospective customers questioning the scope, validity or enforceability of our patents) without the expenditure of significant resources; 
 reluctance of prospective customers to engage in discussions with us due to our history of litigation; 
 difficulties in persuading prospective customers that they need a license to our patents as individual patents expire or become limited in scope, declared unenforceable or invalidated; 
 reluctance of prospective customers to license our patents or other technologies because other companies are not licensed; 
 the competition we may face from third parties, including the internal design teams of prospective customers; 
 difficulties in achieving and maintaining consumer and market demand or acceptance for our products; 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 difficulties in persuading third parties to work with us, to rely on us for critical technology, and to disclose to us proprietary product development and other strategies; and 
 challenges in demonstrating the compelling value of our technologies and challenges associated with prospective customers ability to easily implement our technologies. 
 A limited number of customers account for a significant portion of our revenue, and the loss of major customers could harm our operating results. 
 A significant amount of our revenue is derived from a limited number of customers, and we expect that this will continue to be the case in the future. For example, for the year ended December 31, 2022, Samsung accounted for a significant amount of our total revenues. 
 In addition, we cannot be certain that other customers that have accounted for significant revenue in past periods, individually or as a group, will continue to generate similar revenue in any future period. 
 If we fail to renew or lose a major customer or group of customers, or if a major customer decides that our patents no longer cover our products and stops paying us royalties, our revenue could decline if we are unable to replace the lost revenue with revenue from other sources. In addition, if potential customers or customers with expiring agreements view the loss of one of our major customers as an indicator of the value of our software and/or the strength of our intellectual property, they may choose not to take or renew a license which could adversely affect our operating results. 
 If our customers discontinue product lines that incorporate our technology, our operating results may be negatively impacted. 
 Our royalties from licenses and therefore the growth of our business, are dependent, in part, on the success of our customers products that incorporate our haptic innovations. Many of the industries we license into are highly competitive. Our existing customers may decide to exit these industries and focus their resources on industries we do not license into or where we have achieved less market penetration. The discontinuation of such product lines by our customers would result in lower shipments of products that incorporate our haptic innovations which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, on April 5, 2021, LGE announced that it would wind down and close its mobile business unit by July 31, 2021. 
 Our failure to continuously develop or acquire successful innovations and obtain patents on those innovations could significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flow. 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenues from licenses and royalties from our haptic patents. To remain competitive, the market must adopt our newer technology. Our initiatives to develop industry standards, foster adoption of new haptic innovations, obtain patents on such innovations, and to commercialize these haptic innovations may not be successful or timely. Any new or enhanced haptic innovations may not be favorably received by our licensees, potential licensees, or consumers and we may not be able to monetize such haptic innovations. If our development efforts are not successful or are significantly delayed, companies may not incorporate our haptic innovations into their products and our revenues may not grow and could decline. In addition, as we continue to evaluate our ongoing business, we may allocate less resources to developing new products and technologies in order to continue to focus on our operating priorities of pursuing partnerships and our enforcement strategy, while maintaining and growing our profitability. If we allocate less resources to research and development, our rate of innovation may slow, and we may not maintain our market leading position in haptics. 
 Shortages of electronic components (such as integrated circuits) that may be integral to the manufacturing of our customers products may cause a decrease in production and sales of our customers products which could result in lower royalties payable to us. 
 Many of our customers report and pay royalties to us based on the number of products in their shipments that incorporate our patented technology or other technology. Our customers products may incorporate various electronic components, such as integrated circuits. A significant disruption in the supply of these electronic components (such as integrated circuits) could decrease the number of products that our customers sell, which could reduce the amount of royalties that are payable to us. 
 For instance, the semiconductor industry has recently faced significant global supply chain issues as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related imposition of government restrictions on staffing and facility operations, supply 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 chain shortages, and other disruptions. Even though government restrictions have loosened, integrated circuit manufacturers continued to struggle to meet the new surge in demand. This is due to changing consumer habits fueled by the COVID-19 pandemic. If our customers experience significant shortages of electronic components that result in a reduction in our revenues, then our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and stock price may be adversely affected. 
 We are or may become involved in litigation, arbitration and administrative proceedings to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights and to defend our licensing practices that are expensive, disruptive and time consuming, and will continue to be, until resolved, and regardless of whether we are ultimately successful, could adversely affect our business. 
 If we believe that a third party is required, but has declined, to license our intellectual property in order to manufacture, sell, offer for sale, import or use products, we have in the past and may in the future commence legal or administrative action against such third party. In some cases, we have and may become party to legal proceedings in which we are adverse to companies that have significantly greater financial resources than us. For example, we had initiated patent infringement litigation against Meta Platforms, Inc., f/k/a Facebook, Inc. We anticipate that currently pending and any future legal proceedings will continue to be costly, especially in cases where our adverse parties have access to relatively more significant resources. Since there can be no assurance that we will be successful or be able to recover the costs we incur in connection with the legal proceedings (including outside counsel fees), as we incur additional legal costs, the cash available for other parts of our business may decrease. In addition, litigation could lead to counterclaims, adverse rulings affecting our patents, and could harm our relationship with our customers and potential customers, who may postpone licensing decisions pending the outcome of the litigation or dispute, or who may choose not to adopt our technologies. Although protecting our intellectual property is a fundamental part of our business, at times, our legal proceedings have diverted, and could continue to divert, the efforts and attention of some of our key management and personnel away from our licensing transactions and other aspects of our business. As a result, until such time as it is resolved or concluded, litigation, arbitration and administrative proceedings could cause our technology to be perceived as less valuable in the marketplace, which could reduce our sales and adversely affect our business. Further, any unfavorable outcome could adversely affect our business. For additional background on our litigation, please see Part I Item 3 Legal Proceedings. 
 The terms in our agreements may be construed by our licensees in a manner that is inconsistent with the rights that we have granted to other licensees or in a manner that may require us to incur substantial costs to resolve conflicts over license terms. 
 In order to generate revenues from our patent and other technology licensing business, we regularly enter into agreements pursuant to which our licensees are granted certain rights to our patents and other technology. These rights vary in scope and nature depending on the customer: for example, we may grant a licensee the right to use our technology in certain fields of use or with respect to limited market sectors or product categories, and we may or may not grant a licensee exclusive rights or sublicensing rights. We refer to the license terms and restrictions in our agreements, including, but not limited to, field of use definitions, market sector, and product category definitions, collectively, as License Provisions . 
 Due to the continuing evolution of market sectors, product categories, and business models and to the compromises inherent in the drafting and negotiation of License Provisions, our licensees may interpret License Provisions in their agreements in a way that is different from our interpretation of such License Provisions or in a way that is inconsistent with the rights that we have granted to other licensees. Such conflicting interpretations by our licensees may lead to claims that we have granted rights to one licensee that are inconsistent with the rights that we have granted to another licensee or that create a dispute as to which products are covered by the license and are thus subject to a royalty payment. For example, on August 3, 2021, we filed an arbitration demand with the American Arbitration Association against Marquardt GmbH ("Marquardt"), one of our licensees in the automotive market. While this matter is resolved, we may become involved in similar disputes in the future. For additional background on our litigation, please see Part I Item 3 Legal Proceedings. 
 Many of our customers report royalties to us based on (i) the number of products in their shipments that incorporate our patented technology or other technology or (ii) our customers revenues and their interpretation and allocation of contracted royalty rates. When assessing payments due by customers under these types of arrangements, we rely upon the accuracy of our customers recordkeeping and reporting, and inaccuracies or payment disputes regarding amounts our customers owe under their licensing agreements may negatively impact our results of operations. The royalties that are originally reported by a customer could differ materially from those determined by either a customer-self-reported correction or from an audit we have performed on a customer s books and records. Differing interpretations of royalty calculations may also cause disagreements during customer audits, may lead to claims or litigation, and may have an adverse effect on the results of our operations. Further, although our agreements generally give us the right to audit books and records of our licensees, audits can be expensive and time consuming and may not be cost-justified based on our understanding of our licensees businesses. Pursuant to our license compliance program, we audit certain licensees to review the accuracy of the information contained in their royalty 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 reports in an effort to decrease the risk of our not receiving royalty revenues to which we are entitled, but we cannot give assurances that such audits will be effective. 
 In addition, after we enter into an agreement, it is possible that markets and/or products that incorporate our patented technology or other technology, or legal and/or regulatory environments, will evolve in an unexpected manner that could affect the scope of our rights to royalties under such agreement or another one of our licensing agreements or our ability to enforce and defend the technology covered by such agreement or another one of our licensing agreements. As a result, in any agreement, we may have granted rights that will preclude or restrict our exploitation of new opportunities that arise after the execution of the agreement. 
 Our licenses with semiconductor and actuator manufacturers may cause confusion as to our licensing model and may prevent us from enforcing our patents based on the patent exhaustion doctrine, the implied license doctrine, or other legal doctrines. 
 We also license our software and/or patents to semiconductor and actuator manufacturers who incorporate our technologies into their integrated circuits or actuators for use in certain electronic devices. While our relationships with these manufacturers increase our distribution channels by leveraging their sales channels, this could introduce confusion into our licensing model which has traditionally been focused on licensing the OEM. In addition, licensing to semiconductor and actuator manufacturers increases the risk of patent exhaustion and implied licenses such that incorrectly structured licenses could negatively impact our business and financial results. 
 Potential patent and litigation reform legislation, potential United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO and international patent rule changes, potential legislation affecting mechanisms for patent enforcement and available remedies, and potential changes to the intellectual property rights policies of worldwide standards bodies, as well as rulings in legal proceedings may affect our investments in research and development and our strategies for patent prosecution, licensing and enforcement and could have a material adverse effect on our licensing business as well as our business as a whole. 
 Potential changes to certain U.S. and international patent laws, rules and regulations may occur in the future, some or all of which may affect our research and development investments, patent prosecution costs, the scope of future patent coverage we secure, remedies that we may be entitled to in patent litigation, and attorneys fees or other remedies that could be sought against us, and may require us to reevaluate and modify our research and development activities and patent prosecution, licensing and enforcement strategies. 
 Similarly, legislation designed to reduce the jurisdiction and remedial authority of the United States International Trade Commission (the USITC has periodically been introduced in Congress. Any potential changes in the law, the IP rights policies of standards bodies or other developments that reduce the number of forums available or the type of relief available in such forums (such as injunctive relief), restrict permissible licensing practices (such as our ability to license on a worldwide portfolio basis) or that otherwise cause us to seek alternative forums (such as arbitration or state court), could make it more difficult for us to enforce our patents, whether in adversarial proceedings or in negotiations. Because we have historically depended on the availability of certain forms of legal process to (i) enforce our patents and (ii) obtain fair and adequate compensation for our investments in research and development and for the unauthorized use of our intellectual property, developments in law and/or policy that undermine our ability to do so could have a negative impact on future licensing efforts and on revenue derived from such efforts. 
 Rulings of courts and administrative bodies may affect our strategies for patent prosecution, licensing and enforcement. For example, in recent years, the USITC and U.S. courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court and the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit have taken actions that have been viewed as unfavorable to patentees. Decisions that occur in U.S. or in international forums may change the law applicable to various patent law issues, such as with respect to, patentability, validity, patent exhaustion, patent misuse, remedies, permissible licensing practices, claim construction, and damages in ways that could be detrimental to our ability to enforce patents in our IP portfolio and to obtain damages awards. 
 We continue to monitor and evaluate our strategies for prosecution, licensing and enforcement with regard to these developments in law and policy; however, any resulting change in such strategies could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 If we are not able to attract, recruit and retain qualified personnel, we may not be able to effectively develop and deploy our technologies. 
 Our technologies are complex, and we rely upon our employees to identify new sales and business development opportunities, support and maintain positive relationships with our licensees, enhance existing technologies, and develop new technologies. Accordingly, we need to be able to attract, recruit, integrate, and retain sales, support, marketing, and research and development personnel, including individuals highly specialized in patent licensing and engineering in order to develop and deploy our technologies and to sustain revenue growth. Competition for talented candidates is intense, especially for individuals with patent licensing, engineering and haptics expertise, and we may not be successful in attracting, integrating, and continuing to motivate such qualified personnel. In this competitive recruiting environment, especially when hiring in Montreal, Canada, and other geographical regions that have higher costs of living, our compensation packages need to be attractive to the candidates we recruit. However, given the negative effects that COVID-19 may have on our business as well as potential volatility in our quarterly revenues, it could be difficult to craft compensation plans that will attract and retain salespeople with the skills to secure complex licensing arrangements. In Montreal, Canada, and other geographical regions, candidates and employees view the stock component of compensation as an important factor in deciding both whether to accept an employment opportunity as well as whether to remain in a position at a company. Even if we are able to present robust compensation packages that enable us to attract and recruit new candidates for hire, we may not be able to retain our current executive officers and key employees if the structure of their compensation packages does not provide incentives for them to remain employed by us. 
 We have experienced turnover in our senior management and our employee base, which could result in operational and administrative inefficiencies and could hinder the execution of our growth strategy. 
 We have experienced turnover in our senior management. For example, in August 2021, Jared Smith resigned as Interim Chief Executive Officer and Francis Jose, who had replaced Mike Okada as General Counsel in May 2021, was appointed the Chief Executive Officer. In addition, in December 2021, William Martin was appointed as Chief Strategy Officer, and in January 2023, Eric Singer was appointed as President and Chief Executive Officer, and Francis Jose returned to the position of General Counsel. Lack of management continuity could harm our customer relationships, adversely affect our ability to successfully execute our growth strategy, result in operational and administrative inefficiencies and added costs, and could impede our ability to recruit new talented individuals to senior management positions. All or any of these could adversely impact the results of operations and stock price. Our success largely depends on our ability to integrate any new senior management within our organization in order to achieve our operating objectives, and changes in other key positions may affect our financial performance and results of operations as new members of management become familiar with our business. General employee turnover also presents the risks discussed in this paragraph. 
 We had an accumulated deficit of 70.0 million as of December 31, 2022, and we may not maintain consistent profitability in the future. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 70.0 million. We need to generate significant ongoing revenues to maintain consistent profitability. Among other ongoing expenses, we may continue to incur expenses related to: 
 sales and marketing efforts; 
 research and development activities; 
 the protection and enforcement of our IP; and 
 litigation. 
 If our revenues grow more slowly than we anticipate or if our operating expenses exceed our expectations, we may not maintain profitability. 
 We may incur greater tax liability than we have provided for or have anticipated and may incur additional tax liability due to certain indemnification agreements with certain licensees, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 We began a reorganization of our corporate organization in 2019 in order to address changing international tax laws and to re-align our corporate structure with the evolving nature of our international business activities. As a result of this 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 reorganization, we have maintained our overall effective tax rate through changes in how we develop and use our intellectual property and changes in the structure of our international sales operations, including by entering into intercompany arrangements. There can be no assurance that the taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate or to which we are otherwise deemed to have sufficient tax nexus will not challenge the restructuring or the tax position that we take. 
 Our tax rate is dependent on our ability to operate our business in a manner consistent with the reorganization of our corporate organization and applicable tax provisions, as well as on our achieving our forecasted revenue growth rates. If the intended tax treatment is not accepted by the applicable taxing authorities, changes in tax law negatively impact the structure, or we do not operate our business consistent with the intended reorganization and applicable tax provisions, we may fail to achieve the financial efficiencies that we anticipate as a result of the reorganization and our future operating results and financial condition may be negatively impacted. In addition, future changes to U.S. or non-U.S. tax laws, including legislation to reform U.S. or other countries taxation of the organization. 
 Additionally, from time to time, we enter into license agreements with our licensees pursuant to which we may agree to indemnify a customer for certain taxes imposed on the customer by an applicable tax authority and related expense. We have received requests from certain licensees requesting that we reimburse them for certain tax liabilities. For example, on April 28, 2017, we received a letter from Samsung requesting that we reimburse Samsung with respect to withholding tax and penalties imposed on Samsung by the Korean tax authorities as a result of its determination that withholding taxes should have been withheld from certain payments made from Samsung to Immersion Software Ireland Limited, a request that was arbitrated by a panel of the International Chamber of Commerce. On March 27, 2019, the panel issued a final award. The award ordered us to pay Samsung KRW 7,841,324,165 (approximately 6.9 million as of March 31, 2019), which we paid on April 22, 2019, denied Samsung s claim for interest from and after May 2, 2017; and ordered us to pay Samsung s cost of the arbitration in the amount of approximately 871,454. In the first quarter of 2019, 6.9 million was recorded as a deposit included in Long-term deposits on our Consolidated Balance Sheets . For additional background on this matter, please see Part I, Item 3 Legal Proceedings. 
 On October 16, 2017, we received a letter from LGE requesting that we reimburse LGE with respect to withholding tax imposed on LGE by the Korean tax authorities following an investigation where the tax authority determined that LGE failed to withhold on LGE s royalty payments to Immersion Software Ireland from 2012 to 2014. Pursuant to an agreement reached with LGE, on April 8, 2020, we provided a provisional deposit to LGE in the amount of KRW 5,916,845,454 (approximately 5.0 million) representing the amount of such withholding tax that was imposed on LGE, which provisional deposit would be returned to us to the extent we ultimately prevail in the appeal in the Korea courts. In the second quarter of 2020, we recorded this deposit as Long-term deposits on our Consolidated Balance Sheets . 
 On November 3, 2017, on behalf of LGE, we filed an appeal with the Korea Tax Tribunal regarding their findings with respect to the withholding taxes. The Korea Tax Tribunal hearing took place on March 5, 2019. On March 19, 2019, the Korea Tax Tribunal issued its ruling in which it decided not to accept our arguments with respect to the Korean tax authorities assessment of withholding tax and penalties imposed on LGE. On behalf of LGE, we filed an appeal with the Korea Administrative Court on June 10, 2019. For additional background on this matter, please see Part I, Item 3 Legal Proceedings . 
 Based on the developments in these cases, we regularly reassess the likelihood that we will prevail in the claims from the Korean tax authorities with respect to the LGE case. To the extent that we determine that it is more likely than not that we will prevail against the claims from the Korean tax authorities, then no additional tax expense is provided for in our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income . If we determine that it is more likely than not that we will not prevail against the claims from the Korean tax authorities, or a portion thereof, then we would estimate the anticipated additional tax expense associated with that outcome and record it as additional income tax expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income in the period of the new determination. If the additional income tax expense was related to the periods assessed by Korean tax authorities and for which we recorded a Long-term deposit on our Consolidated Balance Sheets , then the additional income tax expense would be recorded as an impairment to the Long-term deposit . If the additional income tax expense was not related to the periods assessed by Korean tax authorities and for a which we recorded a Long-term deposit on our Consolidated Balance Sheets , then the additional income tax expense would be accrued as Other current liabilities . 
 To the extent that we do not ultimately prevail in our appeal in the Korean courts with respect to the LGE case, the applicable deposits included in Long-term deposits would be recorded as additional income tax expense on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income , in the period in which we do not ultimately prevail. 
 In the event that it is determined that we are obligated to further indemnify Samsung and/or LGE for withholding taxes imposed by the Korean tax authorities, receive further requests for reimbursement of tax liabilities from other licensees, we could incur significant expenses. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Our international operations subject us to additional risks and costs. 
 We currently have sales personnel and other personnel in Canada, the United Kingdom and Japan who may engage in various activities, including engaging our customers and prospective customers outside of the United States. International revenues accounted for approximately 72 of our total revenues in 2022. International operations are subject to a number of difficulties, risks, and special costs, including: 
 compliance with multiple, conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations; 
 laws and business practices favoring local competitors; 
 foreign exchange and currency risks; 
 changing import and export restrictions, duties, tariffs, quotas and other barriers; 
 difficulties staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 business risks, including fluctuations in demand for our technologies and products and the cost and effort to conduct international operations and travel abroad to promote international distribution and overall global economic conditions; 
 multiple conflicting and changing tax laws and regulations; 
 political and economic instability; 
 the possibility of an outbreak of hostilities or unrest in markets where major customers are located, including Korea; 
 potential economic disruption based on the United Kingdom s recent withdrawal from the European Union, commonly referred to as Brexit; and 
 the possibility of volatility in financial markets as certain market participants transition away from the London Inter-bank Offered Rate (LIBOR). 
 In addition, since we derive a significant portion of our revenues from licenses and royalties from our haptic patents in foreign countries, our ability to maintain and grow our revenue in foreign countries, such as China, will depend in part on our ability to obtain additional patent rights in these countries and our ability to effectively enforce such patents and contractual rights in these countries, which is uncertain. Our technology licenses with customers in foreign countries subject us to an increased risk of theft of our technology. It may be more difficult for us to protect our IP in foreign countries, and as a result foreign counterparties may be more likely to steal our know-how, reverse engineer our software, or infringe our patents. 
 Our failure to comply with complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA and other anticorruption, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in the jurisdictions in which we do business, both domestic and abroad. These laws generally prohibit us and our employees from improperly influencing government officials in order to obtain or retain business, direct business to any person or gain any improper advantage. The FCPA and other applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws also may hold us liable for acts of corruption and bribery committed by our third-party business partners, representatives and agents. While we have policies and procedures to address compliance with such laws, we cannot assure you that our employees and agents will not take actions in violation of our policies or applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible and our exposure for violating these laws increases as our international presence expands and as we increase sales and operations in foreign jurisdictions. Any violation of such laws could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, imposition of significant legal fees, and other consequences which may have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our international operations could also increase our exposure to foreign and international laws and regulations. If we cannot comply with foreign laws and regulations, which are often complex and subject to variation, differing or inconsistent government interpretation, and unexpected changes, we could incur unexpected costs and potential litigation. For example, the governments of foreign countries might attempt to regulate our products or levy sales or other taxes relating to our activities. In addition, foreign countries may impose tariffs, duties, price controls, or other restrictions on foreign currencies or trade barriers, 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 any of which could make it more difficult for us to conduct our business internationally. Our international operations could also increase our exposure to complex international tax rules and regulations. Changes in, or interpretations of, tax rules and regulations may adversely affect our income tax provision. In addition, our operations outside the United States may be affected by changes in trade protection laws, policies and measures, and other regulatory requirements affecting trade and investment, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments by our employees, vendors, or agents. 
 Our sales to customers or sales by our customers to their end customers in some areas outside the United States could be subject to government export regulations or restrictions that prohibit us or our licensees from selling to customers in some countries or that require us or our licensees to obtain licenses or approvals to export such products internationally. Delays or denial of the grant of any required license or approval, or changes to the regulations, could make it difficult or impossible to make sales to foreign customers in some countries and could adversely affect our revenue. In addition, we could be subject to fines and penalties for violation of these export regulations if we were found in violation. Such violation could result in penalties, including prohibiting us from exporting our products to one or more countries, and could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 We may not be able to continue to innovate in the gaming market or continue to derive significant revenues from third party gaming peripheral makers for video gaming platforms. 
 To remain competitive in the gaming market, we must continue to introduce new haptic patents in a timely manner and the market must adopt such technology. As part of our continuing efforts to bring new advanced haptic technologies to the gaming market, we seek to engage with third party gaming peripheral makers to utilize our advanced haptic technologies and expand the use of haptics across the gaming market. If our engagement efforts are not successful or are significantly delayed, we may be unsuccessful in our innovation efforts in the gaming market, which could have an adverse effect on our revenues. 
 In addition, while Microsoft, Sony, and Nintendo are among our licensees in the gaming market, a significant portion of our gaming royalty revenues comes from third-party peripheral makers who make licensed gaming products designed for use with popular video game console systems from such video game console makers. Video game console systems are closed, proprietary systems, and video game console system makers typically impose certain requirements or restrictions on third-party peripheral makers who wish to make peripherals that will be compatible with a particular video game console system. If third-party peripheral makers cannot or are not allowed to satisfy these requirements or restrictions, our gaming royalty revenues could be significantly reduced. Furthermore, should a significant video game console maker choose to omit touch-enabling capabilities from its console systems or restrict or impede the ability of third parties to make touch-enabling peripherals, it could lead our gaming licensees to stop making products with touch-enabling capabilities, thereby significantly reducing our gaming royalty revenues. Also, if the video game industry changes such that mobile or other platforms increase in popularity at the expense of traditional video game consoles, our gaming royalty revenues could be substantially reduced if we are unable to enter into replacement arrangements enabling us to license our software, patents, or other IP in connection with gaming on such mobile or other platforms. Although we have a significant software and patent position with respect to virtual reality (or VR) peripherals and systems, the market may not become large enough to generate material revenues. Finally, as some of our litigated patents related to video game peripherals have expired, our gaming royalty revenues will likely decline until we are successful in proving the relevance of our patents for this market. 
 Because we have a fixed payment license with Microsoft, our royalty revenue from licensing in the gaming market and other consumer markets has previously declined and may further do so if Microsoft increases its volume of sales of touch-enabled products at the expense of our other licensees. 
 Under the terms of our present agreement with Microsoft, Microsoft receives a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable license (including sublicense rights) to our worldwide portfolio of patents. This license permits Microsoft to make, use, and sell hardware, software, and services, excluding specified products, covered by our patents. We will not receive any further revenues or royalties from Microsoft under our current agreement with Microsoft, including with respect to Microsoft s Xbox Series X gaming product or any other haptic-related product that Microsoft produces or sells. Microsoft has a significant share of the market for touch-enabled console gaming computer peripherals and is pursuing other consumer markets such as mobile devices, tablets, personal computers, and VR and augmented reality (or AR). Microsoft has significantly greater financial, sales, and marketing resources, as well as greater name recognition and a larger customer base than some of our other licensees from whom, unlike with respect to Microsoft, we are able to collect royalty payments. In the event that Microsoft increases its share of these markets relative to companies from whom we are not precluded from collecting royalty payments, our royalty revenue from other licensees in these market segments may decline. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Automobiles incorporating our touch-enabling technologies are subject to lengthy product development periods, making it difficult to predict when and whether we will receive royalties for these product types. 
 The product development process for automobiles is very lengthy, sometimes longer than four years. We may not earn royalty revenue on our automotive device technologies unless and until products featuring our technologies are shipped to customers, which may not occur until several years after we enter into an agreement with a manufacturer or a supplier to a manufacturer. Throughout the product development process, we face the risk that a manufacturer or supplier may delay the incorporation of, or choose not to incorporate, our technologies into its products, making it difficult for us to predict the royalties we may receive, if any. After the product launches, our royalties still depend on market acceptance of the vehicle, or the option packages if our technology is an option (for example, a navigation unit), which is likely to be determined by many factors beyond our control. 
 Further, our revenues in the automotive market depend in large part on the number of haptic touch interfaces that are incorporated into vehicles. The COVID-19 pandemic, its resulting economic and other impacts, and component shortages, such as semiconductor shortages, have caused and may in the future cause significant adverse effects on our customers ability to manufacture, distribute and sell products incorporating our touch-enabling technologies. While we believe that the automotive market provides opportunities for growth for us, especially if haptic touch interfaces are adopted in more mid-tier and entry-tier vehicles, we are unable to accurately predict the full impact that COVID-19 will have on the number of vehicles sold by our customers that incorporate haptic touch interfaces. However, if such opportunities fail to materialize and/or if less haptic touch interfaces are sold in the future, it may have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Our inability to control or influence our licensees design, manufacturing, quality control, promotion, distribution, or pricing of their products incorporating our touch-enabling technologies could result in diminished royalty revenue if our licensees efforts fail to generate consumer demand. 
 A key part of our business strategy is to license our software and patents (and other IP) to companies that manufacture and sell products incorporating our touch-enabling technologies. In each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 99 of our total revenues were royalty and license revenues. We do not control or influence the design, manufacture, quality control, promotion, distribution or pricing of products that are manufactured and sold by our licensees, nor can we control consolidation within an industry which could either reduce the number of licensable products available or reduce royalty rates for the combined licensees. In addition, we generally do not have commitments from our licensees that they will continue to use our technologies in current or future products. As a result, products incorporating our technologies may not be brought to market, achieve commercial acceptance or otherwise generate meaningful royalty revenue for us. For us to generate royalty and license revenue, licensees that pay us per-unit royalties must manufacture and distribute products incorporating our touch-enabling technologies in a timely fashion and generate consumer demand through marketing and other promotional activities. If our licensees products fail to achieve commercial success, or if their products are recalled because of quality control problems or if they do not timely ship products incorporating our touch-enabling technologies or fail to achieve strong sales, our revenues could decline. 
 The rejection of our haptic technology by standards-setting organizations, or failure of the standards-setting organization to develop timely commercially viable standards may negatively impact our business. 
 As part of our growth plan, we may participate in standards-setting organizations. The rejection of our haptic technology or failure of the standards-setting organizations to develop timely commercially viable standards may negatively impact our business and financial results. 
 Our business may suffer if third parties assert that we violate their IP rights. 
 Third parties have previously claimed and may in the future claim that we or our customers are infringing upon their IP rights. Even if we believe that such claims are without merit or that we are not responsible for them under the indemnification or other terms of our customer license agreements, such claims can be time-consuming and costly to defend against and may divert management s attention and resources away from our business. Furthermore, third parties making such claims may be able to obtain injunctive or other equitable relief that could block our ability to further develop or commercialize some or all of our software technologies or services in the United States and abroad. Claims of IP infringement also might require us to enter into costly settlement or license agreements or pay costly damage awards. Even if we have an agreement that provides for a third party to indemnify us against such costs, the indemnifying party may be unable or unwilling to fulfil its contractual obligations. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 We may license some technologies from third parties and in doing so, we must rely upon the owners of these technologies for information on the origin and ownership of the technologies. As a result, our exposure to infringement claims may increase if the owners misrepresent, intentionally or unintentionally, the scope or validity of their ownership. We generally obtain representations as to the origin and ownership of acquired or licensed technologies and indemnification to cover any breach of these representations. However, representations may not be accurate, and indemnification may not provide adequate compensation for breach of the representations. If we cannot or do not license the infringed IP at all or on reasonable terms, or substitute similar technology from another source, our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows could suffer. 
 Our business and operations could suffer in the event of any actual or perceived security breaches. 
 Our business involves the storage and transmission of customers proprietary and confidential information, including information that may be personal information, and other data. In addition, we collect, use and maintain our own confidential and proprietary business information, including information that may be personal information, and maintain intellectual property internally on our systems. Computer malware, ransomware, cyberattacks and other threats and methods used to gain unauthorized access to our information technology networks and systems have become more prevalent and sophisticated. These threats and attempts, which may be related to industrial or other espionage, could include covertly introducing malware such as viruses, worms and other malicious software programs to our computers and networks, impersonating authorized users, and fraudulently inducing employees or customers into disclosing sensitive information such as user names, passwords or other information in order to gain access to our data or our customers data, among other possible methods of security breach. These threats are constantly evolving, making it increasingly difficult to successfully defend against them or implement adequate protective measures. 
 Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. There can be no assurance that any security measures that we or our third-party service providers have implemented will be effective against current or future security threats. Our security measures or those of our third-party service providers could fail, whether as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and could result in unauthorized access to or use of our systems or unauthorized, accidental, or unlawful access to, or disclosure, modification, misuse, loss or destruction of, our intellectual property and data and data of our customers. 
 In addition, our customers may authorize third party technology providers to access their customer data. Because we do not control the transmissions between our customers and third-party technology providers or the processing of such data by third-party technology providers, we cannot ensure the integrity or security of such transmissions or processing. 
 We might be unaware of any actual or potential security breach or be delayed in detecting a security breach, or, even if we are able to identify a breach, we may be unaware of its magnitude and effects. Actual or perceived security breaches could result in unauthorized use of or access to our systems, system interruptions or shutdowns, unauthorized, accidental, or unlawful access to, or disclosure, modification, misuse, loss or destruction of, our or our customers data or intellectual property, may lead to litigation, indemnity obligations, regulatory investigations and other proceedings, severe reputational damage adversely affecting customer or investor confidence and causing damage to our brand, indemnity obligations, disruption to our operations, damages for contract breach, and other liability, reduction in the value of our investment in research and development and other strategic initiatives, and adverse effects upon our revenues and operating results. Additionally, our service providers may suffer, or be perceived to suffer, data security breaches or other incidents that may compromise data stored or processed for us that may give rise to any of the foregoing. 
 More generally, any of the foregoing types of security breaches, or the perception that any of them have occurred, may lead to the expenditure of significant financial and other resources in efforts to investigate or correct a breach or incident and to address and eliminate vulnerabilities and to prevent future security breaches, as well as significant costs for remediation that may include liability for stolen intellectual property or other assets or information and repair of system damage that may have been caused, incentives offered to customers in an effort to maintain business relationships, and other liabilities. We have incurred and expect to incur significant expenses in an effort to prevent security breaches and other security incidents. 
 We cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for data security liabilities actually incurred, will cover any indemnification claims against us relating to any incident, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, operating results, and reputation. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 If we are unable to develop open source compliant products, our ability to license our technologies and generate revenues may be impaired. 
 We have seen, and believe that we will continue to see, an increase in customers requesting that we develop products that will operate in an open source environment. Developing open source compliant products without imperiling the IP rights upon which our licensing business depends may prove difficult under certain circumstances, thereby placing us at a competitive disadvantage for new product designs. 
 Already, some of our proprietary technologies incorporate open source software that may be subject to open source licenses, which licenses may require that source code subject to the license be released or made available to the public. Such open source licenses may mandate that software developed based on source code that is subject to the open source license, or combined in specific ways with such open source software, becomes subject to the open source license. We take steps to ensure that proprietary software we do not wish to disclose is not combined with, or does not incorporate, open source software in ways that would require such proprietary software to be subject to an open source license. However, there is currently uncertainty in the legal landscape around open source software, as few courts have interpreted open source licenses, and the manner in which these licenses may be legally interpreted and enforced is therefore not yet clear. We often take steps to disclose source code for which disclosure is required under an open source license, but it is possible that we have made or will make mistakes in doing so, which could negatively impact our brand or the adoption of our products by our customers or prospective customers or could expose us to additional liability. 
 In addition, we rely on multiple software programmers to design our proprietary products and technologies and we cannot be certain that open source software is not inadvertently incorporated into products and technologies we intend to keep proprietary. In the event that portions of our proprietary technology are determined to be subject to an open source license, or are intentionally released under an open source license, we could be required to publicly release the relevant portions of our source code, which could reduce or eliminate our ability to commercialize our products and technologies. As a result, our revenues may not grow and could decline. 
 Our business depends in part on access to third-party platforms and technologies. If such access is withdrawn, denied, or is not available on terms acceptable to us, or if the platforms or technologies change, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Many of our current and future technologies are designed for use with third-party platforms and technologies. Our business relies on our access to these platforms and technologies of third parties, which can be withdrawn, denied or not be available on terms acceptable to us. 
 Our access to third-party platforms and technologies may require paying royalties or other amounts, which lowers our margins, or may otherwise be on terms that are not acceptable to us. In addition, the third-party platforms or technologies used to interact with our software technologies can be delayed in production or can change in ways that negatively impact the operation of our software. 
 If we are unable to access third-party platforms or technologies, or if our access is withdrawn, denied, or is not available on terms acceptable to us, or if the platforms or technologies are delayed or change, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 The uncertain economic and political environment could reduce our revenues and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The current global economic conditions and political climate could materially hurt our business in a number of ways, including longer sales and renewal cycles, exchange rate volatility, delays in adoption of our products or technologies or those of our customers, increased risk of competition, higher taxes and tariffs on goods incorporating out technologies, higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenue, delays in signing or failing to sign customer agreements or signing customer agreements with reduced royalty rates. In addition, our customers, potential customers, and business partners would likely face similar challenges, which could materially and adversely affect the level of business they conduct with us or the sales volume of products that include our technology. 
 Our technologies are complex and may contain undetected errors, which could harm our reputation and future sales. 
 Any failure to provide high quality and reliable technologies, whether caused by our own failure or failures of our suppliers or customers, could damage our reputation and reduce demand for our technologies. Our technologies have in the past 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 contained, and may in the future contain, undetected errors or defects. These errors or defects may increase as our technologies are introduced into new devices, markets and applications, including the automotive market and the sexual wellness market, or as new versions are released. Some errors in our technologies may only be discovered after a customer s product incorporating our technologies has been shipped to customers. Undiscovered vulnerabilities in our technologies or products could expose our customers to hackers or other unscrupulous third parties who develop and deploy viruses, worms and other malicious software programs that could attach to our products or technologies. Any errors or defects discovered in our technologies after commercial release could result in product recalls, loss of revenue, loss of customers, and increased service and warranty costs, any of which could adversely affect our business. 
 If we fail to adequately protect personal information or other information we process or maintain, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 A wide variety of state, national, and international laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal data and other information. Evolving and changing definitions of personal data and personal information within the European Union EU ), the U.S., and elsewhere, especially relating to classification of IP addresses, machine identification, location data and other information, may limit or inhibit our ability to operate or expand our business. For example, it may be more difficult for us to share data with commercial partners, conduct research, or market to customers. Heightened compliance requirements may lead to increased administrative expenses. Data protection and privacy-related laws and regulations are evolving and may result in ever-increasing regulatory and public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. 
 For example, the EU General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which became fully effective on May 25, 2018, imposes more stringent data protection requirements than previously effective EU data protection law and provides for penalties for noncompliance of up to the greater of 20 million or four percent of worldwide annual revenues. The GDPR requires, among other things, that personal data only be transferred outside of the European Economic Area EEA to certain jurisdictions, including the United States, if steps are taken to legitimize those data transfers. We rely on the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield programs, and the use of Standard Contractual Clauses SCCs approved by the EU Commission, to legitimize these transfers. Previously, we relied on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework to legitimize transfers of personal data from the EEA to the United States. However, on July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union CJEU invalidated Decision 2016/1250 on the adequacy of the protection provided by the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. This decision may increase our costs and limit our ability to process personal data from the European Union. The same decision also cast doubt on the ability to use one of the primary alternatives to the Privacy Shield, namely, SCCs, to lawfully transfer personal data from Europe to the United States and most other countries. At present, there are few if any viable alternatives to the Privacy Shield and the SCCs. This CJEU decision or other legal challenges relating to cross-border data transfer may serve as a basis for our personal data handling practices to be challenged and may otherwise adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Further, in June 2016, the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union, commonly referred to as Brexit, and on January 31, 2020, the United Kingdom ceased to be an EU Member State. The UK Data Protection Act that substantially implements the GDPR became law in May 2018 and was further amended to more closely align to GDPR post-Brexit. It remains unclear, however, how United Kingdom data protection laws or regulations will develop in the medium to longer term and how data transfers to and from the United Kingdom will be regulated. In addition, some countries are considering or have enacted legislation requiring local storage and processing of data that could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services or performing research related to our technology. 
 In 2018, California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), legislation that, among other things, requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers and affords such consumers new abilities to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. The CCPA has been amended on multiple occasions and is the subject of proposed regulations of the California Attorney General that were released on October 10, 2019. While the CCPA went into effect on January 1, 2020, aspects of the legislation and its interpretation remain unclear at this time. We therefore cannot fully predict the impact of the CCPA on our business or operations, but it may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply. Other privacy bills have been introduced at both the state and federal levels, and certain international territories are also imposing new or expanded privacy obligations. 
 In addition, ballot initiatives may also impose new or expanded privacy obligations. For example, on November 3, 2020, California voters passed Proposition 24, also known as the California Privacy Rights and Enforcement Act of 2020, a November 2020 ballot measure that, among other effects, expanded or amended the provisions of the CCPA, allowed consumers to direct businesses to not share their personal information, removed the time period in which businesses can fix 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 violations before being penalized, and created the California Privacy Protection Agency to enforce the state s consumer data privacy laws. 
 Even the perception of privacy, data protection or information security concerns, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation, inhibit adoption of our products by current and future customers, or adversely impact our ability to hire and retain workforce talent. Our actual or perceived failure to adequately comply with applicable laws and regulations, or to protect personal data and other data we process or maintain, could result in regulatory investigations and enforcement actions against us, fines, penalties and other liabilities, imprisonment of company officials and public censure, claims for damages by customers and other affected individuals, required efforts to mitigate or otherwise respond to incidents, litigation, damage to our reputation and loss of goodwill (both in relation to existing customers and prospective customers), any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial performance and business. 
 If we fail to establish and maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis could be impaired, which would adversely affect our consolidated operating results, our ability to operate our business and our stock price. 
 Pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to assess and report on the effectiveness of our internal controls, including the disclosure of any material weaknesses that our management identifies in our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. However, we have in the past had material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and there are inherent limitations on the effectiveness of internal controls. We do not expect that our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met; no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company will have been detected. 
 Ensuring that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that needs to be re-evaluated frequently. Any delay or failure on our part to remedy identified material weaknesses or any additional delays or errors in our financial reporting controls or procedures could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition, and could have a substantial adverse impact on the trading price of our common stock. 
 Increasing attention on environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters may have a negative impact on our business, impose additional costs on us, and expose us to additional risks. 
 Companies are facing increasing attention from investors, customers, partners, consumers and other stakeholders relating to ESG matters, including environmental stewardship, social responsibility, diversity and inclusion, racial justice and workplace conduct. In addition, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters. Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Unfavorable ESG ratings may lead to negative investor sentiment toward the Company, which could have a negative impact on our stock price and our access to and costs of capital. 
 We have established corporate social responsibility programs aligned with sound environmental, social and governance principles. These programs reflect our current initiatives, and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Our ability to successfully execute these initiatives and accurately report our progress presents numerous operational, financial, legal, reputational and other risks, many of which are outside our control, and all of which could have a material negative impact on our business. Additionally, the implementation of these initiatives impose additional costs on us. If our ESG initiatives fail to satisfy investors, customers, partners and our other stakeholders, our reputation, our ability to license technology and sell services to customers, our ability to attract or retain employees, and our attractiveness as an investment, business partner or acquiror could be negatively impacted. Similarly, our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our goals, targets and objectives or to satisfy various reporting standards within the timelines we announce, or at all, could also have similar negative impacts and expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 General Risk Factors: Investment Risks 
 Our quarterly revenues and operating results are volatile, and if our future results are below the expectations of public market analysts or investors, the price of our common stock is likely to decline. 
 Our revenues and operating results are likely to vary significantly from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control and any of which could cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 These factors include: 
 the impact of COVID-19; 
 the impact of disruptions in the supply of electronic components (such as integrated circuits) that our customers incorporate into their products could reduce the amount of royalties that are payable to us; 
 the establishment or loss of licensing relationships; 
 the timing and recognition of payments under fixed and/or up-front fee license agreements, as well as other multi-element arrangements; 
 seasonality in the demand for our technologies or products or our licensees products; 
 the timing of our expenses, including costs related to litigation, stock-based awards, acquisitions of technologies, or businesses; 
 developments in and costs of pursuing or settling any pending litigation; 
 the timing of introductions and market acceptance of new technologies and products and product enhancements by us, our licensees, our competitors, or their competitors; 
 errors in our licensees royalty reports, and corrections and true-ups to royalty payments and royalty rates from prior periods. 
 Our stock price may fluctuate regardless of our performance. 
 Our stock price has experienced substantial price volatility in the past and may continue to do so in the future. Further, our business, the technology industry and the stock market as a whole have experienced extreme stock price and volume fluctuations that have affected stock prices in ways that may have been unrelated to corporate operating performance. For example, in 2020 as a result of macroeconomic conditions and the related impact of COVID-19, the stock market experienced wide fluctuations. In the past thirty-six months, our stock price has fluctuated from as low as 4.23 per share in March 2020 to a high of 16.64 in February 2021. This significant volatility may continue to occur in the future for reasons that are unrelated to our business or if our business experiences unexpected results. The market price of our common stock has been, and in the future could be, significantly affected by our operations as well such as: actual or anticipated fluctuations in operating results; announcements of technical innovations; announcements regarding litigation in which we are involved; the acquisition or loss of customers; changes by game console manufacturers to not include touch-enabling capabilities in their products; new products or new contracts; sales or the perception in the market of possible sales of large number of shares of our common stock by insiders or others; stock repurchase activity; sale of stock by the company, changes in securities analysts recommendations; personnel changes; changing circumstances regarding competitors or their customers; governmental regulatory action or inaction; developments with respect to patents or proprietary rights; inclusion in or exclusion from various stock indices; increased tariffs and international trade disputes; and general market conditions. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has been initiated against that company, which could lead to increased litigation costs and could adversely affect our operating results and our stock price. 
 Future sales of our equity could result in significant dilution to our existing stockholders and depress the market price of our common stock. 
 It is likely that we will need to seek additional capital in the future and from time to time. If this financing is obtained through the issuance of equity securities, debt convertible into equity securities, options or warrants to acquire equity securities 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 or similar instruments or securities, our existing stockholders will experience dilution in their ownership percentage upon the issuance, conversion or exercise of such securities and such dilution could be significant. Additionally, any new equity securities issued by us could have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our common stock. 
 For example, on February 11, 2021, we entered into an equity distribution agreement with Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Craig-Hallum ), pursuant to which we were able to issue and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 50 million, from time to time, through an at the market equity offering program under which Craig-Hallum acted as sales agent. While we terminated the Equity Distribution Agreement on March 5, 2021, the issuance and sale of shares of our common stock pursuant to that at the market equity offering program has had a dilutive impact on our existing stockholders. 
 On July 6, 2021, we entered into an equity distribution agreement with Craig-Hallum, pursuant to which we can to issue and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 60 million, from time to time, through an at the market equity offering program under which Craig-Hallum is acting as sales agent. T he issuance and sale of shares of our common stock pursuant to this at the market equity offering program has and will continue to have a dilutive impact on our existing stockholders. 
 Further, the issuance and sale of, or the perception that we may issue and sell, additional shares of common stock pursuant to future at the market equity offering programs or an additional private placement could have the effect of depressing the market price of our common stock or increasing the volatility thereof. Any issuance by us or sales of our securities by our security holders, including by any of our affiliates, or the perception that such issuances or sales could occur, could negatively impact the market price of our securities. 
 We will have broad discretion as to the use of proceeds from the at the market offering that we announced in July 2021, and we may not use the proceeds effectively. 
 We currently intend to use the net proceeds from our at the market offering announced in July 2021 for working capital and other general corporate purposes. We may also use a portion of the net proceeds from the offering to acquire or invest in businesses, assets or technologies. Accordingly, we will retain broad discretion over the use of proceeds. Pending application of the net proceeds as described above, we may, from time to time, invest in digital or alternative currencies such as bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies. We may also invest net proceeds in short- and intermediate-term, interest-bearing obligations, investment-grade instruments, certificates of deposit or direct or guaranteed obligations of the U.S. government. 
 We could recognize losses with respect to the marketable securities in which we invest. 
 Factors beyond our control can significantly influence the value of the marketable securities in which we invest, and can cause potential adverse changes to the value of these marketable securities. Relevant factors include, but are not limited to, fluctuations in market price, changes in our own analysis of the value of the security or instability in the financial markets. Any of the foregoing factors could cause other-than-temporary impairment in future periods and result in realized losses. The process for determining whether impairment is other-than-temporary usually requires difficult, subjective judgments about the future financial performance of the issuer. Because of changing economic and market conditions and the financial condition of issuers of the marketable securities, we may recognize realized and/or unrealized losses in future periods, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our investments are subject to risks relating to investments in commodities, futures, options and other derivatives, the prices of which are highly volatile and may be subject to substantial risk of loss (or cause us to be obligated to expend substantial amounts of cash to cover a position), including if we write options. Price movements of commodities, futures and options contracts are influenced by, among other things, interest rates, changing supply and demand relationships, trade, fiscal, monetary and exchange control programs and policies of governments and national and international political and economic events and policies. The value of futures and options also depends upon the price of the securities underlying them. 
 If we determine to purchase digital or alternative currencies as part of our capital allocation and investment strategy, these investments would be less liquid than our existing cash and cash equivalents and may not be able to serve as a source of liquidity for us to the same extent as cash and cash equivalents, and our financial results and the market price of our common stock may be affected by the price of these digital or alternative currencies. 
 In the future, as part of our capital allocation and investment strategy, we may elect to purchase digital or alternative currencies such as bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies. The price of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies has historically been subject to dramatic price fluctuations and is highly volatile. For example, the price of these digital or alternative currencies may 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 be influenced by regulatory, commercial and technical factors that are highly uncertain and unrelated to our business. Any decrease in the fair value of bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies we may purchase below our carrying value for such assets at any time would require us to incur an impairment charge, and such charge could be material to our financial results for the applicable reporting period, which may create significant volatility in our reported earnings and decrease the carrying value of our assets. Any decrease in reported earnings or increased volatility of such earnings due to impairment charges related to bitcoin or other cryptocurrency holdings could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. Any future changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP") that require us to change the manner in which we account for any bitcoins or other cryptocurrencies that we may purchase could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and the market price of our common stock. 
 Historically, the digital or alternative currency markets has been characterized by more price volatility, less liquidity, and lower trading volumes compared to sovereign currencies markets, as well as relative anonymity, a developing regulatory landscape, susceptibility to market abuse and manipulation, and various other risks inherent in its entirely electronic, virtual form and decentralized network. During times of market instability, we may not be able to sell any of these currencies that we hold at reasonable prices or at all. As a result, any digital or alternative currencies that we may purchase may not be able to serve as a source of liquidity for us to the same extent as cash and cash equivalents. If we are unable to sell any digital or alternative currencies that we hold, or if we are forced to sell any of these currencies that we may hold at a significant loss, in order to meet our working capital requirements, our business and financial condition could be negatively impacted. 
 We may engage in the acquisition of other companies, investments, joint ventures and strategic alliances outside of our current line of business, which may have an adverse material effect on our existing business. 
 We may engage in the acquisition of other companies, investments, joint ventures and strategic alliances outside of our current line of business to design and develop new technologies and products, to strengthen competitiveness by scaling up expanding our operations. Such transactions, especially in new lines of business, inherently involve risk due to the difficulties in integrating operations, technologies, products and personnel. Integration issues are complex, time-consuming and expensive and, without proper planning and implementation, may adversely affect our existing business. Furthermore, we may incur significant acquisition, administrative and other costs in connection with these transactions, including costs related to integration or restructuring of acquired businesses. In addition, we may make investments in companies outside our current line of business in an attempt to broaden our business opportunities. If we decide to make these investments, they may not provide a return or lead to an increase in our operating results, and we may not obtain the benefits of these investments that we intend to recognize when making them. There can be no assurance that these transactions, if pursued or made, will be beneficial to our business or financial condition. 
 Any stock repurchase program could affect our stock price and add volatility. 
 We have established stock repurchase programs in the past, and on December 29, 2022, our Board approved a stock repurchase program of up to 50 million of our common stock for a period of up to twelve months. Any stock repurchases may be made through open market and privately negotiated transactions, at such times and in such amounts as our management deems appropriate, including pursuant to one or more Rule 10b5-1 trading plans adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any repurchases by us pursuant to our stock repurchase program could affect our stock price and add volatility. There can be no assurance that any repurchases will be made under any program, nor is there any assurance that a sufficient number of shares of our common stock will be repurchased to satisfy the market s expectations. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any repurchases conducted under any plan will be made at the best possible price. The existence of our stock repurchase program could also cause our stock price to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our stock. Additionally, we are permitted to and could discontinue any stock repurchase program at any time and any such discontinuation could cause the market price of our stock to decline. 
 Changes in financial accounting standards or policies may affect our reported financial condition or results of operations and, in certain cases, could cause a decline and/or fluctuation in the price of our common stock. 
 From time to time, financial and accounting standard setters such as the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB and the SEC change their guidance governing the form and content of registrants external financial statements or update their previous interpretations with regard to the application of certain GAAP. Such changes in GAAP or their interpretation have historically and could in the future have a significant effect on our reported financial condition and/or results of operations. If a change is applicable to us, we would be required to apply the new or revised guidance, which may result in retrospective adjustments to our financial statements and/or could change the way we account for certain transaction compared to under the existing guidance. Changes in GAAP and reporting standards could substantially change our reporting practices in a number of 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 areas, including revenue recognition and recording of assets and liabilities, and could consequently affect our reported financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our business is subject to changing regulations regarding corporate governance and other compliance areas that will increase both our costs and the risk of noncompliance. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the laws, regulations and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market, and other regulations that may be enacted from time-to-time. The requirements of these and other rules and regulations have increased, and we expect will continue to increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs, will make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly, and may also place undue strain on our personnel, systems and resources. In addition, as laws, regulations and standards continue to change, often with varying degrees of specificity and clarity, we could face uncertainty regarding best practices and compliance with such evolving regimes, which could result in higher costs from increased attention paid to disclosure and governance practices and controls. 
 Provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law could prevent or delay a change in control, which could reduce the market price of our common stock. 
 Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our board of directors or management, including the following: 
 only a majority of our board of directors or stockholders of not less than 10 of all of the shares entitled to cast votes at such meeting are authorized to call a special meeting of stockholders; 
 our stockholders can only take action at a meeting of stockholders and not by written consent; 
 subject to the rights of a holder of any series of preferred stock, vacancies on our board of directors can be filled only by our board of directors and not by our stockholders; 
 our restated certificate of incorporation authorizes undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and shares of which may be issued without stockholder approval; and 
 advance notice procedures apply for stockholders to nominate candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before an annual meeting of stockholders. 
 In addition, certain provisions of Delaware law may discourage, delay, or prevent someone from acquiring or merging with us. These provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares. 
 Our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes may be limited. 
 We have federal net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards that are available to offset future taxable income. We may recognize additional NOLs in the future. Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) imposes an annual limitation on the amount of taxable income that may be offset by a corporation's NOLs if the corporation experiences an ownership change as defined in Section 382 of the Code. An ownership change occurs when our five-percent shareholders (as defined in Section 382 of the Code) collectively increase their ownership in the Company by more than 50 percentage points (by value) over a rolling three-year period. Additionally, various states have similar limitations on the use of state NOLs following an ownership change. 
 If an ownership change occurs, the amount of the taxable income for any post-change year that may be offset by a pre-change loss is subject to an annual limitation that is cumulative to the extent it is not all utilized in a year. This limitation is derived by multiplying the fair market value of our stock as of the ownership change by the applicable federal long-term tax-exempt rate. To the extent that a company has a net unrealized built-in gain at the time of an ownership change, which is realized or deemed recognized during the five-year period following the ownership change, there is an increase in the annual limitation for each of the first five-years that is cumulative to the extent it is not all utilized in a year. If an ownership change should occur in the future, our ability to use the NOL to offset future taxable income will be subject to an annual limitation and will depend on the amount of taxable income generated by us in future periods. There is no assurance that we will be able to fully utilize the NOL and we may be required to record an additional valuation allowance related to the amount of the NOL that may not be realized, which could impact the results of operations. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 As noted, we believe that these NOL carryforwards are a valuable asset for us. Consequently, we have a Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan in place, to protect our NOLs during the effective period of the rights plan. Although the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan is intended to reduce the likelihood of an ownership change that could adversely affect us, there is no assurance that the restrictions on transferability in the rights plan will prevent all transfers that could result in such an ownership change . The Tax Benefits Preservation Plan could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or could discourage a third party from acquiring, our Company or a large block of our common stock. A third party that acquires 4.9 or more of our common stock could suffer substantial dilution of its ownership interest under the terms of the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan through the issuance of common stock or common stock equivalents to all stockholders other than the acquiring person. The foregoing provisions may adversely affect the marketability of our common stock by discouraging potential investors from acquiring our stock. In addition, these provisions could delay or frustrate the removal of incumbent directors and could make more difficult a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving us, or impede an attempt to acquire a significant or controlling interest in us, even if such events might be beneficial to us and our stockholders. 
 We Could be Subject to Additional Income Tax Liabilities 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision and accruals for these taxes. During the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our effective tax rates could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory rates, by losses incurred in jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize the related tax benefit, by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, by investments, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in the relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, and interpretations, with a number of countries actively considering changes in this regard. In addition, we are subject to audit in various jurisdictions, and such jurisdictions may assess additional income tax liabilities against us. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final outcome of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. Developments in an audit or litigation could have a material effect on our operating results or cash flows in the period or periods for which that development occurs, as well as for prior and subsequent periods. 
 Any decision to reduce or discontinue the payment of cash dividends to our stockholders could cause the market price of our common stock to decline significantly . 
 On November 14, 2022, we announced that our Board declared a quarterly dividend. The first quarterly dividend, in the amount of 0.03 per share, was paid on January 30, 2023 to stockholders of record on January 15, 2023. In addition, on December 29, 2022, our Board declared a special dividend in the amount of 0.10 per share, which was paid on January 30, 2023 to stockholders of record on January 15, 2023. On February 21, 2023, our Board declared a second quarterly dividend, in the amount of 0.03 per share, which will be paid on April 28, 2023 to stockholders of record on April 13, 2023. 
 Although we have announced regular cash dividend payments and a special dividend, we are under no obligation to pay cash dividends to our stockholders in the future at historical levels or at all. The declaration and payment of any future dividends is at the discretion of our Board. Any reduction or discontinuance by us of the payment of cash dividends could cause the market price of our common stock to decline significantly. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We lease a facility in Montreal, Canada (the "Montreal Lease") of approximately 10,000 square feet, for our subsidiary, Immersion Canada Corporation. On June 6, 2022, we entered into a sublease agreement with Innovobot Fund LLP for the Montreal Facility. This sublease commenced on June 8, 2022 and ends on February 27, 2024 which approximates the lease termination date of the original Montreal Facility lease. 
 We also lease a facility in San Jose, California (the San Jose Facility of approximately 42,000 square feet, which we vacated in the first quarter of 2020. On March 12, 2020, we entered into a sublease agreement with Neato Robotics, Inc. Neato for the San Jose facility. This sublease commenced in June 2020 and ends on April 30, 2023 which is the lease termination date of the San Jose Facility. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 On January 26, 2022, we entered into a lease agreement with COFE CIX Aventura, LLC, (the "Aventura Lease") pursuant to which we lease approximately 1,390 square feet located at Aventura View Office Building, Suite 610, 2999 N.E. 191 st Street, Aventura, Florida. The term of the Aventura Lease commences upon the on the earlier of the following dates: (i) March 1, 2022; and (ii) the date on which we occupy the premises and begin conducting business from the premises, and ends on the last day of the 25 th full calendar month from the commencement date. The monthly base rent is 3,359.17 for the first 12 months, 3,459.94 for the following 12 months, and 3,564.19 for the 25 th month. On February 22, 2022, our Board approved this office as our corporate headquarters. 
 See Note 10. Leases of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this annual report on Form 10-K for more information on our lease obligations. 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 Immersion Corporation vs. Meta Platforms, Inc., f/k/a Facebook, Inc. 
 On May 26, 2022, we filed a complaint against Meta in the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas. The complaint alleges that Meta s AR/VR systems, including the Meta Quest 2, infringe six of our patents that cover various uses of haptic effects in connection with such AR/VR systems. We are seeking to protect Meta from further infringement and to recover a reasonable royalty for such infringement. 
 The complaint against Meta asserts infringement of the following patents: 
 U.S. Patent No. 8,469,806: System and method for providing complex haptic stimulation during input of control gestures, and relating to control of virtual equipment 
 U.S. Patent No. 8,896,524: Context-dependent haptic confirmation system 
 U.S. Patent No. 9,727,217: Haptically enhanced interactivity with interactive content 
 U.S. Patent No. 10,248,298: Haptically enhanced interactivity with interactive content 
 U.S. Patent No. 10,269,222: System with wearable device and haptic output device 
 U.S. Patent No. 10,664,143: Haptically enhanced interactivity with interactive content 
 Meta responded to our complaint on August 1, 2022. On September 12, 2022, Meta filed a motion to transfer the lawsuit to the Northern District of California or, in the alternative, to the Austin Division of the Western District of Texas. Meta s motion remains pending, and a hearing on the transfer motion occurred on January 23, 2023. In the meantime, claim construction briefing is closed, and fact discovery opened on February 7, 2023. The claim construction hearing is scheduled for March 6, 2023. 
 Samsung Electronics Co. v. Immersion Corporation and Immersion Software Ireland Limited 
 On April 28, 2017, we received a letter from Samsung requesting that we reimburse Samsung with respect to withholding tax and penalties imposed on Samsung by the Korean tax authorities following an investigation where the tax authority determined that Samsung failed to withhold taxes on Samsung s royalty payments to Immersion Software Ireland from 2012 to 2016. On July 12, 2017, on behalf of Samsung, we filed an appeal with the Korea Tax Tribunal regarding their findings with respect to the withholding taxes and penalties. On October 18, 2018, the Korea Tax Tribunal held a hearing and on November 19, 2018, the Korea Tax Tribunal issued its ruling in which it decided not to accept Immersion s arguments with respect to the Korean tax authorities assessment of withholding tax and penalties imposed on Samsung. On behalf of Samsung, we filed an appeal with the Korea Administrative Court on February 15, 2019. On July 16, 2020, the Korea Administrative Court issued its ruling in which it ruled that the withholding taxes and penalties which were imposed by the Korean tax authorities on Samsung should be cancelled with some litigation costs to be borne by the Korean tax authorities. 
 On March 27, 2019, we received the final award relating to the arbitration demand that Samsung had filed on September 29, 2017. The award ordered Immersion to pay Samsung KRW 7,841,324,165 (approximately 6.9 million as of March 31, 2019), which we paid on April 22, 2019, denied Samsung s claim for interest from and after May 2, 2017; and ordered Immersion to pay Samsung s cost of the arbitration in the amount of approximately 871,454, which was paid in 2019. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 On July 16, 2020, the Korea Administrative Court issued its ruling in which it ruled that the withholding taxes and penalties which were imposed by the Korean tax authorities on Samsung should be cancelled with some litigation costs to be borne by the Korean tax authorities. 
 On September 29, 2017, Samsung filed an arbitration demand with the International Chamber of Commerce against us demanding that we reimburse Samsung for the imposed tax and penalties that Samsung paid to the Korean tax authorities. Samsung requested that we pay Samsung the amount of KRW 7,841,324,165 (approximately 6.9 million) plus interest from and after May 2, 2017, plus the cost of the arbitration including legal fees. 
 On August 1, 2020, the Korean tax authorities filed an appeal with the Korea High Court. The first hearing in the Korea High Court occurred on November 11, 2020. A second hearing occurred on January 13, 2021. A third hearing occurred on March 21, 2021. The Korea High Court had indicated that a final decision was originally expected on May 28, 2021, but instead, decided to hold a fourth hearing on July 9, 2021. On October 1, 2021, the Korea High Court issued its ruling in which it ruled that withholding taxes and penalties totaling approximately KRW 6,186,218,586 (approximately 5.2 million) in national-level withholding tax and local withholding taxes imposed by the Korean tax authorities on Samsung for royalties paid to Immersion during the period of 2012 2014 be cancelled on the basis that the Korea tax authorities wrongfully engaged in a duplicative audit with respect to such time period. The Korea High Court also ruled that approximately KRW 1,655,105,584 (approximately 1.4 million) of Korean National level withholding tax and local withholding tax imposed by the Korean tax authorities on Samsung for royalties paid to Immersion during 2015 and 2016 be upheld in part on the basis that Immersion Software Ireland Limited did not have sufficient economic substance to be considered the beneficial owner of the royalties paid by Samsung to Immersion Software Ireland Limited. On or about October 22, 2021, the Korean tax authorities filed an appeal with the Korea Supreme Court with respect to certain portions of the Korea High Court decision and we filed an appeal with the Korea Supreme Court with respect to certain portions of the Korea High Court decision. 
 On December 1, 2021, the Korean tax authorities submitted its brief to the Korea Supreme Court challenging the cancellation by the Korea High Court of a portion of the withholding tax imposed by the Korean tax authorities. On December 3, 2021, we submitted our own brief to the Korea Supreme Court providing arguments in support of our position that Immersion Software Ireland Limited has sufficient economic substance to be considered the beneficial owner of the royalties paid by Samsung to Immersion Software Ireland Limited. Such brief also provided arguments challenging the calculation of the imposed withholding tax upheld by the Korea High Court. On December 20, the Korean tax authorities filed a rebuttal brief relating to our brief filed on December 3, 2021. On December 29, 2021, we filed our rebuttal brief relating to the Korean tax authorities brief filed on December 1, 2021. On February 24, 2022, the Korea Supreme Court issued a decision affirming the rulings of the Korea High Court. 
 As a result of the Korea Supreme Court decision described above, we were reimbursed by Samsung in an amount equal to KRW 6,088,855,388 (approximately 5.0 million) representing Korea national-level taxes, penalties and interest that was canceled by the Korea Supreme Court. We were also reimbursed an additional KRW 608,885,000 (approximately 0.5 million) representing local-level taxes, penalties and interest that was canceled by the Korea Supreme Court. 
 LGE Korean Withholding Tax Matter 
 On October 16, 2017, we received a letter from LG Electronics Inc. LGE requesting that we reimburse LGE with respect to withholding tax imposed on LGE by the Korean tax authorities following an investigation where the tax authority determined that LGE failed to withhold on LGE s royalty payments to Immersion Software Ireland from 2012 to 2014. Pursuant to an agreement reached with LGE, on April 8, 2020, we provided a provisional deposit to LGE in the amount of KRW 5,916,845,454 (approximately 5.0 million) representing the amount of such withholding tax that was imposed on LGE, which provisional deposit would be returned to us to the extent we ultimately prevail in the appeal in the Korea courts. In the second quarter of 2020, we recorded this deposit as Long-term deposits on our Consolidated Balance Sheets . 
 On November 3, 2017, on behalf of LGE, we filed an appeal with the Korea Tax Tribunal regarding their findings with respect to the withholding taxes. The Korea Tax Tribunal hearing took place on March 5, 2019. On March 19, 2019, the Korea Tax Tribunal issued its ruling in which it decided not to accept our arguments with respect to the Korean tax authorities assessment of withholding tax and penalties imposed on LGE. On behalf of LGE, we filed an appeal with the Korea Administrative Court on June 10, 2019. The first hearing occurred on October 15, 2019. A second hearing occurred on December 19, 2019. A third hearing occurred on February 13, 2020. A fourth hearing occurred on June 9, 2020. A fifth hearing occurred on July 16, 2020. We anticipated a decision to be rendered on or about October 8, 2020, but the Korea Administrative Court scheduled and held a sixth hearing for November 12, 2020. A seventh hearing occurred on January 14, 2021. An eighth hearing occurred on April 8, 2021. A ninth hearing occurred on June 24, 2021. A tenth hearing occurred on 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 September 13, 2021. An eleventh hearing occurred on November 15, 2021 . A twelfth hearing occurred on December 23, 2021. The Court had indicated that it expected to render a decision on this matter by the end of February 2022. However, due to a reshuffling of judges, another hearing, which was originally scheduled for April 14, 2022, occurred on July 7, 2022. A thirteenth hearing occurred on October 27, 2022. A fourteenth hearing occurred November 24, 2022. The Court had indicated that it expected to render a decision on this matter by December 31, 2022, but had subsequently updated the parties to indicate that a decision on this matter is expected by February 16, 2023. On February 15, 2023, we were informed that the Court had scheduled another hearing for April 27, 2023. 
 Based on the developments in these cases, we regularly reassess the likelihood that we will prevail in some or all the claims from the Korean tax authorities. To the extent that we determine that it is more likely than not that we will prevail against the claims from the Korean tax authorities, then no additional tax expense is provided for in our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income . In the event that we determine that it is more likely than not that we will not prevail against the claims from the Korean tax authorities, or a portion thereof, then we would estimate the anticipated additional tax expense associated with that outcome and record it as additional income tax expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income in the period of the new determination. If the additional income tax expense was related to the periods assessed by Korean tax authorities and for which we recorded in Long-term deposits on our Consolidated Balance Sheets , then the additional income tax expense would be recorded as an impairment in the Long-term deposits . If the additional income tax expense was not related to the periods assessed by Korean tax authorities and for a which we recorded a Long-term deposits on our Consolidated Balance Sheets , then the additional income tax expense would be accrued as an Other current liabilities . 
 We cannot predict the ultimate outcome of the above-mentioned actions that are pending, and we are unable to estimate any potential liability we may incur. Please also refer to our disclosures in Note 5. Contingencies of the Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Immersion Software Ireland Limited v. Marquardt GMBH 
 On August 3, 2021, we filed an arbitration demand with the American Arbitration Association (the AAA against Marquardt GmbH Marquardt ), one of our licensees in the automotive market. The arbitration demand had arisen out of that certain Amended and Restated Patent License Agreement (the Marquardt License ), effective as of January 1, 2018, between us as licensor and Marquardt, as licensee. Pursuant to the arbitration demand, we demanded that Marquardt cure its breach of the Marquardt License and pay all royalties currently owed under the Marquardt License. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Marquardt License, we requested arbitration by a single arbitrator in Madison County, New York. On August 9, 2021, the AAA confirmed receipt of our arbitration demand dated August 3, 2021. On August 13, 2021, the AAA conducted an administrative conference call to discuss communications, mediation, tribunal appointment, place of arbitration, and other administrative topics. On September 15, 2021, Marquardt filed an answer to our arbitration demand with the AAA, in which Marquardt provided general denials of our claims and asserted a counterclaim for approximately 138,000 in royalties previously paid to us under the Marquardt License. On September 30, 2021, we filed an answer to Marquardt s counterclaim in which we denied the allegations set forth in Marquardt s counterclaim. A preliminary hearing occurred on December 6, 2021, during which the parties agreed to explore mediation and the arbitrator set forth a schedule relating to the arbitration. A mediation session occurred during the period of March 14-16, 2022. At the mediation, we entered into a binding settlement term sheet with Marquardt pursuant to which we agreed to cause our arbitration demand to be dismissed. In exchange, Marquardt agreed to the prepayment of certain royalties otherwise payable under the Marquardt License. Additionally on April 4, 2022, we entered into an amendment to the Marquardt License to reflect such payment and other related terms. On May 20, 2022, the parties submitted a stipulation of dismissal to the AAA dismissing with prejudice all claims brought by us against Marquardt in the arbitration. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

32 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information, Holders of Record and Dividends 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol IMMR . 
 As of February 10, 2023, there were 61 holders of record of our common stock. 
 Unregistered Sales of Securities 
 During the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have not sold any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Stock Repurchase Agreement 
 On February 14, 2022, we entered into a Common Stock Repurchase Agreement (the Agreement with Invenomic Capital Management LP. Invenomic ). P ursuant to the Agreement, we purchased 904,499 shares of our common stock from Invenomic at 4.725 per share, or an aggregate purchase price of 4.3 million. The closing price of our common stock on February 14, 2022 was 4.80 per share. 
 We adopted a Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan on November 17, 2021 to diminish the risk we could experience an ownership change as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, which could substantially limit or permanently eliminate our ability to utilize its net operating loss carryovers to reduce potential future income tax obligations. Under this plan, a person who acquires, without the approval of our Board of Directors, beneficial ownership of 4.99 or more of the outstanding common stock could be subject to significant dilution. Following the repurchase, Invenomic s holdings dropped to below 4.99 of the outstanding common stock. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities 
 On February 23, 2022, our Board of Directors (the "Board") approved a stock repurchase program of up to 30.0 million of our common stock for a period of up to twelve months (the "February 2022 Stock Repurchase Program"). Any stock repurchases may be made through open market and privately negotiated transactions, at such times and in such amounts as management deems appropriate, including pursuant to one or more Rule 10b5-1 trading plans adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Additionally, the Board authorized the use of any derivative or similar instrument to effect stock repurchase transactions, including without limitation, accelerated share repurchase contracts, equity forward transactions, equity option transactions, equity swap transactions, cap transactions, collar transactions, naked put options, floor transactions or other similar transactions or any combination of the foregoing transactions. The stock repurchase program was implemented as a method to return value to our stockholders. The timing, pricing and sizes of any repurchases will depend on a number of factors, including the market price of our common stock and general market and economic conditions. The stock repurchase program does not obligate us to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares, and the program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. The February 2022 Stock Repurchase Program was terminated on December 29, 2022. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Share repurchase activity under the February 2022 Stock Repurchase Program during the three months ended December 31, 2022 was as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts): 
 Periods Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) October 1 to October 31, 2022 278,254 5.2780 1,468,614 21,521,000 November 1 to November 30, 2022 89,018 5.4468 484,864 21,035,000 December 1 to December 31, 2022 N/A (1) The amounts represent the amount available to repurchase shares under the authorized repurchase program as of December 31, 2022. Our stock repurchase program does not obligate it to acquire any specific number of shares. 
 In 2022, we repurchased 1,637,566 shares of our common stock for 8.9 million at an average purchase price of 5.46 per share. The February 2022 Stock Repurchase Program was terminated on December 29,2022. 
 On December 29, 2022, the Board approved a stock repurchase program of up to 50.0 million of our common stock for a period of up to twelve months (the "December 2022 Stock Repurchase Program"), which terminated and superseded the stock repurchase program that had been approved by our Board of Directors on February 23, 2022. Any stock repurchases may be made through open market and privately negotiated transactions, at such times and in such amounts as management deems appropriate, including pursuant to one or more Rule 10b5-1 trading plans adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Additionally, the Board authorized the use of any derivative or similar instrument to effect stock repurchase transactions, including without limitation, accelerated share repurchase contracts, equity forward transactions, equity option transactions, equity swap transactions, cap transactions, collar transactions, naked put options, floor transactions or other similar transactions or any combination of the foregoing transactions. The stock repurchase program was implemented as a method to return value to our stockholders. The timing, pricing and sizes of any repurchases will depend on a number of factors, including the market price of our common stock and general market and economic conditions. The stock repurchase program does not obligate us to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares, and the program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have 50.0 million available for repurchase under the December 2022 Stock Repurchase Program. 
 Dividends Payment 
 On November 14, 2022, our Board of Directors ("Board") declared a quarterly dividend in the amount of 0.03 per share, which was paid on January 30, 2023, to stockholders of record on January 15, 2023. In addition, on December 29, 2022, our Board declared a special dividend in the amount of 0.10 per share, which was paid on January 30, 2023 to stockholders of record on January 15, 2023. Further, on February 21, 2023, our Board declared a second quarterly dividend, in the amount of 0.03 per share, which will be paid on April 28, 2023 to stockholders of record on April 13, 2023. 
 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP and our discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results require the management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported. Note 1. Significant Accounting Policies of the N otes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K, which describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Fixed fee license revenue 
 In certain contracts, we grant a fixed fee license to our existing patent portfolio at the inception of the license agreement as well as rights to the portfolio as it evolves throughout the contract term. For such arrangements, we have two separate performance obligations: 
 Performance Obligation A - Transfer rights to our patent portfolio as it exists when the contract is executed; 
 Performance Obligation B - Transfer rights to our patent portfolio as it evolves over the term of the contract, including access to new patent applications that the licensee can benefit from over the term of the contract. 
 For fixed fee license agreements that contain both Performance Obligation A and B, we will allocate the transaction price based on the standalone price for each of the two performance obligations. We use a number of factors primarily related to the attributes of our patent portfolio to estimate standalone prices related to Performance Obligation A and B to perform this allocation. 
 Per-unit Royalty revenue 
 As we may not receive the per-unit licensee royalty reports for sales during a given quarter within the time frame that allows us to adequately review the reports and include the actual amounts in our quarterly results for such quarter, we accrue the related revenue based on estimates of our licensees underlying sales, subject to certain constraints on our ability to estimate such amounts. We develop such estimates based on a combination of available data including, but not limited to, approved customer forecasts, a look back at historical royalty reporting for each of our customers, and industry information available for the licensed products. 
 As a result of accruing per-unit royalty revenue for the quarter based on such estimates, adjustments will be required in the following quarter to true up revenue to the actual amounts reported by our licensees. The true-ups represent the difference between per-unit royalty based on actual sales reported by our licensees in a quarter-lag, and the estimate of per-unit royalty that was reported in the same quarter the underlying sales occurred. 
 Income Taxes 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. The evaluation of our uncertain tax positions involves significant judgment in the interpretation and application of GAAP and complex domestic and international tax laws, including the Act and matters related to the allocation of international taxation rights between countries. Although management believes our reserves are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different from that which is reflected in our reserves. Reserves are adjusted considering changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax examination or the refinement of an estimate. Resolution of these uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with management s expectations could have a material impact on our financial condition and operating results. 
 As disclosed in Note 5. Contingencies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, we have made a deposit payment to reimburse LGE for withholding taxes and related penalties paid by LGE as a result of an assessment LGE have received from the South Korean tax authorities. This payment is recorded as Long-term deposits on our Consolidated Balance 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Sheets . We expect to be reimbursed by LGE to the extent we ultimately prevail or prevailed in the appeal in the Korean courts. We regularly assess the likelihood that we will prevail in this case against the South Korean tax authorities and consequently the likelihood that this deposit will be recoverable. In the event that we do not ultimately prevail in our appeal in the Korean courts, the deposit included in Long-term deposits would be recorded as additional income tax expense on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income , in the period in which we do not ultimately prevail. 
 Legal and Other Contingencies 
 We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, the outcomes of which are inherently uncertain. We record a liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable, the determination of which requires significant judgment. Resolution of legal matters in a manner inconsistent with management s expectations could have a material impact on our financial condition and operating results. 

36 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Overview 
 Total revenues in 2022 were 38.5 million, an increase of 3.4 million, or 9.6 , compared to 2021. 
 Total cost and operating expenses were 14.0 million, a decrease of 3.3 million or 18.9 compared to 2021. 
 In 2022, we had net income of 30.7 million, an increase of 18.2 million, or 145.6 compared to 2021. 
 The following table sets forth our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income data as a percentage of total revenues: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues: Total royalty and license revenue 99 99 Development, services, and other 1 1 Total revenues 100 100 Costs and expenses: Cost of revenues Sales and marketing 3 9 Research and development 3 12 General and administrative 30 28 Total costs and expenses 36 49 Operating income 64 51 Interest and other income 7 4 Other income (expense), net (1) (2) Income before benefit from (provision for) income taxes 70 50 Benefit from (provision for) income taxes 10 (14) Net income 80 36 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Revenues 
 Our revenue is primarily derived from fixed fee license agreements and per-unit royalty agreements, along with less significant revenue earned from development, services and other revenue. Royalty and license revenue is composed of per unit royalties earned based on usage or net sales by licensees and fixed payment license fees charged for our IP and software. 
 A revenue summary for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 are as follows (in thousands, except for percentages): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Fixed fee license revenue 11,953 5,843 6,110 105 Per-unit royalty revenue 26,225 28,846 (2,621) (9) Total royalty and license revenue 38,178 34,689 3,489 10 Development, services, and other revenue 283 400 (117) (29) Total revenues 38,461 35,089 3,372 10 
 Fixed fee license revenue increased 6.1 million, or 105 in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily attributable to a 6.4 million increase in mobility revenue partially offset by a 0.3 million decrease in other license revenue. 
 Per-unit royalty revenue decreased by 2.6 million, or 9 , in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily caused by a 3.1 million decrease in royalties from mobility licensees and a 1.8 million decrease in royalties from automotive licensees. These decreases were partially offset by a 1.7 million increase in royalties from other licensees and a 0.7 million increase in royalties from gaming licensees. 
 We expect royalty and license revenue to continue to be a major component of our future revenue as our technology is included in products and we succeed in our efforts to monetize our IP. Our fixed fee license revenue could fluctuate depending upon the timing of execution of new fixed license fee arrangements. We also anticipate that our royalty revenue will fluctuate relative to our customers unit shipments. 
 Geographically, revenues generated in Asia, North America and Europe for the year ended December 31, 2022, represented 62 , 28 , and 10 , of our total revenue as compared to 76 , 12 , and 12 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 A summary of operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 are as follows (in thousands, except for percentages): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Sales and marketing 1,215 3,241 (2,026) (63) Research and development 1,380 4,150 (2,770) (67) General and administrative 11,442 9,835 1,607 16 
 Sales and Marketing - Our sales and marketing expenses primarily consisted of employee compensation and benefits, including stock-based compensation; sales commissions; advertising; collateral marketing materials; market development funds; travel; and allocated facilities costs. 
 Sales and marketing expenses decreased 2.0 million, or 63 , in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily attributable to a 1.7 million decrease in compensation, benefits and other personnel related costs and a 0.2 million decrease in advertising and marketing expenses. The decrease in compensation, benefits and other personnel-related costs were due to lower headcount and decreases in variable compensation expense. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Research and Development - Our research and development expenses primarily consisted of employee compensation and benefits, including stock-based compensation; outside services and consulting fees; tooling and supplies; and allocated facilities costs. 
 Research and development expenses decreased 2.8 million, or 67 , in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily attributable to a 2.4 million decrease in compensation, benefits and other personnel related costs and a 0.2 million decrease in office expenses. The decrease in compensation, benefits and other personnel related costs were largely attributable to lower headcount and decreases in stock-based compensation expense and severance costs. 
 General and Administrative - Our general and administrative expenses primarily consisted of employee compensation and benefits including stock-based compensation; legal other professional fees; external legal costs for patents; office expense; travel; and allocated facilities costs. 
 General and administrative expenses increased 1.6 million, or 16 , in 2022 as compared to 2021 primarily due to a 2.7 million increase in compensation, benefits and other personnel related costs partially offset by a 0.6 million decrease in legal costs and a 0.5 million decrease in consulting and professional services. 
 The increases in compensation, benefits and other personnel related costs in 2022 compared to 2021 were driven by increases in stock-based compensation expense and higher variable compensation. The decrease in legal expense in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily attributable to reduced activities, as well as a decrease in patent maintenance and prosecution costs. 
 We may be required to engage in litigation to protect our IP, in which case our general and administrative expenses could substantially increase reflecting such litigation costs. 
 
 Interest and Other Income (Loss) 
 A summary of interest and other income, other expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 are as follows (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Interest and other income (loss), net 2,838 374 2,464 659 Other income (expense), net (293) (859) 566 (66) 2,545 (485) 3,030 (625) 
 Interest and Other Income (loss) - Interest and other income (loss) consists primarily of interest and dividend income from cash and cash equivalents, marketable debt and equity securities, realized and unrealized gains (losses) on our marketable equity securities and derivative instruments and realized gains (losses) on our marketable debt securities. 
 Interest and other income increased 2.5 million during the 2022 compared to 2021 primarily driven by a 4.7 million increase in interest and dividend income partially offset by a 2.2 million increase in net loss from investments in marketable securities and derivative instruments. 
 The increase in interest and dividend income in 2022 compared to 2021 was largely attributable to higher interest and dividend income from investments as well as interest income from a Korean tax litigation settlement. 
 The increase in net loss from investments in marketable securities and derivative instruments in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily consisted of a 8.4 million increase in net losses on investment in marketable securities partially offset by a 6.2 million increase in net gains on derivative instruments. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes 
 A summary of provision for income taxes and effective tax rates for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 are as follows (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Income before benefit from (provision for) income taxes 26,965 17,290 Benefit from (provision for) income taxes 3,699 (4,806) 8,505 (177) Effective tax rate 13.7 (27.8) 
 
 Benefit from income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022, resulted primarily from estimated domestic and foreign taxes included in the calculation of the effective tax rate. Provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2021 primarily consisted of estimated U.S. taxes, adjustments to uncertain tax positions withholding tax reserve, foreign taxes and foreign withholding taxes. 
 
 We put partial valuation allowance for certain federal assets, whose future realization is not more likely than not and continue to maintain full valuation allowance for state deferred tax assets in the United States as well as federal tax assets in Canada. As a result, a benefit of 5.7 million generated from our U.S. territory was included in the calculation of the effective tax rate, which was the main reason for the difference between the statutory tax rate and actual effective tax rate. The year-over-year change in provision for income taxes resulted primarily from the change in income from continuing operations across various tax jurisdictions. 
 
 We put partial valuation allowance for certain federal assets, whose future realization is not more likely than not and continue to maintain full valuation allowance for state and certain foreign deferred tax assets in the United States and Canada as a result of uncertainties regarding the realization of the asset balance due to historical losses, the variability of operating results, and uncertainty regarding near term projected results. In the event that we determine the deferred tax assets are realizable based on an assessment of relevant factors, an adjustment to the valuation allowance may increase income in the period such determination is made. The valuation allowance does not impact our ability to utilize the underlying net operating loss carryforwards. 
 
 We also maintain liabilities for uncertain tax positions. As of December 31, 2022, we had unrecognized tax benefits under ASC 740 Income Taxes of approximately 7.1 million, of which 1.4 million could be payable in cash. In addition, interest and penalty 0.1 million could also be payable in cash in relation to the unrecognized tax benefits. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that would affect our effective tax rate, if recognized, is 1.4 million. We account for interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax provision. We do not expect to have any significant changes to unrecognized tax benefits during the next twelve months. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our cash equivalents, investments - current and investments - noncurrent consist primarily of money-market funds, investment in equity and debt marketable securities (including mutual funds) and certificates of deposit. All marketable securities are stated at market value. Realized gains and losses on marketable equity securities and marketable debt securities are recorded in Other income (expense), net on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income . Unrealized gains and losses on marketable equity securities (including mutual funds) are reported as Other income (expense), net on our Consolidated Statement of Income and Comprehensive Income. Unrealized gains and losses on marketable debt securities reported as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income(loss) on our Consolidated Balance Sheets . Certificates of deposit are reported as Investments-current or Investments -noncurrent based on their term when purchased. Interest income from certificates of deposit are reported as Interest and other income (loss), net on the Consolidated Statement of Income and Comprehensive Income. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Cash, cash equivalents and investments- As of December 31, 2022, our cash, cash equivalents, and investments-current totaled 149.7 million, an increase of 11.8 million from 137.9 million on December 31, 2021. 
 A summary of select cash flow information for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 40,146 17,449 Net cash used in investing activities (29,405) (87,684) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (13,411) 62,203 
 Cash provided by operating activities - Our operating activities primarily consists of net income adjusted for certain non-cash items including depreciation and amortization; stock-based compensation expense, deferred income taxes and the effect of changes in operating assets and liabilities. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 40.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, a 22.7 million increase compared to the same period in 2021. This cash increase was primarily attributable to a 18.2 million increase in net income and a 9.4 million increase from changes in net operating assets partially offset by a 5.1 million decrease from changes in non-cash items. 
 Cash provided by (used in) investing activities - Our investing activities primarily consist of purchases of marketable securities and other investments and proceeds from disposal of marketable securities and other investments; proceeds from issuance of derivative instruments; payments made to settle derivative instruments and purchases of computer equipment, furniture and leasehold improvements. 
 Net cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022,was 29.4 million primarily consisting of 165.4 million in cash used to purchase marketable securities and in the settlement of derivative instrument partially offset by 136.0 million in proceeds from selling marketable securities and derivatives. 
 Net cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was 87.7 million primarily consisting of 123.4 million of purchases marketable securities and in the settlement of derivative instrument partially offset by 36.1 million of proceeds from sale of derivative instruments. 
 Cash provided by (used in) financing activities Our financing activities primarily consist of cash proceeds from issuance of common stock, proceeds from stock option exercises and stock purchases under our employee stock purchase plan and cash paid for repurchases of our common stock. 
 Net cash used by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 13.4 million primarily consisting of cash paid for stock repurchases. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was 62.2 million primarily consisting of 59.2 million of net proceeds from common stock issuances and 3.0 million cash proceeds from stock option exercises and stock purchases under our employee stock purchase plan. 
 Total cash, cash equivalents, and investments-current were 149.7 million as of December 31, 2022 of which approximately 21 , or 31.7 million, was held by our foreign subsidiaries and subject to repatriation tax effects. Our intent is to permanently reinvest a majority of our earnings from foreign operations, and current plans do not anticipate that we will need funds generated from foreign operations to fund our domestic operations. 
 We intend to continue to invest in, protect, and defend our extensive IP portfolio, which can result in the use of cash in the event of litigation. 
 On February 23, 2022, our Board of Directors (the "Board") approved a stock repurchase program of up to 30 million of our common stock for a period of up to twelve months (the "February 2022 Stock Repurchase Program"). On December 29, 2022, the Board approved a stock repurchase program of up to 50 million of our common stock for a period of up to twelve months (the "December 2022 Stock Repurchase Program"), which terminated and superseded the stock repurchase program that 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 had been approved by our Board of Directors on February 23, 2022. Any stock repurchases may be made through open market and privately negotiated transactions, at such times and in such amounts as management deems appropriate, including pursuant to one or more Rule 10b5-1 trading plans adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Additionally, the Board authorized the use of any derivative or similar instrument to effect stock repurchase transactions, including without limitation, accelerated share repurchase contracts, equity forward transactions, equity option transactions, equity swap transactions, cap transactions, collar transactions, naked put options, floor transactions or other similar transactions or any combination of the foregoing transactions. The stock repurchase program was implemented as a method to return value to our stockholders. The timing, pricing and sizes of any repurchases will depend on a number of factors, including the market price of our common stock and general market and economic conditions. The stock repurchase program does not obligate Immersion to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares, and the program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 1,637,566 shares of our common stock for 8.9 million at an average purchase price of 5.46 per share. The February 2022 Stock Repurchase Program was terminated on December 29, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have 50.0 million available for future repurchase under the December 2022 Stock Repurchase Program. 
 On November 14, 2022, our Board of Directors ("Board") declared a quarterly dividend in the amount of 0.03 per share, was paid on January 30, 2023 to stockholders of record on January 15, 2023. The Board reserves the right to adjust or withdraw our quarterly dividend in future periods as it reviews the capital allocation strategy from time-to-time . 
 In addition, on December 29, 2022, our Board declared a special dividend in the amount of 0.10 per share, which was paid on January 30, 2023 to stockholders of record on January 15, 2023. 
 
 Further, on February 21, 2023, our Board declared a second quarterly dividend, in the amount of 0.03 per share, which will be paid on April 28, 2023 to stockholders of record on April 13, 2023. 
 On December 31, 2022, we had a liability for unrecognized tax benefits totaling 7.1 million, of which 1.4 million could be payable in cash. In addition, interest and penalty of 0.1 million could also be payable in cash in relation to the unrecognized tax benefits. 
 We did not have any other significant non-cancellable purchase commitments as of December 31, 2022. 
 We anticipate that capital expenditures for property and equipment for 2023 will be less than 1.0 million. 
 While the unprecedented public health and governmental efforts to contain the spread of COVID-19 have created significant uncertainty as to general economic and capital market conditions in 2022 and beyond, as of February 22, 2023, the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe we have sufficient capital resources to meet our working capital needs for the next twelve months and beyond. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the effect of new accounting pronouncements on our financial statements. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Not applicable 

42 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 IMMERSION CORPORATION 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Plante Moran, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 43 
 Report of Armanino LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 46 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 49 
 Co nsolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 50 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 , and 2021 
 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 , and 2021 
 52 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 54 

43 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Immersion Corporation 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Immersion Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related statements of income and comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Revenue Recognition - Refer to Notes 1 and 2 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company recognizes revenue under its fixed fee license agreements from the transfer of rights to intellectual property upon the execution of the license agreement. In certain contracts the Company grants a license to the existing patent portfolio at the inception of the license agreement (Performance Obligation A), which is functional intellectual property, as well as rights to the portfolio as it evolves throughout the contract term (Performance Obligation B). Licensees pay a fee upon the transfer of rights to the patent portfolio. 
 Fixed fee license agreements that contain both Performance Obligation A and B require an allocation of the transaction price to each distinct performance obligation based on the determination of standalone selling price (SSP). SSP for a performance obligation in a customer contract is an estimate of the price that would be charged for the specific service if it was sold separately in similar circumstances and to similar customers. This estimate determines the allocation of the transaction price and affects the amount and timing of revenue recognized for each performance obligation in a customer contract. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 We identified the evaluation of the determination of the SSP of performance obligations for customer contracts that contain both Performance Obligation A and B as a critical audit matter. A higher degree of auditor judgment was required to evaluate the approach and the significant assumptions used to establish SSP for each performance obligation which could be offered in a customer contract due to the uniqueness of each contract, including the licensed products covered by each customer, and the lack of observable transactions where each performance obligation is sold separately. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to testing the standalone selling price and timing of revenue recognition for fixed fee license agreements included the following, among others: 
 We obtained an understanding of the process and evaluated the design of internal controls relating to management s determination of SSP which included management s process for quantifying patents existing at contract inception and those to be issued during the contract term. 
 We evaluated management s approach used to estimate SSP by testing the reasonableness of the number of patents projected to be available throughout the contract term by testing the completeness and accuracy of the data used to determine the SSP and assessing relevant internal historical data pertinent to the methodology. 
 We inspected a selection of contracts from the SSP population to evaluate the identification of performance obligations and application of management s approach to estimating SSP. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Immersion Corporation 
 Aventura, Florida 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Immersion Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the year ended December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue Recognition Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 As disclosed in the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those services. The Company grants licenses or otherwise provides rights to use portions of its intellectual property portfolio as well as rights to the portfolio as it evolves throughout the contract term. Licensees pay a fee upon the transfer of rights to the patent portfolio. The Company also enters into sales-based royalty contracts with customers and recognizes revenue based on estimates in the period which the associated sales by the licensee occur. For royalty arrangements revenue is recognized when a contract exists and to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenues will not occur based on their sales incorporating or using the licensed intellectual property. These arrangements are generally based upon fixed per-unit prices stated in the contract. If a contract is determined to exist, management estimates and recognizes sales-based royalties on such licensed products in the period in which the associated sales by the licensee occur, subject to certain constraints on management's ability to estimate such royalties. Management analyzes the risk of a significant revenue reversal considering both the likelihood and magnitude of the reversal and, if necessary, constrains the amount of estimated revenue recognized, which may result in recognizing revenues less than amounts contractually owed to the Company. 
 
 Significant judgment is exercised by the Company in determining revenue recognition for these customer agreements, and includes the following: 
 
 Determination of whether license arrangements are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together. 
 Determination of stand-alone selling prices for each distinct performance obligation. 
 The pattern of delivery (i.e., timing of when revenue is recognized) for each distinct performance obligation. 
 Estimation of the amount to recognize for sales-based royalty arrangements. 
 
 Given these factors, the related audit effort in evaluating management's judgments in determining revenue recognition for these customer agreements was extensive and required a high degree of auditor judgment. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our principal audit procedures related to the Company's revenue recognition for these customer agreements included the following: 
 
 We selected a sample of customer agreements and performed the following procedures: 
 Obtained and read contract source documents for each selection, including master agreements, and other documents that were part of the agreement to identify significant terms. 
 Tested management's identification of significant terms for completeness, including the identification of distinct performance obligations and variable consideration. 
 Assessed the terms in the customer agreement and evaluated the appropriateness of management's application of their accounting policies, along with their use of estimates, in the determination of revenue recognition conclusions. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management's estimate of stand-alone selling prices for each performance obligation. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness and accuracy of management's judgements and estimates used in accounting for its sales-based royalty arrangements. This included testing management's estimate of calculating sales as they occur and verifying future sales forecast with the operations team. 
 We tested the mathematical accuracy of management's calculations of revenue and the associated timing of recognizing the related revenue subject to any constraints in the consolidated financial statements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Contingencies Refer to Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company is currently involved in certain legal and regulatory proceedings. As disclosed in the consolidated financial statements, the Company is currently involved in certain legal and regulatory proceedings with Samsung Electronics Co. ("Samsung") and LG Electronics Inc. ("LGE") with respect to withholdings taxes imposed on Samsung and LGE by the Korean tax authorities for failing to withhold taxes on royalty payments. Pursuant to legal requirements, the Company provided deposits representing the amount of such withholding tax that was imposed on Samsung and LGE, respectively, of approximately 12.1 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an impairment to these long-term deposits of approximately 2.2 million based on the recent developments in the Samsung case. 
 
 Significant judgment is exercised by the Company and includes the following: 
 
 Assessing the recoverability of deposits for withholding taxes related to legal and regulatory proceedings. 
 Assessing the likelihood of an unfavorable legal decision. 
 
 Given these factors, the related audit effort in evaluating management's judgments was extensive and required a high degree of auditor judgment. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our principal audit procedures related to the Company's legal and regulatory proceedings included the following: 
 
 Obtained and evaluated the letters of audit inquiry with external and internal counsel. 
 Read relevant correspondence the Company received from taxing authorities provided by management. 
 Read relevant documents the Company has filed with the courts and related counterparty filings. 
 Evaluated the reasonableness of management's process for identifying and assessing a potential unfavorable outcome. 
 Involved tax subject matter resources in considering the applicable tax laws, the pending appeal and the current status of legal precedent relevant to the appeals. 
 Evaluated the sufficiency of the Company's legal and regulatory proceedings disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management's impairment estimate and accrual of additional income tax liability. 

/s/ 
 
 February 25, 2022 
 
 We began serving as the Company's auditor in 2020. In 2022, we became the predecessor auditor. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 IMMERSION CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Investments-current Accounts and other receivables Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Investments-noncurrent Long-term deposits Deferred tax assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation Deferred revenue-current Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Deferred revenue - noncurrent Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 5) Stockholders equity: Common stock and additional paid-in capital 0.001 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; 46,974,629 and 46,534,198 shares issued, respectively; 32,247,047 and 34,390,765 shares outstanding, respectively Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) Treasury stock at cost: 14,727,582 and 12,143,433 shares, respectively ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 IMMERSION CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues: Royalty and license Development, services, and other Total revenues Costs and expenses: Cost of revenues Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Total costs and expenses Operating income Interest and other income (loss), net Other income (expense), net ) ) Income before benefit from (provision for) income taxes Benefit from (provision for) income taxes ) Net income Basic net income per share Shares used in calculating basic net income per share Diluted net income per share Shares used in calculating diluted net income per share Deferred gains (losses) on available-for-sale marketable debt securities ) Realized gains on available-for-sale marketable debt securities reclassified to net income Total comprehensive income 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 IMMERSION CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except number of shares) 
 
 Common Stock and Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Treasury Stock Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes Exercise of stock options, net of shares withheld for employee taxes Release of restricted stock units and awards Issuance of stock for ESPP purchase Shares issued in connection with public offering, net of offering costs Stock-based compensation Balances at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities, net of taxes ) ) Stock repurchases ) ) Release of restricted stock units and awards net of shares withheld for tax liabilities ) ) Issuance of stock for ESPP purchase Shares issued to an employee in lieu of cash compensation Shares issued in connection with public offering, net of issuance costs Stock-based compensation Cash dividend declared ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 IMMERSION CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash and cash equivalents provided by operating activities: Depreciation of property and equipment Reduction in carrying value of right of use assets Stock-based compensation Net (gain) loss on investment in marketable securities ) Net losses (gains) on derivative instruments ) Impairment of long-term deposits Foreign currency remeasurement losses Deferred income taxes ) Shares issued to an employee in lieu of cash compensation Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts and other receivables Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Long-term deposits Other assets Accounts payable ) Accrued compensation ) Other current liabilities ) Deferred revenue ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) Net cash and cash equivalents provided by operating activities Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities: Purchases of marketable securities and other investments ) ) Proceeds from sale or maturities of marketable securities and other investments Proceeds from sale of derivative instruments Payments for settlement of derivative instruments ) ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of fixed assets Net cash and cash equivalents used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities: Payment for purchases of treasury stock ) Shares withheld to cover payroll taxes ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Proceeds from stock options exercises Net cash and cash equivalents provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents: Beginning of period End of period 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 IMMERSION CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing, and financing activities: Dividends declared but not yet paid Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 million in government subsidies as a reduction to operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income . We did not recognize for any government subsidy during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation 

54 

Table of Contents 

 million, million and million adjustments to increase royalty revenue in the first, second and fourth quarters, respectively. In the third quarter of 2022, we recorded adjustments of million to decrease royalty revenue. In 2021, we recorded million, million and million adjustments to decrease royalty revenue in the first, third and fourth quarters, respectively. In the second quarter of 2021, we recorded adjustments of million to increase royalty revenue. 
 Certain of our per-unit royalty agreements contain minimum royalty provisions which sets forth minimum amounts to be received by us during the contract term. Under Accounting Standard Codification 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , ASC 606 ), minimum royalties are considered a fixed transaction price to which we have a right once all other performance obligations, if any, are satisfied. We recognize all minimum royalties as revenue at the inception of the license agreement, or in the period in which all remaining revenue recognition criteria have been met. We account for the unbilled 
 55 

Table of Contents 

56 

Table of Contents 

 57 

Table of Contents 

 Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or their estimated useful life. 
 Total depreciation expenses for property and equipment for years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were million and million, respectively. 

Advertising expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were and million, respectively. 

58 

Table of Contents 

59 

Table of Contents 

2. 
 Per-unit royalty revenue Total royalty and license revenue Development, services, and other revenue Total revenues 
 Contract Assets 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had contract assets of million, million and million included within Prepaid expenses and other current asset s, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, million and million and million included within Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively. 
 Contract assets decreased by million from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, primarily due to actual royalties billed and the reduction in contact assets balance following our settlement agreement with Marquardt GmbH. Contract assets decreased by million from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021, primarily due to actual royalties billed during the year. 
 Deferred Revenue 
 Based on contracts signed and payments received as of December 31, 2022, we expect to recognize million in revenue related to Performance Obligation B under our fixed fee license agreements, which are satisfied over time, including million over one to three years and million over more than three years. 
 As of December 31, 2021, total deferred revenue was million. In 2022, we recorded a million increase in deferred revenue as a result to a new contract with a customer. We recognized million of deferred revenue during 2022. 
 As December 31, 2020, total deferred revenue was million. 
 
 3. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

) U.S. treasury securities ) Corporate bonds ) Equity securities ) ) 
 December 31, 2021 Cost or Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Fair Value Mutual funds ) Corporate bonds Equity securities ) ) 
 
 U.S. treasury securities Equity securities Corporate bonds 
 December 31, 2021 Marketable Equity Securities Marketable Debt Securities Total Mutual funds Equity securities Corporate bonds 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 1 to 5 years More than 5 years Total 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 Our derivative instruments consisted of call and put options sold at their fair value as of the balance sheet date. 
 
 December 31, 2021 Cost Unrealized Gains Fair Value Derivative instruments ) )) ) Net realized gains (losses) recognized on marketable equity securities ) Net realized gains (losses) recognized on derivative instruments ) Net unrealized gains (losses) recognized on derivative instruments ) Net realized gains recognized on marketable debt securities Total net gains (losses) recognized in interest and other income (loss), net ) ) 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 Our financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis consisted of money-market funds, mutual funds, equity securities, corporate debt securities and derivatives. Equity securities are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy as they are valued based on quoted market price in an active market. Corporate debt securities and derivative instruments are valued based on quoted prices in markets that are less active, broker or dealer quotations, or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency are generally classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. treasury securities Mutual funds Equity securities Corporate bonds Total assets at fair value Liabilities Derivative instruments Total liabilities at fair value 
 December 31, 2021 Fair Value Measurements Using Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Total Assets: Mutual funds Equity securities Corporate bonds Total assets at fair value Liabilities Derivative instruments Total liabilities at fair value 
 If quoted prices for identical instruments are available in an active market, debt securities are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. If quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets are not available, fair values are estimated using quoted prices of similar instruments and are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. To date, all of our debt securities can be valued using one of these two methodologies. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

4. 
 Certificates of deposit (1) 
 Money market funds Cash and cash equivalents (1) Represents certificates of deposit with initial or remaining maturity days of 90 days or less. 
 Investments - Current 
 U.S. treasury securities Marketable securities Short-term investments (2) Represents investments with remaining maturity days between 91 days and one year. 
 Accounts and Other Receivables 
 Other receivables Accounts and other receivables 
 Allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, were not material. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Contract assets - current Other current assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Investments - noncurrent 
 Marketable debt securities Investments- noncurrent 
 Other Assets 
 Lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total other assets 
 Other Current Liabilities 
 Lease liabilities - current Income taxes payable Other current liabilities Total other current liabilities 

5. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 (approximately million) plus interest from and after May 2, 2017, plus the cost of the arbitration including legal fees. 
 On October 18, 2018, the Korea Tax Tribunal held a hearing and on November 19, 2018, the Korea Tax Tribunal issued its ruling in which it decided not to accept our arguments with respect to the Korean tax authorities assessment of withholding tax and penalties imposed on Samsung. On behalf of Samsung, we filed an appeal with the Korea Administrative Court on February 15, 2019. 
 On March 27, 2019, we received the final award relating to the arbitration demand that Samsung had filed on September 29, 2017. The award ordered Immersion to pay Samsung KRW (approximately million as of March 31, 2019), which we paid on April 22, 2019, denied Samsung s claim for interest from and after May 2, 2017; and ordered Immersion to pay Samsung s cost of the arbitration in the amount of approximately , which was paid in 2019. 
 On July 16, 2020, the Korea Administrative Court issued its ruling in which it ruled that the withholding taxes and penalties which were imposed by the Korean tax authorities on Samsung should be cancelled with some litigation costs to be borne by the Korean tax authorities. 
 On August 1, 2020, the Korean tax authorities filed an appeal with the Korea High Court. The first hearing in the Korea High Court occurred on November 11, 2020. A second hearing occurred on January 13, 2021. A third hearing occurred on March 21, 2021. The Korea High Court had indicated that a final decision was originally expected on May 28, 2021, but instead, decided to hold a fourth hearing on July 9, 2021. On October 1, 2021, the Korea High Court issued its ruling in which it ruled that withholding taxes and penalties totaling approximately KRW (approximately million) in national-level withholding tax and local withholding taxes imposed by the Korean tax authorities on Samsung for royalties paid to Immersion during the period of 2012 2014 be cancelled on the basis that the Korea tax authorities wrongfully engaged in a duplicative audit with respect to such time period. The Korea High Court also ruled that approximately KRW (approximately million) of national-level withholding tax and local withholding taxes imposed by the Korean tax authorities on Samsung for royalties paid to Immersion during 2015 and 2016 be upheld in part on the basis that Immersion Software Ireland Limited did not have sufficient economic substance to be considered the beneficial owner of the royalties paid by Samsung to Immersion Software Ireland Limited. On or about October 22, 2021, the Korean tax authorities filed an appeal with the Korea Supreme Court with respect to certain portions of the Korea High Court decision and we filed an appeal with the Korea Supreme Court with respect to certain portions of the Korea High Court decision. 
 On December 1, 2021, the Korean tax authorities submitted its brief to the Korea Supreme Court challenging the cancellation by the Korea High Court of a portion of the withholding tax imposed by the Korean tax authorities. On December 3, 2021, we submitted our own brief to the Korea Supreme Court providing arguments in support of our position that Immersion Software Ireland Limited has sufficient economic substance to be considered the beneficial owner of the royalties paid by Samsung to Immersion Software Ireland Limited. Such brief also provided arguments challenging the calculation of the imposed withholding tax upheld by the Korea High Court. On December 2021, the Korean tax authorities filed a rebuttal brief relating to our brief filed on December 3, 2021. On December 29, 2021, we filed our rebuttal brief relating to the Korean tax authorities brief filed on December 1, 2021. On February 24, 2022, the Korea Supreme Court issued a decision affirming the rulings of the Korea High Court. We believe that any impairment in the Long-term deposits associated with the rulings of the Korea High Court was appropriately reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets . 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 million related to long-term deposits paid to Samsung. In March 2022, as a result of the Korea Supreme Court decision described above, we were reimbursed by Samsung in an amount equal to KRW (approximately million) representing Korea national-level taxes, penalties and interest that were canceled by the Korea Supreme Court, which amount is net of million of the impairment charge previously recorded in the fourth quarter of 2021. We were also reimbursed an additional KRW (approximately million) representing local-level taxes, penalties and interest that were canceled by the Korea Supreme Court, which amount is net of million of the impairment charge previously recorded in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 LGE Korean Withholding Tax Matter 
 On October 16, 2017, we received a letter from LG Electronics Inc. LGE requesting that we reimburse LGE with respect to withholding tax imposed on LGE by the Korean tax authorities following an investigation where the tax authority determined that LGE failed to withhold on LGE s royalty payments to Immersion Software Ireland from 2012 to 2014. Pursuant to an agreement reached with LGE, on April 8, 2020, we provided a provisional deposit to LGE in the amount of KRW (approximately million) representing the amount of such withholding tax that was imposed on LGE, which provisional deposit would be returned to us to the extent we ultimately prevail in the appeal in the Korea courts. In the second quarter of 2020, we recorded this deposit in Long-term deposits on our Consolidated Balance Sheets . In the event that we do not ultimately prevail in our appeal in the Korean courts, the deposit included in Long-term deposits would be recorded as additional income tax expense on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income, in the period in which we do not ultimately prevail. 
 On November 3, 2017, on behalf of LGE, we filed an appeal with the Korea Tax Tribunal regarding their findings with respect to the withholding taxes. The Korea Tax Tribunal hearing took place on March 5, 2019. On March 19, 2019, the Korea Tax Tribunal issued its ruling in which it decided not to accept our arguments with respect to the Korean tax authorities assessment of withholding tax and penalties imposed on LGE. On behalf of LGE, we filed an appeal with the Korea Administrative Court on June 10, 2019. The first hearing occurred on October 15, 2019. A second hearing occurred on December 19, 2019. A third hearing occurred on February 13, 2020. A fourth hearing occurred on June 9, 2020. A fifth hearing occurred on July 16, 2020. We anticipated a decision to be rendered on or about October 8, 2020, but the Korea Administrative Court scheduled and held a sixth hearing for November 12, 2020. A seventh hearing occurred on January 14, 2021. An eighth hearing occurred on April 8, 2021. A ninth hearing occurred on June 24, 2021. A tenth hearing occurred on September 13, 2021. An eleventh hearing occurred on November 15, 2021. A twelfth hearing occurred on December 23, 2021. The Court had indicated that it expected to render a decision on this matter by the end of February 2022. However, due to a reshuffling of judges, another hearing, which was originally scheduled for April 14, 2022, occurred on July 7, 2022. A thirteenth hearing occurred on October 27, 2022. A fourteenth hearing occurred November 24, 2022. The Court had indicated that it expected to render a decision on this matter by December 31, 2022, but had subsequently updated the parties to indicate that a decision on this matter is expected by February 16, 2023. On February 15, 2023, we were informed that the Court had scheduled another hearing for April 27, 2023. 
 
 Based on the developments in these cases, we regularly reassess the likelihood that we will prevail in the claims from the Korean tax authorities with respect to the LGE case. To the extent that we determine that it is more likely than not that we will prevail against the claims from the Korean tax authorities, then no additional tax expense is provided for in our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income . In the event that we determine that it is more likely than not that we will not prevail against the claims from the Korean tax authorities, or a portion thereof, then we would estimate the anticipated additional tax expense associated with that outcome and record it as additional income tax expense in our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income in the period of the new determination. If the additional income tax expense was related to the periods assessed by Korean tax authorities and for which we recorded a Long-term deposits on our Consolidated Balance Sheets , then the additional income tax expense would be recorded as an impairment to the Long-term deposits . If the additional income tax expense was not related to the periods assessed by Korean tax authorities and for a which we recorded in Long-term deposits on our Consolidated Balance Sheets , then the additional income tax expense would be accrued as an Other current liabilities . 
 In the event that we do not ultimately prevail in our appeal in the Korean courts with respect to this case, the applicable deposits included in Long-term deposits would be recorded as additional income tax expense on our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income , in the period in which we do not ultimately prevail. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, we recorded an impairment charge of million related to the long-term deposits paid to LGE. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 in royalties previously paid to us under the Marquardt License. On September 30, 2021, we filed an answer to Marquardt s counterclaim in which we denied the allegations set forth in Marquardt s counterclaim. A preliminary hearing occurred on December 6, 2021, during which the parties agreed to explore mediation and the arbitrator set forth a schedule relating to the arbitration. A mediation session occurred during the period of March 14-16, 2022. At the mediation, we entered into a binding settlement term sheet with Marquardt pursuant to which we agreed to cause our arbitration demand to be dismissed. In exchange, Marquardt agreed to the prepayment of certain royalties otherwise payable under the Marquardt License. Additionally on April 4, 2022, we entered into an amendment to the Marquardt License to reflect such payment and other related terms. On May 20, 2022, the parties submitted a stipulation of dismissal to the AAA dismissing with prejudice all claims brought by us against Marquardt in the arbitration. 
 
 Immersion Corporation vs. Meta Platforms, Inc., f/k/a Facebook, Inc. 
 On May 26, 2022, we filed a complaint against Meta Platforms, Inc. (formerly known as Facebook, Inc.) Meta in the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas. The complaint alleges that Meta s augmented and virtual reality AR/VR systems, including the Meta Quest 2, infringe six of our patents that cover various uses of haptic effects in connection with such AR/VR systems. We are seeking to protect Meta from further infringement and to recover a reasonable royalty for such infringement. 
 The complaint against Meta asserts infringement of the following patents: 
 U.S. Patent No. 8,469,806: System and method for providing complex haptic stimulation during input of control gestures, and relating to control of virtual equipment 
 U.S. Patent No. 8,896,524: Context-dependent haptic confirmation system 
 U.S. Patent No. 9,727,217: Haptically enhanced interactivity with interactive content 
 U.S. Patent No. 10,248,298: Haptically enhanced interactivity with interactive content 
 U.S. Patent No. 10,269,222: System with wearable device and haptic output device 
 U.S. Patent No. 10,664,143: Haptically enhanced interactivity with interactive content 
 Meta responded to our complaint on August 1, 2022. On September 12, 2022, Meta filed a motion to transfer the lawsuit to the Northern District of California or, in the alternative, to the Austin Division of the Western District of Texas. Meta s motion remains pending, and a hearing on the transfer motion occurred on January 23, 2023. In the meantime, claim construction briefing is closed, and fact discovery opened on February 7, 2023. The claim construction hearing is scheduled for March 6, 2023. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 shares plus up to an additional shares that are subject to stock options or other awards previously granted under the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 Under our equity incentive plans, stock options may be granted at prices not less than the fair market value on the date of the grant for stock options. Stock options generally vest over and expire seven years from the grant date. Market condition-based stock awards are subject to a market condition whereby the closing price of our common stock must exceed a certain level for a number of trading days within a specified time frame or the awards will be canceled before expiration. RSAs generally vests over . RSUs generally vest over . Awards granted other than a stock option or a stock appreciation right shall reduce the common stock shares available for grant by shares for every share issued. 
 Stock options outstanding RSUs outstanding RSAs outstanding PSUs outstanding 
 Time-Based Stock Options 
 Granted Exercised Canceled or expired ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying awards and the exercise price of our common stock for the options that were in-the-money. 
 We did not grant stock options in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Released ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the market value as of the end of the reporting period. 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 Granted Released ) Forfeited Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Market Condition-Based Restricted Stock Units 
 In the first quarter of 2022, we granted shares of PSUs to certain members of our management team. Each PSU represents the right to one share of our common stock with vesting subject to: (a) the achievement of specified levels of the volume weighted average closing prices of our common stock during any 100 day-period between January 1, 2022 and January 1, 2027, subject to certification by the Compensation Committee Performance Milestones and (b) continued employment with us through the later of each achievement date or service vesting date, which occurs over a three (3) year period commencing on January 1, 2022. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Released ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 
 The assumptions used to value market condition-based restricted stock units granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 under our equity incentive program are as follows: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 Expected life (in years) Volatility Interest rate Dividend yield 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Under the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ), eligible employees may purchase common stock through payroll deductions at a purchase price of of the lower of the fair market value of our common stock at the beginning of the offering period or the purchase date. Participants may not purchase more than shares in a six-month offering period or purchase stock having a value greater than in any calendar year as measured at the beginning of the offering period. A total of million shares of common stock had been reserved for issuance under the ESPP. During the year ended December 31, 2022, shares were purchased under the ESPP. As of December 31, 2022, shares were available for future purchase under the ESPP. Effective February 1, 2023, our ESPP program was discontinued. 
 Stock-based Compensation Expense 
 Valuation and amortization methods 
 Stock-based compensation is based on the estimated fair value of awards, net of estimated forfeitures, and recognized over the requisite service period. Estimated forfeitures are based on historical experience at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 RSUs, RSAs and PSUs ESPP Total Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Total 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost adjusted for estimated forfeitures related to non-vested stock options, RSUs, RSAs and PSUs granted to our employees and directors. This unrecognized compensation cost will be recognized over an estimated weighted-average period of approximately years. Total unrecognized compensation cost will be adjusted for future changes in estimated forfeitures. 

7. 
 shares of our common stock from Invenomic at per share, or an aggregate purchase price of million. The closing price of our common stock on February 14, 2022 was per share. 
 We adopted a Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan on November 17, 2021 to diminish the risk we could experience an ownership change as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, which could substantially limit or permanently eliminate our ability to utilize its net operating loss carryovers to reduce potential future income tax obligations. Under this plan, a person who acquires, without the approval of our Board of Directors, beneficial ownership of or more of the outstanding common stock could be subject to significant dilution. Following the repurchase, Invenomic s holdings dropped to below of the outstanding common stock. 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 On February 23, 2022, our Board of Directors (the "Board") approved a stock repurchase program of up to million of our common stock for a period of up to twelve months (the "February 2022 Stock Repurchase Program"). Any stock repurchases may be made through open market and privately negotiated transactions, at such times and in such amounts as management deems appropriate, including pursuant to one or more Rule 10b5-1 trading plans adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Additionally, the Board authorized the use of any derivative or similar instrument to effect stock repurchase transactions, including without limitation, accelerated share repurchase contracts, equity forward transactions, equity option transactions, equity swap transactions, cap transactions, collar transactions, naked put options, floor transactions or other similar transactions or any combination of the foregoing transactions. The stock repurchase program was implemented as a method to return value to our stockholders. The timing, pricing and sizes of any repurchases will depend on a number of factors, including the market price of our common stock and general market and economic conditions. The stock repurchase program does not obligate us to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares, and the program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. The February 2022 Stock Repurchase Program was terminated on December 29, 2022. 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased shares of our common stock for million at an average purchase price of per share. The February 2022 Stock Repurchase Program was terminated on December 29, 2022. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 million of our common stock for a period of up to twelve months (the "December 2022 Stock Repurchase Program"), which terminated and superseded the stock repurchase program that had been approved by our Board of Directors on February 23, 2022. Any stock repurchases may be made through open market and privately negotiated transactions, at such times and in such amounts as management deems appropriate, including pursuant to one or more Rule 10b5-1 trading plans adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Additionally, the Board authorized the use of any derivative or similar instrument to effect stock repurchase transactions, including without limitation, accelerated share repurchase contracts, equity forward transactions, equity option transactions, equity swap transactions, cap transactions, collar transactions, naked put options, floor transactions or other similar transactions or any combination of the foregoing transactions. The stock repurchase program was implemented as a method to return value to our stockholders. The timing, pricing and sizes of any repurchases will depend on a number of factors, including the market price our common stock and general market and economic conditions. The stock repurchase program does not obligate us to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares, and the program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have million available for repurchase under the December 2022 Stock Repurchase Program. 
 Dividends Payment 
 On November 14, 2022, our Board of Directors ("Board") declared a quarterly dividend in the amount of per share, which was paid on January 30, 2023, to stockholders of record on January 15, 2023. In addition, on December 29, 2022, our Board declared a special dividend in the amount of per share, which was paid on January 30, 2023 to stockholders of record on January 15, 2023. 
 
 On February 21, 2023, our Board declared a second quarterly dividend, in the amount of per share, which will be paid on April 28, 2023 to stockholders of record on April 13, 2023. 

8. 
 Benefit from (provision for) income taxes ) Effective tax rate ) 
 
 Benefit from income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022, resulted primarily from estimated domestic and foreign taxes included in the calculation of the effective tax rate. Provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily consisted of estimated U.S. taxes, adjustments to uncertain tax positions withholding tax reserve, foreign taxes and foreign withholding taxes. We put a partial valuation allowance for certain federal assets and continue to maintain full valuation allowance for state and certain foreign deferred tax assets in the United States and Canada. 
 Foreign Total 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 States and local Foreign Total current Deferred: U.S. federal ) States and local Foreign Total deferred ) Total benefit from (provision for) income taxes ) 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes, tax losses, and credit carryforwards. 
 State income taxes Deferred revenue Research and development and other credits Reserve and accruals recognized in different periods Capitalized research and development expenses Depreciation and amortization Lease liability Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Right of use lease assets ) ) Foreign credits Other deferred tax liabilities Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred taxes 
 We account for deferred taxes under ASC 740 which requires a reduction of the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. Accordingly, the need to establish valuation allowances for deferred tax assets is assessed periodically based on the ASC 740 more-likely-than-not realization ("MLTN") threshold criterion. This assessment considers matters such as future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. The evaluation of the recoverability of the deferred tax assets requires that we weigh all positive and negative evidence to reach a conclusion that it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The weight given to the evidence is commensurate with the extent to which it can be objectively verified. As of December 31, 2022, based on our assessment of the realizability of our deferred tax assets, we put partial valuation allowance 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. The state net operating losses begin to expire in 2029. The federal net operating losses for tax years after 2017 can be carried forward indefinitely. We have no net operating loss carryforward from foreign jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2022, we had federal and state tax credit carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively, available to offset future tax liabilities. The federal credit carryforwards will expire between 2023 and 2039 and the California tax credits will carryforward indefinitely. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we have Canadian research and development credit carryforwards of million, which will expire at various dates through 2040. These operating losses and credit carryforwards have not been reviewed by the relevant tax authorities and could be subject to adjustment upon examinations. 
 Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code IRC Section 382 imposes limitations on a corporation s ability to utilize its net operating losses and credit carryforwards if it experiences an ownership change as defined by IRC Section 382. Utilization of a portion of our federal net operating loss carryforward was limited in accordance with IRC Section 382, due to an ownership change that occurred during 1999. This limitation has fully lapsed as of December 31, 2010. As of December 31, 2022, we conducted an IRC Section 382 analysis with respect to our net operating loss and credit carryforwards and determined there was no limitation. There can be no assurance that future issuances of our securities will not trigger limitations under IRC Section 382 which could limit utilization of these tax attributes. 
 
 Foreign withholding Stock-based compensation expense Foreign rate differential ) ) Prior year true-up items ) Tax reserves ) Loss on expiration of capital loss carryover FTC Other FTC conversion true up ) 2017 Tax Act impact State taxes, net of federal benefit Global intangible low-taxed income Nondeductible officers compensation Irish corporation restructure Valuation allowance ) Effective tax rate ) 
 The undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries are considered to be indefinitely reinvested and accordingly, no provision for applicable income taxes has been provided thereon. Upon distribution of those earnings, we are subject to withholding taxes payable to various foreign countries. As of December 31, 2022, any foreign withholding taxes on the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries were immaterial. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

Gross increases for tax positions of prior years ) Gross decreases for federal tax rate change for tax positions of prior years Gross increases for tax positions of current year Settlements Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) Balance at end of year 
 The unrecognized tax benefits relate primarily to federal and state research and development credits, intercompany profit on the transfer of certain IP rights to one of our foreign subsidiaries as part of our tax reorganization completed in 2015 and withholding tax reserve. Based on our assessment of the developments in the Samsung case (South Korea withholding taxes) in October of 2021, we provided for an additional income tax expense of million in 2022. We also settled million previously accrued Samsung case liability in 2022. 
 We account for interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. As of December 31, 2021, we accrued million interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. As of December 31, 2022, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that would affect our effective tax rate, if recognized, was . 
 Because we have net operating loss and credit carryforwards, there are open statutes of limitations in which federal, state and foreign taxing authorities may examine our tax returns for all years from 2008 through the current period. 
 
 9. 
 Shares related to outstanding options, unvested RSUs, RSAs, PSUs and ESPP Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted 
 We include market condition-based performance restricted stock units in the calculation of diluted earnings per share if the performance condition has been satisfied as of the end of the reporting period and exclude stock equity awards if the performance condition has not been met. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, we had stock options, RSUs, PSUs and RSAs outstanding that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share in the future, but these were excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share because their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted stock units, restricted stock awards and market condition-based restricted stock units Total 

10. 
 Liabilities Operating lease liabilities - current Other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities - long-term Other long-term liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 Weighted average lease terms (in years) Weighted average discount rates N/A 
 On June 6, 2022, we entered into a sublease agreement with Innovobot Fund LLP Innovobot for our facility located in Montreal Canada (the "Montreal Facility"). This sublease commenced on June 8, 2022 and ends on February 27, 2024 which approximates the lease termination date of the original Montreal Facility lease. In accordance with provisions of ASC 842, we treated the sublease as a separate lease as we were not relieved of the primary obligation under the original lease. We continue to account for the original Montreal Facility, as a lessee, in the same manner as prior to the commencement date of the sublease. We accounted for the sublease as a lessor of the lease. We classified the sublease as an operating lease as it did not meet the criteria of a Sale-Type or Direct Financing lease. At the commencement date of the sublease, we recognized initial direct costs of . These deferred costs will be amortized over the term of the sublease payments. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 square feet of office space in Aventura, Florida Aventura Lease ). We use this facility as our principal executive offices and for general administrative functions. This lease commenced in the first quarter of 2022 and expires in the first quarter of 2024. We accounted for this lease as an operating lease in accordance with the provisions of ASC 842 Leases ASC 842 ). In the first quarter of 2022, we recorded a lease liability of million, which represents the present value of the lease payments using an estimated incremental borrowing rate of . We also recognized a right-to-use asset ("ROU") of million which represents our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term. 
 On March 12, 2020, we entered into a sublease agreement with Neato Robotics, Inc. Neato for our facility located in San Jose, California (the "San Jose Facility"). This sublease commenced in June 2020 and ends on April 30, 2023 which is the lease termination date of the original San Jose Facility lease. In accordance with provisions of ASC 842, we treated the sublease as a separate lease as we were not relieved of the primary obligation under the original lease. We continue to account for the original San Jose Facility, as a lessee, in the same manner as prior to the commencement date of the sublease. We accounted for the sublease as a lessor of the lease. We classified the sublease as an operating lease as it did not meet the criteria of a Sale-Type or Direct Financing lease. At the commencement date of the sublease, we recognized initial direct costs of million. These deferred costs will be amortized over the term of the sublease payments. As of December 31, 2022, the unamortized balance of the deferred costs are not material. 
 We recognize operating lease expense and lease payments from the sublease, on a straight-line basis, in our Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income over the lease terms. 
 Variable lease payments Sublease income ) ) Total lease cost (income) 
 2024 Total lease payments Less: Interest ) Total lease liability 
 2024 Total 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 Gaming Devices Automotive Other Total 
 Geographic Revenue 
 North America Europe Total 
 
 A summary of revenue by country as a percentage of total revenues are as follows: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Korea United States of America Japan Germany Other countries with less than 10 in a year Total 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 United States of America Rest of World Total 
 Significant Customers 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, three customers accounted for , and of our total revenue, respectively. In 2021, two customers accounted for and of our total revenues, respectively. 
 Customer B Customer C Customer D Customer E Customer F Represents less than 10 of our total accounts and other receivables. 

80 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Control and Procedures 
 Management s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Based on their evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as amended) as of December 31, 2022, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report for the purpose of ensuring that the information required to be disclosed by us in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is made known to them by others on a timely basis, and that the information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, in order to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, and that such information is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported by us within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and instructions for Form 10-K. 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within Immersion have been detected. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer and affected by our board of directors and management to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting was conducted using the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In performing the assessment, our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on these criteria. 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 There were no changes to internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 The SEC allows us to include information required in this report by referring to other documents or reports we have already or will soon be filing. This is called Incorporation by Reference . We intend to file our definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report, and certain information therein is incorporated in this report by reference. 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by Item 10 with respect to directors and executive officers is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled Election of Directors , Corporate Governance , Ownership of Our Equity Securities , and Audit Committee Report in Immersion s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 annual stockholders meeting. 
 Item 405 of Regulation S-K calls for disclosure of any known late filing or failure by an insider to file a report required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. To the extent disclosure for delinquent reports is being made, it can be found under the caption Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in Immersion s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 annual stockholders meeting and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 We have adopted a code of ethics applicable to our employees, including our principal executive, financial and accounting officers, and it is available free of charge, on our website s investor relations page. To view the code of ethics, go to ir.immersion.com, click on Download Library and click on Governance. Future amendments or waivers relating to the code of ethics will be disclosed on the webpage referenced in this paragraph within 4 business days following the date of such amendment or waiver. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled Election of Directors , Director Compensation , Corporate Governance , Compensation Discussion and Analysis , Compensation Committee Report , Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation , and Executive Compensation in Immersion s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 annual stockholders meeting. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 is incorporated by reference from the section entitled Ownership of Our Equity Securities and Equity Compensation Plan Information in Immersion s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 annual stockholders meeting. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 is incorporated by reference from the section entitled Corporate Governance and Related Person Transactions in Immersion s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 annual stockholders meeting. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 14 is incorporated by reference from the section entitled Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in Immersion s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 annual stockholders meeting. 

82 

Table of Contents 

 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form: 
 1 
 Financial Statements 
 
 Page 
 Report of Plante Moran, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 166 
 43 
 Report of Armanino LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 32) 
 46 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 49 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 50 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 52 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 54 
 
 2 
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 Schedules not listed above have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes herein. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 3 
 Exhibits: 
 
 The following exhibits are filed herewith: 

Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 
 Immersion Corporation Amended and Restated Bylaws, effective as of August 12, 2022 
 X 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Immersion Corporation 
 8-K 000-27969 3.1 June 7, 2017 3.3 
 Certificate of Designation of the Powers, Preferences and Rights of Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 
 8-K 000-27969 3.1 July 29, 2003 3.4 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations of Series B Participating Preferred Stock of Immersion Corporation 
 8-K 000-27969 3.1 November 17, 2021 4.1 
 Description of Securities 
 X 4.2 
 Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, dated as of November 17, 2021, by and between Immersion Corporation and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as Rights Agent. 
 8-K 000-27969 4.1 November 17, 2021 10.1 
 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and form of subscription agreement thereunder 
 S-1/A 333-86361 10.21 October 5, 1999 10.2 
 # License Agreement dated as of July 25, 2003 by and between Microsoft Corporation and Immersion Corporation 
 S-3/A 333-108607 10.4 February 13, 2004 10.3 
 Form of Indemnity Agreemen t 
 X 10.4 
 Immersion Corporation 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended April 24, 2019 
 8-K 001-38334 10.1 June 18, 2019 10.5 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement for Immersion Corporation 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-8 333-233353 4.4 August1, 2019, 10.6 
 Form of Award Agreement (Restricted Stock Units) to the Immersion Corporation 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10-Q 000-27969 10.3 August 5, 2011 10.7 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Immersion Corporation 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-8 333-233353 4.6 August 19, 2011 10.8 
 Form of Award Agreement (Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units) to the Immersion Corporation 2011 Equity Incentive 
 10-K 000-38334 10.14 March 5, 2021 10.9 
 Amended and Restated Immersion Corporation 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (effective January 20, 2023) 
 X 10.10 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement for Immersion Corporation 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10-K 000-38334 10.13 February 25, 2022 10.11 
 Form of Award Agreement (Restricted Stock Units) to the Immersion Corporation 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 X 10.12 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for Immersion Corporation 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 X 10.13 
 Form of Amendment to Award Agreement (Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units) to the Immersion Corporation 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 X 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 10.14 
 Office Lease between Carr NP Properties, L.L.C., and Immersion Corporation dated September 15, 2011. 
 10-Q 000-27969 10.2 November 7, 2011 10.15 
 First Amendment to Office Lease dated November 12, 2014 by and between Immersion Corporation and BSREP Rio Robles LLC 
 8-K 000-27969 10.1 November 14, 2014 10.16 
 Sublease, dated March 12, 2020, by and between Immersion Corporation and Neato Robotics, Inc. 
 10-Q 001-38334 10.3 May 8, 2020 10.17 
 First Amendment to Sublease, dated May 1, 2020, by and between Immersion Corporation and Neato Robotics, Inc. 
 10-Q 001-38334 10.1 May 8, 2020 10.18 
 Office Lease, dated as of February 23, 2020, between 330 Townsend (SF) Owner, LLC and Immersion Corporation 
 10-Q 001-38334 10.4 May 8, 2020 10.19 
 Lease Agreement, dated January 26, 2022, by and between Immersion Corporation and COFE CIX Aventura, LLC 
 10-K 001-38334 10.27 February 25, 2022 10.20 
 # Settlement and License Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2018, by and between Immersion Corporation and Apple Inc. 
 10-Q/A 001-38334 10.2 July 31, 2018 10.21 
 Settlement and License Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2019, by and between Immersion Corporation and Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd 
 10-Q 001-38334 10.1 August 14, 2019 10.22 
 Form of Change of Control and Severance Agreement 
 8-K 001-38334 10.2 May 25, 2022 10.23 
 Change of Control and Severance Agreement, dated May 26, 2022, by and between Immersion Corporation and Eric Singer 
 10-Q 001-38334 10.1 November 14, 2022 10.24 
 Amended and Restated Change of Control and Severance Agreement, dated January 3, 2023, between Immersion Corporation and Eric Singer 
 8-K 001-38334 10.2 May 27, 2022 10.25 
 Offer Letter, dated December 30, 2022, between Immersion Corporation and Eric Singer 
 8-K 001-38334 10.1 January 3, 2023 10.26 
 Summary of Compensation Information of William Martin, the Company s Chief Strategy Officer 
 X 10.27 
 Change of Control and Severance Agreement, dated May 26, 2022, by and between Immersion Corporation and William C. Martin 
 10-Q 001-38334 10.2 November 14, 2022 10.28 
 Change of Control and Severance Agreement, dated May 26, 2022, by and between the Company and Francis Jose 
 10-Q 001-38334 10.3 November 14, 2022 10.29 
 Summary of Compensation Information of Francis Jose, General Counsel 
 X 10.30 
 Offer Letter, dated as of December 2, 2019, by and between Immersion Corporation and Aaron Akerman 
 10-K 001-38334 10.21 March 6, 2020 10.31 
 Retention and Ownership Change Event Agreement, effective as of December 11, 2019, by and between Immersion Corporation and Aaron Akerman, as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 dated February 27, 2020. 
 X 10.32 
 Summary of Compensation Information of Aaron Akerman, Chief Financial Officer 
 X 10.33 
 Description of 2022 Executive Bonus Plan 
 X 10.34 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated as of July 6, 2021, by and between Immersion Corporation and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC 
 8-K 001-38334 1.1 July 6, 2021 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Immersion Corporation. 
 X 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 23.1 
 Consent of Armanino LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, with respect to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
 X 23.2 
 Consent of Plante and Moran, PLLC, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, with respect to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 X 31.1 
 Certification of Francis Jose, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 
 Certification of Aaron Akerman, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 
 + Certification of Francis Jose, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.2 
 + Certification of Aaron Akerman, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 101.INS XBRL Report Instance Document X 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 + Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) X 
 # Confidential treatment has been granted for portions of this exhibit by the SEC. 
 Constitutes a management contract or compensatory plan. 
 + This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Exchange Act, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act, as amended, or the Exchange Act, as amended. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Date: February 22, 2023 
 IMMERSION CORPORATION By / S / AARON AKERMAN 
 Aaron Akerman Chief Financial Officer 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Eric Singer and Aaron Akerman, jointly and severally, his or her his Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Name 
 Title 
 Date 
 / S / ERIC SINGER 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 February 22, 2023 Eric Singer 
 / S / AARON AKERMAN 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer) 
 February 22, 2023 Aaron Akerman 
 / S /WILLIAM C. MARTIN 
 Chief Strategy Officer and Director 
 February 22, 2023 William C. Martin 
 / S / SUMIT AGARWAL 
 Director 
 February 22, 2023 Sumit Agarwal 
 / S / ELIAS NADER 
 Director 
 February 22, 2023 Elias Nader / S / FREDERICK WASCH 
 Director 
 February 22, 2023 Frederick Wasch 

87 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 immr12312022form10-kex31.htm
 EX-3.1

Document 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 
 OF 
 IMMERSION CORPORATION 
 (A Delaware Corporation) 
 As amended and restated on and with effect from August 12, 2022 

4855-6872-5034.v4 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page 

ARTICLE I STOCKHOLDERS 1 
 Section 1.1 Annual Meeting 1 
 Section 1.2 Notice of Meetings 1 
 Section 1.3 Quorum 2 
 Section 1.4 Postponement and Cancellation of Meetings 2 
 Section 1.5 Organization and Conduct of the Stockholders Meeting 2 
 Section 1.6 Introduction of Business at a Meeting of Stockholders 3 
 Section 1.7 Proxies and Voting 10 
 Section 1.8 Stock List 11 
 Section 1.9 Meetings by Remote Communication 11 
 Section 1.10 Special Meetings 11 
 Section 1.11 Record Date 15 
 Section 1.12 Inspectors of Election 16 
 ARTICLE II BOARD OF DIRECTORS 16 
 Section 2.1 General Powers 16 
 Section 2.2 Number and Term of Office 17 
 Section 2.3 Vacancies and Newly Created Directorships 17 
 Section 2.4 Resignation 17 
 Section 2.5 Regular Meetings 17 
 Section 2.6 Special Meetings 17 
 Section 2.7 Notice of Special Meetings 17 
 Section 2.8 Quorum 18 
 Section 2.9 Participation in Meetings by Conference Telephone 18 
 Section 2.10 Action at Meeting 18 
 Section 2.11 Action by Written Consent 18 
 Section 2.12 Powers 18 
 Section 2.13 Compensation of Directors 19 
 Section 2.14 Nomination of Director Candidates 19 
 ARTICLE III COMMITTEES 24 
 Section 3.1 Committees of the Board of Directors 24 
 Section 3.2 Conduct of Business 25 
 ARTICLE IV OFFICERS 25 
 Section 4.1 Generally 25 
 Section 4.2 Chairman of the Board 25 
 -i- 

4855-6872-5034.v4 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 (continued) 
 Page 

Section 4.3 President 25 
 Section 4.4 Vice President 26 
 Section 4.5 Treasurer 26 
 Section 4.6 Secretary 26 
 Section 4.7 Delegation of Authority 26 
 Section 4.8 Removal 26 
 Section 4.9 Action With Respect to Securities of Other Corporations 26 
 ARTICLE V STOCK 26 
 Section 5.1 Certificates of Stock 26 
 Section 5.2 Transfers 27 
 Section 5.3 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates 27 
 Section 5.4 Regulations 27 
 ARTICLE VI NOTICES 27 
 Section 6.1 Notices 27 
 Section 6.2 Waiver of Notice 28 
 ARTICLE VII MISCELLANEOUS 28 
 Section 7.1 Facsimile Signatures 28 
 Section 7.2 Corporate Seal 28 
 Section 7.3 Reliance Upon Books, Reports and Records 28 
 Section 7.4 Fiscal Year 28 
 Section 7.5 Time Periods 28 
 Section 7.6 Certificate of Incorporation 29 
 Section 7.7 Severability 29 
 ARTICLE VIII INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 29 
 Section 8.1 Right to Indemnification 29 
 Section 8.2 Right of Claimant to Bring Suit 30 
 Section 8.3 Non-Exclusivity of Rights 30 
 Section 8.4 Indemnification Contracts 30 
 Section 8.5 Insurance 30 
 Section 8.6 Effect of Amendment 30 
 ARTICLE IX AMENDMENTS 30 
 Section 9.1 Amendment of Bylaws 30 
 -ii- 

4855-6872-5034.v4 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF 
 IMMERSION CORPORATION 
 A DELAWARE CORPORATION 
 As amended and restated on and with effect from August 12, 2022 
 ARTICLE I STOCKHOLDERS 
 Section 1.1 Annual Meeting . An annual meeting of the stockholders, for the election of directors to succeed those whose terms expire at such meeting (or, if fewer, the number of directors properly nominated and qualified for election) and for the transaction of such other business as may properly come before the meeting, shall be held at such place (within or without the State of Delaware), on such date (which date shall not be a legal holiday in the place where the meeting is to be held), and at such time as shall be designated from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors (the Board adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships at the time such resolution is presented to the Board for adoption) and stated in the notice of meeting. The Board may, in its sole discretion, determine that an annual meeting shall not be held at any place, but shall instead be held solely by means of remote communication as provided under the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL and in Section 1.9 below. 
 Section 1.2 Notice of Meetings . 
 (a) Written or electronic notice of the place, date, and time of all meetings of the stockholders shall be given, not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) calendar days before the date on which the meeting is to be held, to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting, except as otherwise provided herein or required by law (meaning, here and hereinafter, as required from time to time by the DGCL or the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation). 
 (b) When a meeting is adjourned to another place, date or time, written notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the place, date and time thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken provided, however, that if the date of any adjourned meeting is more than thirty (30) calendar days after the date for which the meeting was originally noticed, or if a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, written notice of the place, date, and time of the adjourned meeting shall be given in conformity herewith. At any adjourned meeting, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the original meeting. 
 (c) Notice to stockholders may be given by personal delivery, mail, or, with the consent of the stockholder entitled to receive notice, by facsimile or other means of electronic transmission. If mailed, such notice shall be delivered by postage prepaid envelope directed to each stockholder at such stockholder s address as it appears in the records of the Corporation and shall be deemed given when deposited in the United States mail. Notice given by electronic transmission pursuant to this subsection shall be deemed given (1) if by facsimile telecommunication, when directed to a facsimile telecommunication number at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice (2) if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice (3) if by posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to the stockholder of such specific 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

posting, upon the later of (A) such posting and (B) the giving of such separate notice and (4) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder. Notice given by electronic transmission shall only be valid if it complies with Section 232 of the DGCL. In accordance with Section 222 of the DGCL, an affidavit of the secretary or an assistant secretary or of the transfer agent or other agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given by personal delivery, by mail, or by a form of electronic transmission shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. 
 (d) Notice of any meeting of stockholders need not be given to any stockholder if waived by such stockholder either in a writing signed by such stockholder or by electronic transmission, whether such waiver is given before or after such meeting is held. If such a waiver is given by electronic transmission, the electronic transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information from which it can be determined that the electronic transmission was authorized by the stockholder. 
 Section 1.3 Quorum . At any meeting of the stockholders, the holders of a majority of all of the shares of the stock entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for all purposes, unless or except to the extent that the presence of a larger number may be required by law. 
 If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting, the chairman of the meeting or the holders of a majority of the shares of stock entitled to vote who are present, in person or by proxy, may adjourn the meeting to another place, date, or time. 
 If a notice of any adjourned special meeting of stockholders is sent to all stockholders entitled to vote thereat, stating that it will be held with those present constituting a quorum, then except as otherwise required by law, those present at such adjourned meeting shall constitute a quorum, and all matters shall be determined by a majority of the votes cast at such meeting. 
 Section 1.4 Postponement and Cancellation of Meetings . Any previously scheduled annual or special meeting of the stockholders may be postponed, and any previously scheduled annual or special meeting of the stockholders called by the Board may be canceled, by resolution of the Board upon public notice given prior to the time previously scheduled for such meeting of stockholders. 
 Section 1.5 Organization and Conduct of the Stockholders Meeting . 
 (a) At every meeting of the stockholders, the Chairman, if there is such an officer, or if not, such person who is designated by the Board, shall act as Chairman and shall call all meetings to order. The Secretary shall act as secretary of all meetings of the stockholders and in the absence of the Secretary, an Assistant Secretary, if any, shall act as secretary of such meeting of the stockholders and in the absence of the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary, the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. 
 (b) To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Board shall be entitled to adopt, or in the absence of the Board doing so, the chairman of the meeting shall be entitled to prescribe, such rules, regulations or procedures for the conduct of meetings of stockholders as it, he or she shall deem appropriate. Such rules, regulations and procedures that the Board or the chairman of any meeting of stockholders may adopt include, without limitation (1) establishing an agenda for the meeting and the order for the consideration of the items of business on such agenda, (2) restricting admission to the time set for the commencement of the meeting, (3) limiting attendance at the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation entitled to vote at the meeting, their duly authorized proxies or other such persons as the 
 2 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

chairman of the meeting may determine, (4) limiting participation at the meeting on any matter to stockholders of record of the Corporation entitled to vote on such matter, their duly authorized proxies or other such persons as the chairman of the meeting may determine to recognize and, as a condition to recognizing any such participant, requiring such participant to provide the chairman of the meeting with evidence of his or her name and affiliation, whether he or she is a stockholder or a proxy for a stockholder, and the class and series and number of shares of each class and series of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially and or of record by such stockholder, (5) limiting the time allotted to questions or comments by participants, (6) taking such actions as are necessary or appropriate to maintain order, decorum, safety and security at the meeting, (7) removing any stockholder who refuses to comply with meeting procedures, rules or guidelines as established by the chairman of the meeting, (8) complying with any state and local laws and regulations concerning safety and security, (9) restrict use of audio or video recording devices at the meeting, and (10) taking such other action as, in the discretion of the chairman of the meeting, is deemed necessary, appropriate or convenient for the proper conduct of the meeting. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board or the chair of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with rules of parliamentary procedure. The Chairman shall also conduct the meeting in an orderly manner, rule on the precedence of and procedure on, motions and other procedural matters, and exercise discretion with respect to such procedural matters with fairness and good faith toward all those entitled to take part. Should any person in attendance become unruly or obstruct the meeting proceedings, the Chairman shall have the power to have such person removed from participation. Notwithstanding anything in the Bylaws to the contrary, no business shall be conducted at a meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.5 and Section 1.6, below. The Chairman of a meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting and in accordance with the provisions of this Section 1.5 and Section 1.6, and if he should so determine, he shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted. 
 Section 1.6 Introduction of Business at a Meeting of Stockholders . 
 (a) Business Before Annual Meeting . Except as otherwise provided by law, at an annual meeting of stockholders, no business shall be transacted and no corporate action shall be proposed or taken except as shall have been properly brought before the annual meeting in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation and these Bylaws. The only means by which business may be properly brought before an annual meeting are if such business is (i) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board (or any duly authorized committee thereof), (ii) if not specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) provided by or at the direction of the Board, otherwise properly brought before the annual meeting by or at the direction of the Board (or any duly authorized committee of the Board), or (iii) brought before the annual meeting by a stockholder Present in Person (as defined below) who (A) was the beneficial owner of shares of the Corporation s stock entitled to vote at the meeting as of the time of giving the Proposal Notice (as defined below), on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the annual meeting and as of the time of the annual meeting, (B) is entitled to vote at such annual meeting, and (C) has complied with this Section 1.6 in all applicable respects. For purposes of these Bylaws, Present in Person shall mean that the stockholder proposing that the business be brought before the annual meeting of the Corporation, or, if the proposing stockholder is not an individual, a qualified representative of such proposing stockholder, appear at such annual meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, stockholders seeking to nominate persons to serve on the Board must comply with Section 2.14 of these Bylaws and this Section 1.6 shall not be applicable to the nominations of directors. For purposes of these Bylaws, qualified representative means (i) if the stockholder is a corporation, any duly authorized officer of such corporation, (ii) if the 
 3 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

stockholder is a limited liability company, any duly authorized member, manager or officer of such limited liability company, (iii) if the stockholder is a partnership, any general partner or person who functions as general partner for such partnership, (iv) if the stockholder is a trust, the trustee of such trust, or (v) if the stockholder is an entity other than the foregoing, the persons acting in such similar capacities as the foregoing with respect to such entity. 
 (b) Advance Notice of Stockholder Business. 
 (1) Stockholder Proposals . Except with respect to nominations for election to the Board, which must be made in compliance with the provisions of Section 2.14 of these Bylaws, and except for a stockholder proposal properly made in accordance with Rule 14a-8 (and the interpretations thereunder) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and included in the notice of meeting given by or at the direction of the Board (or any duly authorized committee thereof) and the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, and in addition to any other applicable requirements pursuant to the Exchange Act, for a proposal to be properly brought before any annual meeting of stockholders by a stockholder, in addition to the requirements of Section 1.6(a) of these Bylaws, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation (the Proposal Notice ), which Proposal Notice shall be in proper form, and the making of such proposal must be permitted by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation and these Bylaws, and must comply with the notice and other procedures set forth in this Section 1.6(b) in all applicable respects. To be timely, the Proposal Notice must be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal office of the Corporation not less than one hundred twenty (120) calendar days in advance of the first anniversary of the date that the Corporation s (or the Corporation s predecessor s) proxy statement was first made publicly available to stockholders in connection with the previous year s annual meeting of stockholders, provided , however , that in the event that the date of the annual meeting of stockholders is more than thirty (30) calendar days before the first anniversary date of the previous year s annual meeting, or if the Corporation did not hold an annual meeting of stockholders or special meeting in lieu thereof in the preceding calendar year , notice by the stockholders to be timely must be received not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) calendar day following the day on which the date of the annual meeting is publicly disclosed . In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. For purposes of these Bylaws, public disclosure or its corollary publicly disclosed shall mean (i) disclosure by the Corporation in a document filed or furnished by it with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), (ii) in a press release issued by the Corporation and distributed through a national news or wire service, or (iii) another method reasonably intended by the Corporation to achieve broad-based dissemination of the information contained therein. 
 (2) Required Form of Proposal Notice for Stockholder Proposals . To be in proper form, the Proposal Notice shall set forth in writing 
 (A) Information Regarding the Proposing Person . As to each Proposing Person (as such term is defined in Section 1.6(b)(5)) 
 i. the name and address of such Proposing Person, as they appear on the Corporation s stock transfer books 
 ii. the class, series and number of shares of the Corporation directly or indirectly beneficially owned (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) and or held of record by such Proposing Person (including any shares of any 
 4 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

class or series of the Corporation as to which such Proposing Person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time in the future, whether such right is exercisable immediately, only after the passage of time or only upon the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent) 
 iii. a description in reasonable detail of any pending, or to such Proposing Person s knowledge, threatened legal proceeding in which any Proposing Person is a party or participant involving the Corporation or any officer, director affiliate (for purposes of these Bylaws, as such term is used by Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) or associate (for purposes of these Bylaws, as such term is used by Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) of the Corporation 
 iv. a description in reasonable detail of any relationship (including any direct or indirect interest in any agreement, arrangement or understanding, written or oral) between any Proposing Person and the Corporation or any director, officer, affiliate or associate of the Corporation 
 v. the full notional amount of any securities that, directly or indirectly, underlie any derivative security (as such term is defined in Rule 16a-1(c) under the Exchange Act) that constitutes a call equivalent position (as such term is defined in Rule 16a-1(b) under the Exchange Act) (together, a Synthetic Equity Position and that is, directly or indirectly, held or maintained by such Proposing Person with respect to any shares of any class or series of shares of the Corporation provided that, for the purposes of the definition of Synthetic Equity Position , the term derivative security shall also include any security or instrument that would not otherwise constitute a derivative security (as such term is defined in Rule 16a-1(c) under the Exchange Act) as a result of any feature that would make any conversion, exercise or similar right or privilege of such security or instrument becoming determinable only at some future date or upon the happening of a future occurrence, in which case the determination of the amount of securities into which such security or instrument would be convertible or exercisable shall be made assuming that such security or instrument is immediately convertible or exercisable at the time of such determination and, provided, further, that any Proposing Person satisfying the requirements of Rule 13d-1(b)(1) under the Exchange Act (other than a Proposing Person that so satisfies Rule 13d-1(b)(1) under the Exchange Act solely by reason of Rule 13d-1(b)(1)(ii)(E)) shall not be deemed to hold or maintain the notional amount of any securities that underlie a Synthetic Equity Position held by such Proposing Person as a hedge with respect to a bona fide derivatives trade or position of such Proposing Person arising in the ordinary course of such Proposing Person s business as a derivatives dealer 
 vi. a description in reasonable detail of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock) that has been made by or on behalf of such Proposing Person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk of stock price changes for, any Proposing Person or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such Proposing Person or any of its affiliates or associates with respect to stock of the Corporation 
 vii. a description in reasonable detail of any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship, written or oral and formal or informal, between such Proposing Person and any other person or entity (naming each such person or entity) pursuant to which the Proposing Person has a right to vote any shares of the Corporation 
 viii. a description in reasonable detail of any rights to dividends on the shares of any class or series of shares of the Corporation directly or indirectly 
 5 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

held of record or beneficially by such Proposing Person that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation 
 ix. a description in reasonable detail of any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) to which the Proposing Person may be entitled as a result of any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation or any of its derivative securities 
 x. a description in reasonable detail of any direct or indirect interest of such Proposing Person in any contract or agreement with the Corporation, or any affiliate or associate of the Corporation (naming such affiliate or associate), or with any principal competitor of the Corporation or any affiliate or associate of such competitor 
 xi. a description in reasonable detail of any direct or indirect interest of such Proposing Person that is or may reasonably be considered to be competitive or in conflict with the Corporation, or any affiliate or associate of the Corporation (naming such affiliate or associate) 
 xii. a description of, including the class, series and number of, shares of (including any Synthetic Equity Position held in) any principal competitor of the Corporation directly or indirectly beneficially owned (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) and or held of record by such Proposing Person (including any shares of any class or series of any such principal competitor of the Corporation as to which such Proposing Person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time in the future, whether such right is exercisable immediately, only after the passage of time or only upon the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent) 
 xiii. a description in reasonable detail of all agreements, arrangements and understandings, written or oral and formal or informal, (1) between or among any of the Proposing Persons or (2) between or among any Proposing Person and any other person or entity (naming each such person or entity) in connection with or related to the proposal of business by a stockholder, including without limitation (A) any understanding, formal or informal, written or oral, that any Proposing Person may have reached with any stockholder of the Corporation (naming each such stockholder) with respect to how such stockholder will vote its shares in the Corporation at any meeting of the Corporation s stockholders or take other action in support of or related to any business proposed, or other action to be taken, by the Proposing Person, and (B) any agreements that would be required to be disclosed by any Proposing Person or any other person or entity pursuant to Item 5 or Item 6 of a Schedule 13D that would be filed pursuant to the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (regardless of whether the requirement to file a Schedule 13D is applicable to the Proposing Person or other person or entity) 
 xiv. the investment strategy or objective, if any, of such Proposing Person who is not an individual and a copy of the prospectus, offering memorandum or similar document, if any, provided to investors or potential investors in each such Proposing Person 
 xv. all other information relating to such Proposing Person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made by any Proposing Person in connection with the contested solicitation of proxies by any Proposing Person in support of the business proposed to be brought before the meeting pursuant to Section 14(a) and Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act 
 6 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

xvi. a representation as to whether the stockholder or any Proposing Person intends to deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation s outstanding capital stock entitled to vote and required to approve the proposed business described in the Proposal Notice and, if so, identifying each such Proposing Person and 
 xvii. a representation that the stockholder or its qualified representative intends to appear in person at the meeting to propose the actions specified in the Proposal Notice and to vote all proxies solicited. 
 (B) Information Regarding the Proposal As to each item of business that the stockholder giving the Proposal Notice proposes to bring before the annual meeting 
 i. a description in reasonable detail of the business desired to be brought before the meeting and the reasons (including the text of any reasons for the business that will be disclosed in any proxy statement or supplement thereto to be filed with the SEC) detailing why such stockholder or any other Proposing Person believes that the taking of the action or actions proposed to be taken would be in the best interests of the Corporation and its stockholders 
 ii. the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration) 
 iii. a description in reasonable detail of any interest of any Proposing Person in such business, including any anticipated benefit to the stockholder or any other Proposing Person therefrom, including any interest that will be disclosed to the Corporation s stockholders in any proxy statement to be distributed to the Corporation s stockholders) and 
 iv. all other information relating to such proposed business that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made by any of the Proposing Persons in connection with the solicitation of proxies in support of such proposed business by one or more Proposing Persons pursuant to Section 14(a) and Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 (3) Updating of Proposal Notice . 
 (A) A stockholder providing notice of any business proposed to be conducted at an annual meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, as necessary, from time to time, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 1.6(b) shall be true, correct and complete in all respects, and such update and supplement shall be received by the Secretary of the Corporation not later than the earlier of (A) five (5) business days following the occurrence of any event, development or occurrence which would cause the information provided to be not true, correct and complete in all respects, and (B) five (5) business days prior to the meeting at which such proposals contained therein are to be considered, a nd, in the event of any adjournment or postponement thereof, five (5) business days prior to such adjourned or postponed meeting. 
 (B) If the information submitted pursuant to this Section 1.6(b) by any stockholder proposing business for consideration at an annual meeting shall not be true, correct and complete in all respects, such information may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 1.6(b). For the avoidance of doubt, the updates required pursuant 
 7 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

to this Section 1.6(b) do not cause a notice that was not in compliance with this Section 1.6(b) when first delivered to the Corporation to thereafter be in proper form in accordance with this Section 1.6. 
 (C) Upon written request by the Secretary of the Corporation, the Board or any duly authorized committee thereof, any stockholder proposing business for consideration at an annual meeting shall provide, within five (5) business days of delivery of such request (or such other period as may be specified in such request), written verification, satisfactory in the reasonable discretion of the Board, any duly authorized committee thereof or any duly authorized officer of the Corporation, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 1.6(b). If a stockholder fails to provide such written verification within such period, the information as to which written verification was requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 1.6(b). 
 (4) Exclusive Means . Except as provided by Rule 14a-8 (and the interpretations thereof) of the Exchange Act, and notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary (other than the provisions of Section 1.6(b)(9) below relating to any proposal properly made in accordance with Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act and included in the Corporation s proxy statement and other than nominations for election to the Board which must comply with the provisions of Section 2.14 hereof) this Section 1.6 shall be the exclusive means for any stockholder of the Corporation to propose business to be brought before an annual meeting of stockholders. If the chairman of such meeting shall determine, based on the facts and circumstances and in consultation with counsel (who may be the Corporation s internal counsel), that such business was not properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder in accordance with this Section 1.6, then the chairman of the meeting shall so declare to the meeting and not permit such business to be transacted at such meeting. In addition, business proposed to be brought by a stockholder may not be brought before an annual meeting if such stockholder takes action contrary to the representations made in the stockholder notice applicable to such business or if the stockholder notice applicable to such business contains an untrue statement of a fact or omits to state a fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. 
 (5) Definitions of Proposing Person and Acting in Concert . 
 (A) For purposes of these Bylaws, Proposing Person means (i) the stockholder providing the Proposal Notice or Nominating Notice (as defined below), as applicable, (ii) the beneficial owner of the Corporation s capital stock, if different, on whose behalf the Proposal Notice or Nominating Notice, as applicable, is given, (iii) any affiliate or associate of such stockholder or beneficial owner under the Exchange Act, (iv) each other person who is the member of a group (for purposes of these Bylaws, as such term is used in Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) with any such stockholder or beneficial owner or is otherwise Acting in Concert (as defined below) with any such stockholder or beneficial owner with respect to the proposal or nominations, as applicable, and (v) any participant (as defined in paragraphs (a)(ii)-(vi) of Instruction 3 to Item 4 of Schedule 14A, or any successor instructions) with such stockholder or beneficial owner in such solicitation of proxies in respect of any such proposals or nomination, as applicable. 
 (B) For purposes of these Bylaws, a person shall be deemed to be Acting in Concert with another person if such person knowingly acts (whether or not pursuant to an express agreement, arrangement or understanding) in concert with, or towards a common goal relating to the management, governance or control of the Corporation in parallel with, such other person where (A) each person is conscious of the other person s conduct or intent and this awareness is an element in their decision-making processes and (B) at least one additional factor suggests that such persons intend to act in concert or in parallel, which such 
 8 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

additional factors may include, without limitation, exchanging information (whether publicly or privately), attending meetings, conducting discussions, or making or soliciting invitations to act in concert or in parallel provided, that a person shall not be deemed to be Acting in Concert with any other person solely as a result of the solicitation or receipt of revocable proxies from such other person in response to a solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act by way of a proxy statement filed on Schedule 14A. A person Acting in Concert with another person shall be deemed to be Acting in Concert with any third party who is also Acting in Concert with such other person. 
 (6) No Incorporation by Reference . For a Proposal Notice to comply with the requirements of this Section 1.6, it must set forth in writing directly within the body (as opposed to being incorporated by reference from any other document or writing) of the Proposal Notice all the information required to be included therein as set forth in this Section 1.6. For the avoidance of doubt, a Proposal Notice shall not be deemed to be in compliance with this Section 1.6 if it attempts to include the required disclosures by reference to any other document or writing where such disclosures may be included, including, but not limited to, any filing with the SEC. 
 (7) Accuracy of Information. A stockholder submitting the Proposal Notice, by its delivery to the Corporation, represents and warrants that all information contained therein is true, accurate and complete in all respects, contains no false and misleading statements and such stockholder acknowledges that it intends for the Corporation and the Board to rely on such information as being true, accurate and complete in all respects, without regard to what other information may be publicly available but not contained in the Proposal Notice. 
 (8) Requirement for Separate and Timely Notice . Notwithstanding any notice of the annual meeting sent to stockholders on behalf of the Corporation, a stockholder must separately comply with this Section 1.6 to conduct business at any stockholder meeting. If the stockholder s proposed business is the same or relates to business brought by the Corporation and included in the Corporation s annual meeting notice, the stockholder is nevertheless still required to comply with this Section 1.6 and give its own separate and timely Proposal Notice to the Secretary of the Corporation which complies in all respects with the requirements of this Section 1.6. 
 (9) Rule 14a-8. Nothing in this Section 1.6 shall be deemed to affect the rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to, and in compliance with, Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act. 
 (10) Exchange Act and the DGCL . In addition to the provisions of this Section 1.6(b), a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the DGCL with respect to any stockholder proposal and the business that may be brought thereunder, before an annual meeting. 
 (11) White Proxy Card . Any Proposing Person or any person or entity acting on behalf of a Proposing Person directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other shareholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the Corporation s Board of Directors. 
 Section 1.7 Proxies and Voting . At any meeting of the stockholders, every stockholder entitled to vote may vote in person or by proxy authorized by an instrument in writing or by an electronic transmission permitted by law (which shall include telegraphing, cabling or other means of electronically transmitted written copy which sets forth or is submitted with information from which it can be determined that the telegram, cablegram, or other means 
 9 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

of electronic transmission was duly authorized by the person) filed in accordance with the procedures established for the meeting, and executed by the stockholder himself or herself or by his or her duly authorized attorney-in-fact. No proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three (3) years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. The revocability of a proxy that states on its face that it is irrevocable shall be governed by the provisions of Section 212 of the DGCL. Any person or entity who attempts to vote the shares of a stockholder pursuant to a proxy that states that it is irrevocable must, at the time such person or entity submits a proxy to vote such shares, deliver to the Secretary of the Corporation (i) documentary evidence or other proof demonstrating that such proxy is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power within the meaning of Section 212(e) of the DGCL and (ii) a representation that such proxy will continue to be coupled with such an interest at the time such shares are voted at the meeting. If (x) any such person or entity fails to provide such documentary evidence or other proof or to make the representation required by this Section 1.7 in the manner specified herein, or (y) the Board determines in good faith that the evidence or other proof so furnished is insufficient to demonstrate that such person or entity has an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power, the Corporation shall not be required to recognize such person or entity as the holder or an irrevocable proxy. 
 Each stockholder shall have one vote for every share of stock entitled to vote which is registered in his or her name on the record date for the meeting, except as otherwise provided herein or required by law. 
 All voting, including on the election of directors but excepting where otherwise required by law, may be by a voice vote provided, however, that upon demand therefor by a stockholder entitled to vote or his or her proxy, a stock vote shall be taken. Every stock vote shall be taken by ballots, each of which shall state the name of the stockholder or proxy voting and such other information as may be required under the procedure established for the meeting. Every vote taken by ballots shall be counted by an inspector or inspectors of election appointed by the chairman of the meeting. The Board, in its discretion, or the officer of the Corporation presiding at a meeting of stockholders, in his or her discretion, may require that any votes cast at a meeting of stockholders shall be cast by written ballot. 
 All elections of directors shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast, and except as otherwise required by law, all other matters shall be determined by a vote of the majority of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon. 
 Section 1.8 Stockholder List . A complete list of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders, arranged in alphabetical order for each class of stock and showing the address of each such stockholder and the number of shares registered in his or her name, shall be open to the examination of any such stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours for a period of at least ten (10) calendar days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. 
 The stock list shall also be kept at the place of the meeting during the whole time thereof and shall be open to the examination of any such stockholder who is present. This list shall presumptively determine the identity of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and the number of shares held by each of them. 
 Section 1.9 Meetings by Remote Communication . If authorized by the Board, and subject to such guidelines and procedures as the Board may adopt, stockholders and proxy holders not physically present at a meeting of stockholders may, by means of remote communication, participate in the meeting and be deemed present in person and vote at the 
 10 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

meeting, whether such meeting is to be held at a designated place or solely by means of remote communication, provided that (i) the Corporation shall implement reasonable measures to verify that each person deemed present and permitted to vote at the meeting by means of remote communication is a stockholder or proxy holder, (ii) the Corporation shall implement reasonable measures to provide such stockholders and proxy holders a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the stockholders, including an opportunity to read or hear the proceedings of the meeting substantially concurrently with such proceedings, and (iii) if any stockholder or proxy holder votes or takes other action at the meeting by means of remote communication, a record of such vote or other action shall be maintained by the Corporation. 
 Section 1.10 Special Meetings . 
 (a) Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may only be called (i) at any time and for any purpose or purposes, by the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships at the time any such resolution is presented to the Board for adoption), or by the Chairman of the Board, or (ii) by the Secretary of the Corporation, upon the written request of the record stockholders of the Corporation as of the record date fixed in accordance with Section 1.10(d) of these Bylaws who hold, in the aggregate, at least ten percent (10 of the outstanding shares of the Corporation that would be entitled to vote at the meeting (the Requisite Percentage at the time such request is submitted by the holders of such Requisite Percentage, subject to and in accordance with this Section 1.10. The notice of a special meeting shall state the purpose or purposes of the special meeting, and the business to be conducted at the special meeting shall be limited to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice. Except in accordance with this Section 1.10, stockholders shall not be permitted to propose business to be brought before a special meeting of the stockholders. Stockholders who nominate persons for election to the Board at a special meeting must also comply with the requirements set forth in Section 2.14(c). 
 (b) No stockholder may request that the Secretary of the Corporation call a special meeting of the stockholders pursuant to Section 1.10(a) (a Stockholder Requested Special Meeting unless a stockholder of record of the Corporation has first submitted a request in writing that the Board fix a record date (a Request Record Date for the purpose of determining the stockholders entitled to request that the Secretary of the Corporation call a Stockholder Requested Special Meeting, which request shall be in proper form and delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation. 
 (c) To be in proper form for purposes of this Section 1.10, a request by a stockholder for the Board to fix a Request Record Date shall set forth 
 (1) As to each Requesting Person (as defined below), (A) the information required by Section 1.6(b)(2)(A), except that for purposes of this Section 1.10 the term Requesting Person shall be substituted for the term Proposing Person in all places it appears in Section 1.6(b)(2)(A) (B) a representation that such Requesting Person intends to hold the shares of the Corporation described in response to Section 1.6(b)(2)(A) through the date of the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting and (C) the disclosure in clause (xi) of Section 1.6(b)(2)(A) shall be made with respect to the business proposed to be conducted at the special meeting or the proposed election of directors at the special meeting, as the case may be) 
 (A) As to the purpose or purposes of the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting, (A) a reasonably brief description of (1) the specific purpose or purposes of the 
 11 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

Stockholder Requested Special Meeting, (2) the matter(s) proposed to be acted on at the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting, and (3) the reasons for conducting such business at the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting (including the text of any reasons for the business that will be disclosed in any proxy statement or supplement thereto to be filed with the SEC), (B) a reasonably detailed description of any material interest in such matter of each Requesting Person, and (C) a reasonably detailed description of all agreements, arrangements and understandings (x) between or among any of the Requesting Persons or (y) between or among any Requesting Person and any other person or entity (naming each such person or entity) in connection with the request for the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting or the business or nominees for election to the Board proposed to be acted on at the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting and 
 (B) If directors are proposed to be elected at the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting, (i) as to each Requesting Person, the information set forth in Section 1.6(b)(2)(A) of these Bylaws (except that for purposes of this Section 1.10(c), the term Requesting Person shall be substituted for the term Proposing Person in all places it appears in Section 1.6(b)(2)(A) of these Bylaws and any reference to business or proposal therein will be deemed to be a reference to the nomination contemplated by this Section 1.10(c) and (ii) the information for each person whom a Requesting Person proposes to nominate for election as a director at the special meeting that is required to be disclosed for each such person by Section 2.14(c)(2). For purposes of this Section 1.10(c), the term Requesting Person shall mean (i) the stockholder making the request to fix a Request Record Date for the purpose of determining the stockholders entitled to request that the Secretary call a Stockholder Requested Special Meeting, (ii) the beneficial owner or beneficial owners, if different, on whose behalf such request is made, (iii) any affiliate or associate of such stockholder or beneficial owner under the Exchange Act, (iv) each other person who is the member of a group (for purposes of these Bylaws, as such term is used in Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) with any such stockholder or beneficial owner or is otherwise Acting in Concert with any such stockholder or beneficial owner with respect to the request to fix a Request Record Date, and (iv) any participant (as defined in paragraphs (a)(ii)-(vi) of Instruction 3 to Item 4 of Schedule 14A, or any successor instructions) with such stockholder or beneficial owner in such solicitation of consents or agency designations from stockholders to request that a Request Record Date be fixed or that a Stockholder Requested Special Meeting be called. 
 (d) Within thirty (30) calendar days after receipt of a request to fix a Request Record Date in proper form and otherwise in compliance with this Section 1.10 from any stockholder of record, the Board may adopt a resolution fixing a Request Record Date for the purpose of determining the stockholders entitled to request that the Secretary of the Corporation call a Stockholder Requested Special Meeting, which date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the Request Record Date is adopted by the Board. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 1.10 to the contrary, no Request Record Date shall be fixed if the Board determines that the written request or requests to call a Stockholder Requested Special Meeting (each, a Special Meeting Request and collectively, the Special Meeting Requests ), that would otherwise be submitted following such Request Record Date would not reasonably be expected to comply with the requirements set forth in Section 1.10(g). 
 (e) In order for a Stockholder Requested Special Meeting to be called, one or more Special Meeting Requests, in the form required by this Section 1.10, must be signed by stockholders as who, as of the Request Record Date, hold of record or beneficially, in the aggregate, the Requisite Percentage and must be timely delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation. To be timely, a Special Meeting Request must be delivered to the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the sixtieth (60th) calendar day following the Request Record Date. In determining whether a Stockholder Requested Special Meeting has been properly requested, multiple Special Meeting 
 12 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

Requests delivered to the Secretary will be considered together only if (i) each Special Meeting Request identifies the same purpose or purposes of the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting and the same matters proposed to be acted on at such meeting (in each case as determined in good faith by the Board), and (ii) such Special Meeting Requests have been dated and delivered to the Secretary within sixty (60) calendar days of the earliest dated Special Meeting Request. 
 (f) To be in proper form for purposes of this Section 1.10, a Special Meeting Request must include and set forth (a) a reasonably brief statement of (i) the specific purpose or purposes of the stockholder requested special meeting, (ii) the matter(s) proposed to be acted on at the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting, and (iii) the reasons for conducting such business at the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting (including the text of any reasons for the business that will be disclosed in any proxy statement or supplement thereto to be filed with the SEC), and (b) the text of the proposed business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration), if applicable, and (c) with respect to any stockholder or stockholders submitting a Special Meeting Request (except for any stockholder that has provided such request in response to a solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act by way of a solicitation statement filed on Schedule 14A) (a Solicited Stockholder the information required to be provided pursuant to this Section 1.10 of a Requesting Person. A stockholder may revoke a Special Meeting Request by written revocation delivered to the Secretary at any time prior to the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting. If any such revocation(s) are received by the Secretary after the Secretary s receipt of Special Meeting Requests from the Requisite Percentage of stockholders, and as a result of such revocation(s) there no longer are unrevoked demands from the Requisite Percentage of stockholders to call a Stockholder Requested Special Meeting, the Board shall have the discretion to determine whether or not to proceed with the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting. 
 (g) The Secretary shall not accept, and shall consider ineffective, a Special Meeting Request if (i) such Special Meeting Request does not comply in all respects with this Section 1.10 or relates to an item of business to be transacted at the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting that is not a proper subject for stockholder action under applicable law (ii) the Board calls an annual or special meeting of stockholders (in lieu of calling the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting) in accordance with Section 1.10(i) or (iii) such Special Meeting Request was made in a manner that involved a violation of Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act or other applicable law. 
 (h) Business transacted at any Stockholder Requested Special Meeting shall be limited to the purpose stated in the valid Special Meeting Request provided, however , that nothing herein shall prohibit the Board from submitting matters to the stockholders at any Stockholder Requested Special Meeting. If none of the stockholders who submitted and signed the Special Meeting Request (but excluding any Solicited Stockholder) appears at or sends a qualified representative to the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting to present the matters to be presented for consideration that were specified in the Stockholder Meeting Request, the Corporation need not present such matters for a vote at such meeting. 
 (i) Any special meeting of stockholders, including any Stockholder Requested Special Meeting, shall be held on such date and at such time as may be fixed by the Board by resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships at the time such resolution is presented to the Board for adoption) provided that a Stockholder Requested Special Meeting shall be held not less than one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days nor more than one hundred and thirty (130) calendar days after the Corporation receives one or more valid Special Meeting Requests in compliance with this Section 1.10 from stockholders having beneficial ownership of at least the Requisite Percentage provided, further , that the Board shall have the 
 13 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

discretion to call an annual or special meeting of stockholders (in lieu of calling the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting) in accordance with Section 1.10(j) or cancel any Stockholder Requested Special Meeting that has been called but not yet held for any of the reasons set forth in the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.10. 
 (j) If a Special Meeting Request is made that complies with this Section 1.10, the Board may (in lieu of calling the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting) present an identical or substantially similar item for stockholder approval at any other meeting of stockholders that is held within one hundred and thirty (130) calendar days after the Corporation receives such Special Meeting Request. 
 (k) In connection with a Stockholder Requested Special Meeting called in accordance with this Section 1.10, the stockholder or stockholders (except for any Solicited Stockholder) who requested that the Board fix a record date for notice and voting for the special meeting in accordance with this Section 1.10 or who signed and delivered a Special Meeting Request to the Secretary shall further update and supplement the information previously provided to the Corporation in connection with such requests, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such requests pursuant to this Section 1.10 shall be true, correct and complete in all respects, and such update and supplement shall be received by the Secretary of the Corporation not later than the earlier of (A) five (5) business days following the occurrence of any event, development or occurrence which would cause the information provided to be not true, correct and complete in all respects, and (B) the date that is five (5) business days prior to the special meeting and, in the event of any adjournment or postponement thereof, five (5) business days prior to such adjourned or postponed special meeting. Upon written request by the Secretary of the Corporation, the Board or any duly authorized committee thereof, any stockholder or stockholders (except for any Solicited Stockholder) who requested that the Board fix a record date for notice and voting for the special meeting in accordance with this Section 1.10 or who signed and delivered a Special Meeting Request to the Secretary shall provide, within five (5) business days of delivery of such request (or such other period as may be specified in such request), written verification, satisfactory in the reasonable discretion of the Board, any duly authorized committee thereof or any duly authorized officer of the Corporation, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 1.10. If a stockholder fails to provide such written verification within such period, the information as to which written verification was requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 1.10. 
 (l) Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, the Secretary shall not be required to call a Stockholder Requested Special Meeting pursuant to this Section 1.10 except in accordance with this Section 1.10. If the Board shall determine that any request to fix a record date for notice and voting for the special meeting or Special Meeting Request was not properly made in accordance with this Section 1.10, or shall determine that the stockholder or stockholders requesting that the Board fix such record date or submitting a Special Meeting Request have not otherwise complied with this Section 1.10, then the Board shall not be required to fix such record date or to call and hold the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting. In addition to the requirements of this Section 1.10, each Requesting Person shall comply with all requirements of applicable law, including all requirements of the Exchange Act and DGCL, with respect to (i) any request to fix a record date for notice and voting for the Stockholder Requested Special Meeting, (ii) any Special Meeting Request or (iii) a Stockholder Requested Special Meeting. 
 Section 1.11 Record Date . The Board may by resolution of the Board adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships at the time such resolution is presented to the Board for 
 14 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

adoption) fix in advance a date as a record date for the determination of the stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at any meeting of stockholders, or entitled to receive payment of any dividends or other distribution, or to exercise the rights in respect to any change, conversion, or exchange of capital stock, and in such case only stockholders of record on the date so fixed shall be entitled to such notice of, and to vote at, such meeting, or to receive payment of such dividend or other distribution, or allotment of rights, or exercise such rights, as the case may be, and notwithstanding any transfer of any stock on the books of the Corporation after any such record date fixed as herein provided. In no event may any such record date (i) be more than sixty (60) calendar days preceding the date of any meeting of stockholders, or the date for the payment of any dividend, or the date when any change or conversion or exchange of capital stock shall go into effect, or (ii) precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting provided, however , that the Board may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 
 Section 1.12 Inspectors of Election . The Corporation may, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more inspectors of election to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof. If no such appointment shall be made, or if any of the inspectors so appointed shall fail to attend, or refuse or be unable to serve, then such appointment may be made by the presiding officer of the meeting at the meeting or any adjournment thereof. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of the duties of inspector, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of such person s ability. If appointed, the inspectors shall ascertain the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each determine the shares represented at the meeting and the validity of proxies and ballots ascertain the existence of a quorum count all votes and ballots determine and retain for a reasonable period a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by them certify their determination of the number of shares represented at the meeting, and their count of all votes and ballots and do such acts as are proper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all stockholders. On request of the presiding officer at the meeting, the inspectors shall make a report in writing of any challenge, request or matter determined by them and shall execute a certificate of any fact found by them. No director or candidate for the office of director shall act as an inspector of an election of directors. The inspectors may appoint or retain other persons or entities to assist the inspectors in the performance of the duties of the inspectors. In determining the validity and counting of all proxies and ballots, the inspectors shall act in accordance with applicable law. The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be announced at the meeting. No ballots, proxies or votes, nor any revocations thereof or changes thereto, shall be accepted by the inspectors after the closing of the polls. 
 ARTICLE II BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 Section 1.1 General Powers . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of a Board, who may exercise all of the powers of the Corporation except as otherwise provided by law or the Certificate of Incorporation. In the event of a vacancy in the Board, the remaining directors, except as otherwise provided by law, may exercise the powers of the full Board until the vacancy is filled. 
 Section 1.2 Number and Term of Office . The number of directors shall be fixed from time to time exclusively by the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously 
 15 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

authorized directorships at the time any such resolution is presented to the Board for adoption). The directors shall be divided into three classes, with the directors in each class serving for a term expiring at the third annual meeting of stockholders held after their election. All directors shall hold office until the expiration of the term for which elected and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified, except in the case of the death, resignation or removal of any director. 
 Section 1.3 Vacancies and Newly Created Directorships . Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors or any vacancies in the Board resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or other cause may be filled only by a majority vote of the directors then in office, though less than a quorum, and directors so chosen shall hold office for a term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. 
 Section 1.4 Resignation . Any director may resign by delivering notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the President, Chairman of the Board or Secretary. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless it is specified to be effective at some other time or upon the happening of some other event. 
 Section 1.5 Regular Meetings . Regular meetings of the Board shall be held at such place or places, on such date or dates, and at such time or times as shall have been established by the Board and publicized among all directors. A notice of each regular meeting shall not be required. 
 Section 1.6 Special Meetings . Special meetings of the Board may be called by one-third of the directors then in office (rounded up to the nearest whole number), but by not less than two directors, or by the chief executive officer and shall be held at such place, on such date, and at such time as they or he or she shall fix. 
 Section 1.7 Notice of Special Meetings . Notice of any special meeting of directors shall be given to each director by whom it is not waived by the Secretary or by the officer or one of the directors calling the meeting. Notice shall be duly given to each director by (i) giving notice to such director in person or by telephone, electronic transmission or voice message system at least two (2) business days in advance of the meeting, (ii) sending a facsimile to his last known facsimile number, or delivering written notice by hand to his last known business or home address, at least two (2) business days in advance of the meeting, or (iii) mailing written notice to his last known business or home address at least five (5) calendar days in advance of the meeting. A notice or waiver of notice of a meeting of the Board need not specify the purpose or purposes of the meeting. 
 Section 1.8 Quorum . At any meeting of the Board, a majority of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships) shall constitute a quorum for all purposes. If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting, a majority of those present may adjourn the meeting to another place, date, or time, without further notice or waiver thereof. Interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board or at a meeting of a committee which authorizes a particular contract or transaction. 
 Section 1.9 Participation in Meetings by Conference Telephone . Members of the Board, or of any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting of such Board or committee by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all 
 16 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

persons participating in the meeting can hear each other and such participation shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 
 Section 1.10 Action at Meeting . At any meeting of the Board at which a quorum is present, the vote of a majority of those present shall be sufficient to take any action, unless a different vote is specified by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws. 
 Section 1.11 Action by Written Consent . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board, consent to the action in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writings or electronic transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. 
 Section 1.12 Powers . The Board may, except as otherwise required by law, exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the unqualified power 
 (a) To declare dividends from time to time in accordance with law 
 (b) To purchase or otherwise acquire any property, rights or privileges on such terms as it shall determine 
 (c) To authorize the creation, making and issuance, in such form as it may determine, of written obligations of every kind, negotiable or non-negotiable, secured or unsecured, and to do all things necessary in connection therewith 
 (d) To remove any officer of the Corporation with or without cause, and from time to time to devolve the powers and duties of any officer upon any other person for the time being 
 (e) To confer upon any officer of the Corporation the power to appoint, remove and suspend subordinate officers, employees and agents 
 (f) To adopt from time to time such stock, option, stock purchase, bonus or other compensation plans for directors, officers, employees and agents of the Corporation and its subsidiaries as it may determine 
 (g) To adopt from time to time such insurance, retirement, and other benefit plans for directors, officers, employees and agents of the Corporation and its subsidiaries as it may determine and 
 (h) To adopt from time to time regulations, not inconsistent with these Bylaws, for the management of the Corporation s business and affairs. 
 Section 1.13 Compensation of Directors . Directors, as such, may receive, pursuant to resolution of the Board, fixed fees and other compensation for their services as directors, including, without limitation, their services as members of committees of the Board. 
 Section 1.14 Nomination of Director Candidates . 
 (a) Method of Nomination. Subject to the rights of holders of any class or series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, nominations of candidates for election as directors 
 17 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

may be made at any annual meeting of stockholders or at any special meeting of stockholders, but in the case of any special meeting of stockholders, only if the election of directors is a matter specified in the notice of meeting given by or at the direction of the person calling such special meeting in accordance with Section 1.10 of these Bylaws, (i) by, or at the direction of the Board (or any duly authorized committee thereof) (including, without limitation, by making reference to the nominees in the proxy statement delivered to stockholders on behalf of the Board), or (ii) by any stockholder of the Corporation Present in Person who (A) is a stockholder of record (as of the time notice of such proposed nomination is given by the stockholder as set forth in this Section 2.14, as of the record date for the meeting in question and at the time of the meeting) of any shares of the Corporation s capital stock outstanding, (B) is entitled to vote at such meeting, and (C) complies with all applicable requirements of this Section 2.14. Only persons who are proposed as director nominees in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.14 shall be eligible for election as directors at any meeting of stockholders. 
 (b) Stockholder Nominations . 
 (1) For a stockholder to properly nominate a person as a candidate for director before any stockholders meeting, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation (the Nominating Notice ), which Nominating Notice shall be in proper form. To be timely, the Nominating Notice must be made in writing and delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal office of the Corporation (i) not less than ninety (90) calendar days nor more than one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days in advance of the first anniversary of the date that the Corporation s proxy statement was first made publicly available to stockholders in connection with the previous year s annual meeting of stockholders, or (ii) in the event that the annual meeting of stockholders is called for a date that is more than thirty (30) calendar days before or more than sixty (60) days after the first anniversary of the date of the previous year s annual meeting, or if the Corporation did not hold an annual meeting (or special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting) in the preceding calendar year, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the later of (A) the ninetieth (90) calendar day prior to such annual meeting and (B) the tenth (10th) calendar day following the day on which public disclosure of the date of such stockholders meeting was first made (or if that day is not a business day for the Corporation, on the next succeeding business day). In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. Notwithstanding anything in the second sentence of this Section 2.14(b)(1) to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of the Corporation is increased and there is no public disclosure naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board made by the Corporation at least one hundred and thirty (130) calendar days prior to the first anniversary of the date that the Corporation s (or its predecessor s) proxy statement was first made publicly available to stockholders in connection with the previous year s annual meeting, a stockholder s notice required by this Section 2.14 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, and only with respect to a stockholder who had previously submitted in proper form a timely Nominating Notice, if it shall be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal office of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) calendar day following the day on which such public disclosure is first made by the Corporation. The number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at a meeting of stockholders shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected at such meeting. 
 (2) In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more directors to the Board, any stockholder may nominate a 
 18 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

person or persons (as the case may be), for election to such position(s) as are specified in the Corporation s notice of meeting, if the stockholder s notice complies with this Section 2.14 in all respects and is delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier than the ninetieth (90th) calendar day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the seventieth (70th) calendar day prior to such special meeting or the tenth (10th) calendar day following the day on which public disclosure is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board to be elected at such meeting. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of a special meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 (3) If either the Proposing Person or an individual nominated for election as a director is determined to have any direct or indirect interest that is or may reasonably be considered to be competitive or in conflict with the Corporation, or any affiliate or associate of the Corporation (a Conflict ), such determination made in the reasonable discretion of at least a majority of the then serving directors on the Board, to the fullest extent permitted by law, no person nominated by any such Proposing Person in the case where such Proposing Person is so determined to have a Conflict, or any such individual nominated for election as a director in the case where only such nominee is so determined to have a Conflict, shall be qualified to serve as a director or be eligible to be nominated to serve as a director. 
 (c) Required Form of Nominating Notice . To be in proper form, the Nominating Notice to the Secretary of the Corporation shall set forth in writing 
 (1) Information Regarding the Proposing Person . As to each Proposing Person, the information set forth in Section 1.6(b)(2)(A) of these Bylaws (except that for purposes of this Section 2.14(c), any reference to business or proposal therein will be deemed to be a reference to the nomination contemplated by this Section 2.14(c). 
 (2) Information Regarding the Nominee As to each person whom the stockholder giving notice proposes to nominate for election as a director 
 (A) all information with respect to such proposed nominee that would be required to be set forth in a stockholder s notice pursuant to Section 2.14(c)(1) if such proposed nominee were a Proposing Person 
 (B) all information relating to such proposed nominee that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made with the SEC by any Proposing Person pursuant to Section 14(a) under the Exchange Act to be made in connection with a contested solicitation of proxies by a Proposing Person for an election of directors in a contested election 
 (C) such proposed nominee s written representation and agreement in the form required by the Corporation (which form the Proposing Person shall request in writing from the Secretary and which the Secretary shall provide to such Proposing Person within ten (10) days after receiving such request) that (I) such proposed nominee is not and will not become party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such proposed nominee, if elected as a director of the corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment that has not been disclosed to the Corporation or any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such proposed nominee s ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation, with such proposed nominee s fiduciary duties under applicable law (II) such proposed nominee is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or 
 19 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

understanding with any person or entity other than the corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director or nominee that has not been disclosed to the Corporation (III) such proposed nominee will, if elected as a director, comply with applicable law, the rules of any securities exchanges upon which the Corporation s securities are listed, all applicable publicly disclosed corporate governance, ethics, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the Corporation, and any other of the Corporation s policies and guidelines applicable to directors (which will be provided to such proposed nominee within five (5) business days after the Secretary receives any written request therefor from such proposed nominee), and applicable fiduciary duties under state law (IV) such proposed nominee consents to serving as a director, if elected as a director of the Corporation and (V) such proposed nominee intends to serve as a director for the full term for which such proposed nominee is standing for election. 
 (D) such proposed nominee s executed written consent to be named in the proxy statement and form of proxy of the Proposing Person and the proxy statement and form of proxy of the Corporation as a nominee and to serve as a director of the Corporation if elected 
 (E) to the extent that such proposed nominee has entered into (1) any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether written or oral) with, or has given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to the positions that such proposed nominee, if elected as a director of the Corporation, would take in support of or in opposition to any issue or question that may be presented to him or her for consideration in his or her capacity as a director of the Corporation, (2) any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether written or oral) with, or has given any commitment or assurance to, to any person or entity as to how such proposed nominee, if elected as a director of the Corporation, would act or vote with respect to any issue or question presented to him or her for consideration in his or her capacity as a director of the Corporation, (3) any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether written or oral) with any person or entity that could be reasonably interpreted as having been both (a) entered into in contemplation of the proposed nominee being elected as a director of the Corporation, and (b) intended to limit or interfere with the proposed nominee s ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation, with his or her fiduciary duties, as a director of the Corporation, to the Corporation or its stockholders, or (4) any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether written or oral) with any person or entity that could be reasonably interpreted as having been or being intended to require such proposed nominee to consider the interests of a person or entity (other than the Corporation and its stockholders) in complying with his or her fiduciary duties, as a director of the Corporation, to the Corporation or its stockholders, a description in reasonable detail of each such agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether written or oral) or commitment or assurance 
 (F) a description in reasonable detail of any and all agreements, arrangements and or understandings, written or oral, in effect currently or at any time within the three years preceding the date of the nomination, between such proposed nominee and any person or entity (naming each such person or entity) with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement, indemnification or other benefit (whether monetary or non-monetary) in connection with or related to such proposed nominee s candidacy for election to the Board and or service on the Board if elected as a member of the Board 
 (G) a description in reasonable detail of any and all other agreements, arrangements and or understandings, written or oral, in effect currently or at any time within the three years preceding the date of the nomination, between such proposed nominee and any person or entity (naming such person or entity) in connection with such 
 20 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

proposed nominee s service or action as a proposed nominee and, if elected, as a member of the Board 
 (H) all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Items 403 and 404 under Regulation S-K if the stockholder giving the notice or any other Proposing Person were the registrant for purposes of such rule and the proposed nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant 
 (I) a fully completed Director s Questionnaire on the form supplied by the Corporation within 30 calendar days following written request from the stockholder, executed by each nominee and 
 (J) such other information as the Corporation may require, including by completion of supplemental questionnaires, to determine, among other things, the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation or whether such nominee would be independent under applicable Securities and Exchange Commission and stock exchange rules and the Corporation s publicly disclosed corporate governance guidelines. 
 (d) Updating of Nominating Notice . 
 (1) A stockholder providing a Nominating Notice with respect to any nominations proposed to be made at any stockholders meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, as necessary, from time to time, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 2.14 shall be true, correct and complete in all respects, and such update and supplement shall be received by the Secretary of the Corporation not later than the earlier of (A) five (5) business days following the occurrence of any event, development or occurrence which would cause the information provided to be not true, correct and complete in all respects, and (B) five (5) business days prior to the meeting at which such proposals contained therein are to be considered, and, in the event of any adjournment or postponement thereof, five (5) business days prior to such adjourned or postponed meeting. 
 (2) If the information submitted pursuant to this Section 2.14 by any stockholder of a proposed nomination to be made at a stockholders meeting shall not be true, correct and complete in all respects, such information may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 2.14. For the avoidance of doubt, the updates required pursuant to this Section 2.14 do not cause a notice that was not in compliance with this Section 2.14 when delivered to the Corporation to thereafter be in proper form in accordance with this Section 2.14. 
 (3) Upon written request by the Secretary of the Corporation, the Board or any duly authorized committee thereof, any stockholder proposing nominees for consideration at a stockholders meeting shall provide, within five (5) business days of delivery of such request (or such other period as may be specified in such request), written verification, satisfactory in the reasonable discretion of the Board, any duly authorized committee thereof or any duly authorized officer of the Corporation, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 2.14. If a stockholder fails to provide such written verification within such period, the information as to which written verification was requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 2.14. 
 (e) Exclusive Means. Section 2.14 of these Bylaws shall be the exclusive means of any stockholder or beneficial owner of the Corporation s capital stock to propose a Nominee for the Board before any stockholders meeting. No candidate shall be eligible for nomination by a stockholder as a director of the Corporation unless such candidate for 
 21 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

nomination and the Proposing Person seeking to place such candidate s name in nomination for election at a stockholders meeting have complied with this Section 2.14 in all respects. If the chairman of such stockholders meeting shall determine, based on the facts and circumstances and in consultation with counsel (who may be the Corporation s internal counsel), that such Nominee was not properly nominated by a stockholder in accordance with this Section 2.14, then the chairman of the stockholders meeting shall so declare such determination to the stockholders meeting, the defective nomination shall be disregarded and any ballots cast for the candidate in question (but in the case of any form of ballot listing other qualified nominees, only the ballots cast for the nominee in question) shall be void and of no force or effect. In addition, nominations made by a stockholder may not be brought before a stockholders meeting if such stockholder takes action contrary to the representations made in the Nominating Notice applicable to such nomination or if the Nominating Notice applicable to such nomination contains an untrue statement of a fact or omits to state a fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. 
 (f) No Incorporation by Reference . For a Nominating Notice to comply with the requirements of this Section 2.14, it must set forth in writing directly within the body of the Nominating Notice (as opposed to being incorporated by reference from any other document or writing, including, but not limited to, any filing with the SEC) all the information required to be included therein as set forth in this Section 2.14. For the avoidance of doubt, a Nominating Notice shall not be deemed to be in compliance with this Section 2.14 if it attempts to include the required disclosures by reference to any other document or writing where such disclosures may be included. 
 (g) Accuracy of Information. A stockholder submitting the Proposal Notice, by its delivery to the Corporation, represents and warrants that all information contained therein is true, accurate and complete in all respects, contains no false and misleading statements and such stockholder acknowledges that it intends for the Corporation and the Board to rely on such information as being true, accurate and complete in all respects, without regard to what other information may be publicly available but not contained in the Nominating Notice. 
 (h) Requirement for Separate and Timely Notice. Notwithstanding any notice of stockholders meeting sent to stockholders on behalf of the Corporation, a stockholder must separately comply with this Section 2.14 to propose director nominations at any stockholders meeting and is still required to give its own separate and timely Nominating Notice to the Secretary of the Corporation which complies in all respects with the requirements of this Section 2.14. 
 (i) Interview Background Diligence . The proposed nominee shall, as required by the Board or a committee thereof, sit for an interview with one or more directors or their representatives, which interview may, in the discretion of the Board or any such committee thereof be conducted by means of remote communication, and such proposed nominee shall make himself or herself available for any such interview within ten (10) days following the date of any request therefor from the Board or any committee thereof. Refusal by a proposed nominee to participate in such interview will render the nomination ineffective for failure to satisfy the requirements of these Bylaws. The proposed nominee shall, as required by the Board or any committee thereof, consent to and cooperate with a background screening conducted by a background screening company selected by the Board or any such committee thereof with experience in conducting background screenings of public company directors. Refusal by a proposed nominee to cooperate with such a background screening will render the nomination ineffective for failure to satisfy the requirements of these Bylaws. 
 22 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

(j) Exchange Act and DGCL . In addition to the provisions of this Section 2.14, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the DGCL with respect to any nominations of directors for election at any stockholders meeting and any solicitations of proxies in connection therewith. 
 (k) Corporation Proxy Materials White Proxy Card . Except as otherwise required by law, nothing in this Section 2.14 shall obligate the Corporation or the Board to include in any proxy statement or other stockholder communication distributed on behalf of the Corporation or the Board information with respect to any nominee for director submitted by a stockholder. Any Proposing Person or any person or entity acting on behalf of a Proposing Person directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other shareholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the Board. 
 (l) Appearance at Meeting . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.14, unless otherwise permitted or required by law, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the meeting to present a nomination, such nomination shall not be brought before the meeting, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such nominee may have been received by the Corporation. For purposes of this Section 2.14(l), to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such stockholder and must be authorized by a written instrument executed by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders, in which case such person must produce such written instrument or a reliable reproduction of the written instrument at the meeting of stockholders. 
 (m) Preferred Stock. Nothing in this Section 2.14 shall be deemed to limit any voting rights upon the occurrence of dividend arrearages provided to holders of Preferred Stock pursuant to the Preferred Stock designation for any series of Preferred Stock. 
 ARTICLE III COMMITTEES 
 Section 1.1 Committees of the Board of Directors . The Board, by a vote of a majority of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships at the time any such resolution is presented to the Board for adoption), may from time to time designate committees of the Board, with such lawfully delegable powers and duties as it thereby confers, to serve at the pleasure of the Board and shall, for those committees and any others provided for herein, elect a director or directors to serve as the member or members, designating, if it desires, other directors as alternate members who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. Any committee so designated may exercise the power and authority of the Board to declare a dividend, to authorize the issuance of stock or to adopt a certificate of ownership and merger pursuant to Section 253 of the DGCL if the resolution which designates the committee or a supplemental resolution of the Board shall so provide. In the absence or disqualification of any member of any committee and any alternate member in his place, the member or members of the committee present at the meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or she or they constitute a quorum, may by unanimous vote appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in the place of the absent or disqualified member. 
 Section 1.2 Conduct of Business . Each committee may determine the procedural rules for meeting and conducting its business and shall act in accordance therewith, except as otherwise provided herein or required by law. Adequate provision shall be made for notice to members of all meetings one-third of the authorized members shall constitute a quorum unless 
 23 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

the committee shall consist of one or two members, in which event one member shall constitute a quorum and all matters shall be determined by a majority vote of the members present. Action may be taken by any committee without a meeting if all members thereof consent to the action in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writings or electronic transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. 
 ARTICLE IV OFFICERS 
 Section 1.1 Generally . The officers of the Corporation shall consist of a President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Secretary and a Treasurer. The Corporation may also have, at the discretion of the Board, a Chairman of the Board and such other officers as may from time to time be appointed by the Board. Officers shall be elected by the Board. Each officer shall hold office until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. The Chairman of the Board, if there shall be such an officer, and the President shall each be members of the Board. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. 
 Section 1.2 Chairman of the Board . The Chairman of the Board, if there shall be such an officer, shall, if present, preside at all meetings of the Board, and exercise and perform such other powers and duties as may be from time to time assigned to him by the Board or prescribed by these Bylaws. 
 Section 1.3 President . The President shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation. Subject to the provisions of these Bylaws and to the direction of the Board, he or she shall have the responsibility for the general management and control of the business and affairs of the Corporation and shall perform all duties and have all powers which are commonly incident to the office of chief executive or which are delegated to him or her by the Board. He or she shall have power to sign all stock certificates, contracts and other instruments of the Corporation which are authorized and shall have general supervision and direction of all of the other officers, employees and agents of the Corporation. 
 Section 1.4 Vice President . Each Vice President shall have such powers and duties as may be delegated to him or her by the Board. One Vice President shall be designated by the Board to perform the duties and exercise the powers of the President in the event of the President s absence or disability. 
 Section 1.5 Treasurer . Unless otherwise designated by the Board, the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation shall be the Treasurer. The Treasurer shall have the responsibility for maintaining the financial records of the Corporation and shall have custody of all monies and securities of the Corporation. He or she shall make such disbursements of the funds of the Corporation as are authorized and shall render from time to time an account of all such transactions and of the financial condition of the Corporation. The Treasurer shall also perform such other duties as the Board may from time to time prescribe. 
 Section 1.6 Secretary . The Secretary shall issue all authorized notices for, and shall keep, or cause to be kept, minutes of all meetings of the stockholders, the Board, and all committees of the Board. He or she shall have charge of the corporate books and shall perform such other duties as the Board may from time to time prescribe. 
 24 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

Section 1.7 Delegation of Authority . The Board may from time to time delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other officers or agents, notwithstanding any provision hereof. 
 Section 1.8 Removal . Any officer of the Corporation may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the Board. 
 Section 1.9 Action With Respect to Securities of Other Corporations . Unless otherwise directed by the Board, the President or any officer of the Corporation authorized by the President shall have power to vote and otherwise act on behalf of the Corporation, in person or by proxy, at any meeting of stockholders of or with respect to any action of stockholders of any other corporation in which this Corporation may hold securities and otherwise to exercise any and all rights and powers which this Corporation may possess by reason of its ownership of securities in such other corporation. 
 ARTICLE V STOCK 
 Section 1.1 Certificates of Stock . The shares of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the Board may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any class or series of its stock shall be uncertificated shares provided, however, that no such resolution shall apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Every holder of stock of the Corporation represented by certificates, and, upon written request to the Corporation s transfer agent or registrar, any holder of uncertificated shares, shall be entitled to have a certificate, in such form as may be prescribed by law and by the Board, certifying the number and class of shares owned by him in the Corporation. Each such certificate shall be signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by, the President or a Vice President, and by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, or the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer of the Corporation. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. 
 Section 1.2 Transfers . Except as otherwise established by rules and regulations adopted by the Board, and subject to applicable law, shares of stock may be transferred on the books of the Corporation (i) in the case of shares represented by a certificate, by the surrender to the Corporation or its transfer agent of the certificate representing such shares properly endorsed or accompanied by a written assignment or power of attorney properly executed, and with such proof of authority or authenticity of signature as the Corporation or its transfer agent may reasonably require and (ii) in the case of uncertificated shares, upon the receipt of proper transfer instructions from the registered owner thereof. Except as may be otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, the Corporation shall be entitled to treat the record holder of stock as shown on its books as the owner of such stock for all purposes, including the payment of dividends and the right to vote with respect to such stock, regardless of any transfer, pledge or other disposition of such stock until the shares have been transferred on the books of the Corporation in accordance with the requirements of these Bylaws. 
 Section 1.3 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates . The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock in place of any previously issued certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, or it may issue uncertificated shares if the shares represented by such certificate have been designated as uncertificated shares in accordance with Section 5.1, upon such terms and conditions as the Board may prescribe, including the presentation of reasonable evidence of such loss, theft or destruction and the giving of such indemnity as the Board may require for the protection of the Corporation or any transfer agent or registrar. 
 25 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

Section 1.4 Regulations . The issue, transfer, conversion and registration of certificates of stock shall be governed by such other regulations as the Board may establish. 
 ARTICLE VI NOTICES 
 Section 1.1 Notices . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein or required by law, all notices required to be given to any stockholder, director, officer, employee or agent shall be in writing and may in every instance be effectively given by hand delivery to the recipient thereof, by depositing such notice in the mails, postage paid, or by sending such notice by commercial courier service, or by facsimile or other electronic transmission, provided that notice to stockholders by electronic transmission shall be given in the manner provided in Section 232 of the DGCL. Any such notice shall be addressed to such stockholder, director, officer, employee or agent at his or her last known address as the same appears on the books of the Corporation. The time when such notice shall be deemed to be given shall be the time such notice is received by such stockholder, director, officer, employee or agent, or by any person accepting such notice on behalf of such person, if delivered by hand, facsimile, other electronic transmission or commercial courier service, or the time such notice is dispatched, if delivered through the mails. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively, notice to any stockholder shall be deemed given (1) if by facsimile, when directed to a number at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice (2) if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice (3) if by a posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to the stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later of (A) such posting and (B) the giving of such separate notice (4) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder and (5) if by mail, when deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholder s address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. 
 Section 1.2 Waiver of Notice . Whenever any notice whatsoever is required to be given by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, a waiver of such notice either in writing signed by the person entitled to such notice or such person s duly authorized attorney, or by electronic transmission or any other method permitted under the DGCL, whether before, at or after the time stated in such waiver, or the appearance of such person or persons at such meeting in person or by proxy, shall be deemed equivalent to such notice. Neither the business nor the purpose of any meeting need be specified in such a waiver. Attendance at any meeting shall constitute waiver of notice except attendance for the sole purpose of objecting to the timeliness of notice. 
 ARTICLE VII MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 1.1 Facsimile Signatures . In addition to the provisions for use of facsimile signatures elsewhere specifically authorized in these Bylaws, facsimile signatures of any officer or officers of the Corporation may be used whenever and as authorized by the Board or a committee thereof. 
 Section 1.2 Corporate Seal . The Board may provide a suitable seal, containing the name of the Corporation, which seal shall be in the charge of the Secretary. If and when so directed by the Board or a committee thereof, duplicates of the seal may be kept and used by the Treasurer or by an Assistant Secretary or Assistant Treasurer. 
 26 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

Section 1.3 Reliance Upon Books, Reports and Records . Each director, each member of any committee designated by the Board, and each officer of the Corporation shall, in the performance of his duties, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the books of account or other records of the Corporation, including reports made to the Corporation by any of its officers, by an independent certified public accountant, or by an appraiser selected with reasonable care. 
 Section 1.4 Fiscal Year . The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be as fixed by the Board. 
 Section 1.5 Time Periods . In applying any provision of these Bylaws which require that an act be done or not done a specified number of days prior to an event or that an act be done during a period of a specified number of days prior to an event, calendar days shall be used, the day of the doing of the act shall be excluded, and the day of the event shall be included. 
 Section 1.6 Certificate of Incorporation . All references in these Bylaws to the Certificate of Incorporation shall be deemed to refer to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as amended and in effect from time to time. 
 Section 1.7 Severability . Any determination that any provision of these Bylaws is for any reason inapplicable, illegal or ineffective shall not affect or invalidate any other provision of these Bylaws. 
 ARTICLE VIII INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 
 Section 1.1 Right to Indemnification . Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative proceeding ), by reason of the fact that he or she or a person of whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director, officer or employee of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer or employee of another corporation, or of a Partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer or employee or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer or employee, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware Law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than said Law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment) against all expenses, liability and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and amounts expended in seeking indemnification granted to such person under applicable law, this bylaw or any agreement with the Corporation) reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection therewith and such indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer or employee and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators provided, however, that, except as provided in Section 8.2 of this Article VIII, the Corporation shall indemnify any such person seeking indemnity in connection with an action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof) initially only if (a) such indemnification is expressly required to be made by law, (b) the action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of the Corporation, (c) such indemnification is provided by the Corporation, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Corporation under the DGCL, or (d) the action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof) is brought to establish or enforce a right to indemnification under an indemnity agreement or any 
 27 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

other statute or law or otherwise as required under Section 145 of the DGCL. Such right shall be a contract right and shall include the right to be paid by the Corporation expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition provided, however , that, unless the DGCL then so prohibits, the payment of such expenses incurred by a director or officer of the Corporation in his or her capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is tendered by such person while a director or officer, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) in advance of the final disposition of such proceeding, shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such director or officer, to repay all amounts so advanced if it should be determined ultimately that such director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified under this Section or otherwise. 
 Section 1.2 Right of Claimant to Bring Suit . If a claim under Section 1 of this Article VIII is not paid in full by the Corporation within ninety (90) days after a written claim has been received by the Corporation, the claimant may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim and, if such suit is not frivolous or brought in bad faith, the claimant shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting such claim. The burden of proving such claim shall be on the claimant. It shall be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for expenses incurred in defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition where the required undertaking, if any, has been tendered to this Corporation) that the claimant has not met the standards of conduct which make it permissible under the DGCL for the Corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its Board, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its Board, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 
 Section 1.3 Non-Exclusivity of Rights . The rights conferred on any person in Sections 8.1 and 8.2 shall not be exclusive of any other right which such persons may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. 
 Section 1.4 Indemnification Contracts . The Board is authorized to enter into a contract with any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or any person serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including employee benefit plans, providing for indemnification rights equivalent to or, if the Board so determinates, greater than, those provided for in this Article VIII. 
 Section 1.5 Insurance . The Corporation shall maintain insurance to the extent reasonably available, at its expense, to protect itself and any such director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any such expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL. 
 Section 1.6 Effect of Amendment . Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of this Article VIII by the stockholders and the directors of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director or officer of the Corporation existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification. 
 28 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

ARTICLE IX AMENDMENTS 
 Section 1.1 Amendment of Bylaws . The Board is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws of the Corporation. Any adoption, amendment or repeal of Bylaws of the Corporation by the Board shall require the approval of a majority of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships at the time any resolution providing for adoption, amendment or repeal is presented to the Board). The stockholders shall also have power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation. 
 
 29 
 
 4855-6872-5034.v4 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-4.1>
 3
 immr1231202210-kexhibit41.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 
 Exhibit 4.1 

 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Immersion Corporation Immersion or the Company had two classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share Common Stock and Series B Junior Participating Preferred Stock Purchase Rights, 0.001 par value (the Rights ). 
 The following is a description of the Common Stock, the Rights, and related provisions of the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws and applicable Delaware law. This description is qualified in its entirety by, and should be read in conjunction with, the Articles, Bylaws and applicable Delaware law. 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 The Company s authorized capital stock consists of 105,000,000 shares, of which 
 100,000,000 shares are designated as Common Stock and 
 5,000,000 shares are designated as preferred stock, 0.001 par value per share Preferred Stock ). 
 Common Stock 
 Fully Paid and Nonassessable 
 All of the outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 
 Voting Rights 
 The holders of the Company s Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Holders of a majority of the shares of Common Stock entitled to vote in any election of directors may elect all of the directors standing for election. 
 Dividends 
 Subject to preferences applicable to any outstanding Preferred Stock, the holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board in its discretion from funds legally available therefor. 
 Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions 
 In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Immersion, holders of Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in the assets remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation preferences of any outstanding Preferred Stock. 
 No Preemptive or Similar Rights 
 Holders of the Common Stock have no preemptive, conversion or redemption rights. 
 Rights 
 Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan 
 The Board adopted a Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan (the Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan ), by and between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as rights agent. The Board adopted the Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan in an effort to protect stockholder value by attempting to protect against a possible limitation on the Company s ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards NOLs ). If the 

Exhibit 4.1 

 Company experiences an ownership change, as defined in the Code, the Company s ability to fully utilize the NOLs on an annual basis will be substantially limited, and the timing of the usage of the NOLs could be substantially delayed, which could therefore significantly impair the value of those benefits. The Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan is intended to act as a deterrent to any person (an Acquiring Person acquiring (together with all affiliates and associates of such person) beneficial ownership of 4.99 or more of the Company s outstanding Common Stock within the meaning of Section 382 of the Code, without the approval of the Board. 
 The Rights 
 The Board authorized the issuance of one Right per each outstanding share of the Common Stock distributable to the Company s stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 1, 2021. One Right will also be issued together with each share of the Common Stock issued after December 1, 2021 but before the Distribution Date (as defined below) and, in certain circumstances, after the Distribution Date. Subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, if the Rights become exercisable, each Right would initially represent the right to purchase from the Company one one-thousandth of a share (a Unit of Series B Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Company (the Series B Preferred Stock for a purchase price of 40.00 (the Purchase Price ). If issued, each Unit of Series B Preferred Stock would give the stockholder approximately the same dividend, voting and liquidation rights as does one share of the Common Stock. However, prior to exercise, a Right does not give its holder any rights as a stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation, any dividend, voting or liquidation rights. 
 Acquiring Person 
 Under the Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, an Acquiring Person is any person who or which, together with all Affiliates and Associates of such person, is or becomes the beneficial owner of 4.99 or more of the shares of Common Stock outstanding other than as a result of repurchases of stock by the Company, dividends or distributions by the Company or certain inadvertent actions by stockholders. Beneficial ownership is determined as provided in the Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan and generally includes, without limitation, any ownership of securities a person would be deemed to actually or constructively own for purposes of Section 382 of the Code or the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. The Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan provides that the following shall not be deemed an Acquiring Person thereunder (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company (ii) any employee benefit plan or employee stock plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, or any person organized, appointed, established or holding shares of Common Stock of the Company for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan (iii) any person who would otherwise be an Acquiring Person upon the first public announcement by the Company of the adoption of the Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, unless and until such person, or any Affiliate of such person, acquires beneficial ownership of any additional shares of Common Stock of the Company after the first public announcement by the Company of the adoption of the Plan (other than pursuant to a stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction) at a time when such person still beneficially owns 4.99 or more of the Common Stock (iv) any direct public group within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.382-2T(j)(2)(ii) (v) any person who as the result of an acquisition of shares of Common Stock by the Company (or any Subsidiary of the Company, or any person organized, appointed, established or holding shares of Common Stock of the Company for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan) which, by reducing the number of shares of Common Stock of the Company outstanding, increases the proportionate number of shares of Common Stock of the Company beneficially owned by such person to 4.99 or more of the shares of Common Stock of the Company then outstanding (vi) any person who the Board determines in good faith has become an Acquiring Person inadvertently and such Person divests as promptly as practicable (as determined in good faith by the Board) a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock of the Company so that such Person would no longer be an Acquiring Person and (vii) any person who the Board determines, in its sole discretion, prior to the time such person would otherwise be an Acquiring Person, should be permitted to become the beneficial owner of up to a number of the shares of Common Stock determined by the Board (the Exempted Number and be exempted from being an Acquiring Person, unless and until such person acquires beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock of the Company in excess of the Exempted Number (other than pursuant to a stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction) in which case such person shall be an Acquiring Person. 

Exhibit 4.1 

 A person (other than any direct public group within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.382-2T(j)(2)(ii)) will be treated as the beneficial owner of 4.99 or more shares of the Common Stock if, in the determination of the Board, that person would be treated as a 5-percent stockholder for purposes of Section 382 (substituting 4.99 for 5 each time five or 5 is used in or for such purposes of Section 382). 
 Initial Exercisability 
 The Rights will not be exercisable until the close of business on the earlier to occur of (i) the tenth (10th) calendar day after the day on which a public announcement or filing that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons has become an Acquiring Person, or (ii) the tenth (10th) calendar day (or a later date determined by the Board) after the commencement of a tender or exchange offer the consummation of which would result in a person becoming an Acquiring Person (the earlier of these dates is called the Distribution Date ). 
 Until the Distribution Date, the Common Stock certificates or the ownership statements issued with respect to uncertificated shares of Common Stock will evidence the Rights. Any transfer of shares of Common Stock prior to the Distribution Date will also constitute a transfer of the associated Rights. After the Distribution Date, separate rights certificates will be issued and the Rights may be transferred other than in connection with the transfer of the underlying shares of Common Stock unless and until the Board has determined to effect an exchange pursuant to the Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan (as described below). 
 Flip-In Event. 
 In the event that a person becomes an Acquiring Person, each holder of a Right, other than Rights that are or, under certain circumstances, were beneficially owned by the Acquiring Person (which will thereupon become void), will thereafter have the right to receive upon exercise of a Right and payment of the Purchase Price, and subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, a number of shares of the Common Stock having a market value of two times the Purchase Price. 
 Redemption 
 At any time until close of business on the tenth (10th) calendar day after the day a public announcement or the filing is made indicating that a person has become an Acquiring Person (and prior to the giving of notice of the exchange or redemption, as applicable to the holders of the Rights), or thereafter under certain circumstances, the Company may redeem the Rights in whole, but not in part, at a price of 0.001 per Right (the Redemption Price ). The redemption of the Rights may be made effective at such time, on such basis and with such conditions as the Board in its sole discretion may establish. Immediately upon any redemption of the Rights, the right to exercise the Rights will terminate and the only right of the holders of Rights will be to receive the Redemption Price. 
 Exchange 
 At any time after a person becomes an Acquiring Person, the Board may exchange all or part of the outstanding Rights (other than those held by an Acquiring Person) for shares of Common Stock at an exchange rate of one share of Common Stock, or a fractional share of Series B Preferred Stock (or of a share of a similar class or series of the Company s preferred stock having similar rights, preferences and privileges) of equivalent value, per Right (subject to adjustment). 
 Expiration 
 The Rights and the Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan will expire upon the earliest of (i) the date on which all of the Rights are redeemed, (ii) the date on which the Rights are exchanged, (iii) the consummation of a reorganization transaction entered into by the Company resulting in the imposition of stock transfer restrictions that the Board determines will provide protection for the Company s tax attributes similar to that provided by the Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, (iv) the close of business on the effective date of the repeal of Section 382, or any other change, if the Board determines that the Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, is no longer necessary or desirable for the preservation of the Company s tax attributes, (v) the date on which the Board otherwise determines that the Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan is no longer necessary to preserve the 

Exhibit 4.1 

 Company s tax attributes, (vi) the beginning of a taxable year of the Company to which the Board determines that none of the Company s tax attributes may be carried forward, and (vii) the earlier of (x) the Close of Business on the day following the certification of the voting results of the Company s 2022 annual meeting of stockholders or a special meeting of stockholders duly held prior to November 17, 2022, if at such stockholder meeting a proposal to approve the Agreement has not been passed by the vote of the majority of the shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, and (y) November 17, 2024. 
 Preferred Stock Purchasable Upon Exercise of Rights 
 After the Distribution Date, each Right will entitle the holder, subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, to purchase, for the Purchase Price, one one-thousandth of a share of the Series B Preferred Stock having economic and other terms similar to that of one share of Common Stock. This portion of a share of Series B Preferred Stock is intended to give a stockholder approximately the same dividend, voting and liquidation rights as would one share of Common Stock, and should approximate the value of one share of Common Stock. 
 Anti-Dilution Provisions 
 The Board may adjust the Purchase Price, the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock or other securities or assets issuable and the number of outstanding Rights to prevent dilution that may occur as a result of certain events, including among others, a stock dividend, a stock split or a reclassification of the Series B Preferred Stock or the Common Stock. 
 Amendments 
 Until the close of business on the tenth (10th) calendar day after the day a public announcement or a filing is made indicating that a person has become an Acquiring Person, or thereafter under certain circumstances, the Company may amend the Rights in any manner. The Company may also amend the Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan after the close of business on the tenth (10th) calendar day after the day a public announcement or filing is made indicating that a person has become an Acquiring Person, to cure ambiguities, to correct defective or inconsistent provisions or to otherwise change or supplement the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan in any manner that does not adversely affect the interests of holders of the Rights. 
 Tax Consequences 
 The issuance of the Rights should not be taxable to the Company or to stockholders under presently existing federal income tax law. However, if the Rights become exercisable or if the Rights are redeemed, stockholders may recognize taxable income, depending on the circumstances then existing. 
 Stockholder Ratification 
 The Company intends to submit the Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan for stockholder ratification at its 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 Delaware Law 
 Immersion is subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law regulating corporate takeovers, which prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of 3 years following the time that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless 
 Prior to such time the Board of Directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 Upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation 

Exhibit 4.1 

 outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned (i) by persons who are directors and also officers and (ii) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer or 
 At or subsequent to such time the business combination is approved by the Board of Directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws Provisions 
 Provisions in the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our Board of Directors or management, including the following 
 Subject to the rights of holders of any class or series of Preferred Stock, if any, to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, directors may be removed at any time with or without cause upon the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the combined voting power of the then outstanding stock of the Company entitled to vote for the election of directors. 
 The Board has the exclusive right to set the authorized number of directors and to fill vacancies on the Board. Our Certificate of Incorporation requires that any action required or permitted to be taken by stockholders of Immersion must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of the stockholders and may not be effected by a consent in writing. In addition, special meetings of the stockholders of Immersion may be called only by the Board or the holders of not less than ten percent of the shares entitled to vote at such a meeting. Advance notice is required for stockholder proposals or director nominations by stockholders. 
 In addition, pursuant to our Certificate of Incorporation, the Board has authority to issue shares of Preferred Stock and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, of these shares without any further vote or action by the stockholders. The rights of the holders of the Common Stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any Preferred Stock that may be issued in the future. The issuance of Preferred Stock, while providing desirable flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of the outstanding voting stock of the Company, thereby delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the company. Furthermore, such Preferred Stock may have other rights, including economic rights, senior to the Common Stock, and as a result, the issuance of such Preferred Stock could have a material adverse effect on the market price of the Common Stock. 
 These provisions could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control of the company. Such provisions could diminish the opportunities for a stockholder to participate in tender offers, including tender offers at a price above the then current market price of the Common Stock. Such provisions also may inhibit fluctuations in the market price of the common stock that could result from takeover attempts. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 
 Listing 
 The Company s Common Stock is listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the trading symbol IMMR. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 immr12312022form10-kex103.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 

INDEMNITY AGREEMENT 
 This Indemnity Agreement (the Agreement ), dated as of _____________________, is made by and between Immersion Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and _________________ (the Indemnitee ). 
 RECITALS 
 A. The Company is aware that competent and experienced persons are increasingly reluctant to serve as directors, officers or agents of corporations unless they are protected by comprehensive liability insurance or indemnification, due to increased exposure to litigation costs and risks resulting from their service to such corporations, and due to the fact that the exposure frequently bears no reasonable relationship to the compensation of such directors, officers and other agents. 
 B. The statutes and judicial decisions regarding the duties of directors and officers are often difficult to apply, ambiguous, or conflicting, and therefore fail to provide such directors, officers and agents with adequate, reliable knowledge of legal risks to which they are exposed or information regarding the proper course of action to take. 
 C. Plaintiffs often seek damages in such large amounts and the costs of litigation may be so enormous (whether or not the case is meritorious), that the defense and or settlement of such litigation is often beyond the personal resources of directors, officers and other agents. 
 D. The Company believes that it is unfair for its directors, officers and agents and the directors, officers and agents of its subsidiaries to assume the risk of huge judgments and other expenses which may occur in cases in which the director, officer or agent received no personal profit and in cases where the director, officer or agent was not culpable. 
 E. The Company recognizes that the issues in controversy in litigation against a director, officer or agent of a corporation such as the Company or its subsidiaries are often related to the knowledge, motives and intent of such director, officer or agent, that he is usually the only witness with knowledge of the essential facts and exculpating circumstances regarding such matters, and that the long period of time which usually elapses before the trial or other disposition of such litigation often extends beyond the time that the director, officer or agent can reasonably recall such matters and may extend beyond the normal time for retirement for such director, officer or agent with the result that he, after retirement or in the event of his death, his spouse, heirs, executors or administrators, may be faced with limited ability and undue hardship in maintaining an adequate defense, which may discourage such a director, officer or agent from serving in that position. 
 F. Based upon their experience as business managers, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board has concluded that, to retain and attract talented and experienced individuals to serve as directors, officers and agents of the Company and its subsidiaries and to encourage such individuals to take the business risks necessary for the success of the Company and its subsidiaries, it is necessary for the Company to contractually indemnify its directors, officers and agents and the directors, officers and agents of its subsidiaries, and to assume for itself maximum liability for expenses and damages in connection with claims against such directors, officers and agents in connection with their service to the Company and its subsidiaries, and has further concluded that the failure to provide such contractual indemnification could result in great harm to the Company and its subsidiaries and the Company's stockholders. 
 
 4863-3676-8331.v2 

G. Section 145 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, under which the Company is organized Section 145 ), empowers the Company to indemnify its directors, officers, employees and agents by agreement and to indemnify persons who serve, at the request of the Company, as the directors, officers, employees or agents of other corporations or enterprises, and expressly provides that the indemnification provided by Section 145 is not exclusive. 
 H. This Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Bylaws and Certificate of Incorporation of the Company and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder 
 I. Indemnitee may have certain rights to indemnification, advancement of expenses and or insurance provided by other persons or entities, which Indemnitee and such other persons and entities intend to be secondary to the primary obligation of the Company to indemnify and advance expenses to Indemnitee as provided herein, with the Company s acknowledgement and agreement to the foregoing being a material condition to Indemnitee s willingness to serve on the Board 
 J. The Company desires and has requested the Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve as a director, officer or agent of the Company and or one or more subsidiaries of the Company free from undue concern for claims for damages arising out of or related to such services to the Company and or one or more subsidiaries of the Company. 
 K. Indemnitee is willing to serve, or to continue to serve, the Company and or one or more subsidiaries of the Company, provided that he is furnished the indemnity provided for herein. 
 AGREEMENT 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows 
 1. Definitions . For the purposes of this Agreement 
 (a) Affiliated Stockholder is defined in Section 4(d) of this Agreement. 
 (b) Agent of the Company means any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or other agent of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company or is or was serving at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another foreign or domestic corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise or was a director, officer, employee or agent of a foreign or domestic corporation which was a predecessor corporation of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company, or was a director, officer, employee or agent of another enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of such predecessor corporation. 
 (c) Beneficial Owner shall have the meaning given to such term in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act provided, however, that Beneficial Owner shall exclude any Person otherwise becoming a Beneficial Owner by reason of the stockholders of the Company approving a merger of the Company with another entity. 
 (d) Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events 
 2 
 4863-3676-8331.v2 

(i) Acquisition of Stock by Third Party . Any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner (as defined below), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing twenty percent (20 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities unless the change in relative Beneficial Ownership of the Company s securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors 
 (ii) Change in Board . During any period of two (2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2 3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a least a majority of the members of the Board 
 (iii) Corporate Transactions . The effective date of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) more than fifty-one percent (51 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation and with the power to elect at least a majority of the Board or other governing body of such surviving entity 
 (iv) Liquidation . The approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets and 
 (v) Other Events . There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement. 
 (e) Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 (f) Expenses include all out of pocket expenses or costs of any type or nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, all attorneys fees and related disbursements), actually 'and reasonably incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with either the investigation, defense or appeal of a Proceeding or establishing or enforcing a right to indemnification under this Agreement or Section 145 or otherwise provided, however, that expenses shall not include any judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties, or amounts paid in settlement of a Proceeding. 
 (g) Fund Indemnitors is defined in Section 9(b) of this Agreement. 
 (h) Independent Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither at present is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent (i) the Company or an Indemnified Party in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning an Indemnified Party under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in 
 3 
 4863-3676-8331.v2 

representing either the Company or an Indemnified Party in an action to determine an Indemnified Party s rights under this Agreement. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees of the Independent Counsel referred to above and to fully indemnify such counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 
 (i) Indemnified Party and Indemnified Parties mean Affiliated Stockholders and Agents of an Affiliated Stockholder (to the extent provided by Sections 1(f), 1(h), 5 through 8, 9(d), 10 and 20 of this Agreement) and also includes the Indemnitee. 
 (j) Person shall have the meaning stated in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act provided, however, that Person shall exclude (i) the Company, (ii) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company and (iii) any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company. 
 (k) Proceeding means any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or other Proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative. 
 (l) Subsidiary means any corporation of which more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities is owned directly or indirectly by the Company, by the Company and one or more other subsidiaries, or by one or more other subsidiaries. 
 2. Agreement to Serve . The Indemnitee agrees to serve and or continue to serve as agent of the Company, at its will (or under separate agreement, if such agreement exists), in the capacity Indemnitee currently serves as an agent of the Company, so long as he is duly appointed or elected and qualified in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bylaws of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company or until such time as he tenders his resignation in writing provided, however, that nothing contained in this Agreement is intended to create any right to continued employment by Indemnitee. 
 3. Liability Insurance . 
 (a) Maintenance of D&O Insurance . The Company hereby covenants and agrees that, so long as the Indemnitee shall continue to serve as an agent of the Company and thereafter so long as the Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding by reason of the fact that the Indemnitee was an agent of the Company, the Company, subject to Section 3(c), shall promptly obtain and maintain in full force and effect directors and officers liability insurance D&O Insurance in reasonable amounts from established and reputable insurers. 
 (b) Rights and Benefits . In all policies of D&O Insurance, the Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Company's directors, if the Indemnitee is a director or of the Company's officers, if the Indemnitee is not a director of the Company but is an officer or of the Company's key employees, if the Indemnitee is not a director or officer but is a key employee. 
 (c) Limitation on Required Maintenance of D&O Insurance . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall have no obligation to obtain or maintain D&O Insurance if the Company determines in good faith that such insurance is not reasonably available, the premium costs for such insurance are disproportionate to the amount of coverage provided, the coverage provided by such insurance is limited by exclusions so as to provide an insufficient benefit, or the Indemnitee is covered by similar insurance maintained by a subsidiary of the Company. 
 4 
 4863-3676-8331.v2 

4. Mandatory Indemnification . Subject to Section 8 below, the Company shall indemnify the Indemnitee as follows 
 (a) Successful Defense . To the extent the Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any Proceeding (including, without limitation, an action by or in the right of the Company) to which the Indemnitee was a party by reason of the fact that he is or was an Agent of the Company at any time, against all expenses of any type whatsoever actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the investigation, defense or appeal of such Proceeding. 
 (b) Proceedings Other Than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company . If the Indemnitee is a Person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (other than an action by or in the right of the Company) by reason of the fact that he is or was an Agent of the Company, or by reason of anything done or not done by him in any such capacity, the Company shall indemnify the Indemnitee against any and all expenses and liabilities of any type whatsoever (including, but not limited to, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, and amounts paid in settlement) imposed by a court or governmental entity or otherwise actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the investigation, defense, settlement or appeal of such Proceeding, provided the Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, and, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. 
 (c) Derivative Actions or Other Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company . If the Indemnitee is a Person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company by reason of the fact that he is or was an Agent of the Company, or by reason of anything done or not done by him in any such capacity, the Company shall indemnify the Indemnitee against all expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the investigation, defense, settlement, or appeal of such Proceeding, provided the Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and its stockholders except that no indemnification under this Section 4(c) shall be made in respect to any claim, issue or matter as to which such Person shall have been finally adjudged to be liable to the Company by a court of competent jurisdiction unless and only to the extent that the court in which such Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such Person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such amounts which the court shall deem proper. 
 (d) Indemnification of Affiliated Stockholder . If (i) Indemnitee is or was affiliated with one (1) or more investment funds or firms that has invested in the Company (an Affiliated Stockholder ), and (ii) the Affiliated Stockholder is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant in any Proceeding, and (iii) the Affiliated Stockholder s involvement in the Proceeding (A) arises primarily out of, or relates to, any action taken by the Company that was approved by the Company s Board, and (B) arises out of facts or circumstances that are the same or substantially similar to the facts and circumstances that form the basis of claims that have been, could have been or could be brought against the Indemnitee in a Proceeding, regardless of whether the legal basis of the claims against the Indemnitee and the Affiliated Stockholder are the same or similar, then the Affiliated Stockholder shall be entitled to all rights and remedies, including with respect to indemnification and advancement, provided to the Indemnitee under this Agreement as if the Affiliated Stockholder were the Indemnitee. The rights provided to the Affiliated Stockholder under this Section 4(d) shall be suspended during any period during which the Affiliated Stockholder does not have a representative on the Company s Board provided, however, that in the event of any such suspension or termination, the Affiliated Stockholder s rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses will not be suspended or terminated with 
 5 
 4863-3676-8331.v2 

respect to any Proceeding based in whole or in part on facts and circumstances occurring at any time prior to such suspension or termination regardless of whether the Proceeding arises before or after such suspension or termination. The Company and Indemnitee intend and agree that the Affiliated Stockholder is an express third-party beneficiary of the terms of this Section 4(d). 
 (e) Actions where Indemnitee is Deceased . If the Indemnitee is a Person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding by reason of the fact that he is or was an Agent of the Company, or by reason of anything done or not done by him in any such capacity, and if prior to, during the pendency of after completion of such Proceeding Indemnitee becomes deceased, the Company shall indemnify the Indemnitee's heirs, executors and administrators against any and all expenses and liabilities of any type whatsoever (including, but not limited to, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred to the extent Indemnitee would have been entitled to indemnification pursuant to Sections 4(a), 4(b), or 4(c) above were Indemnitee still alive. 
 (f) Indemnification for Expenses of a Witness . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that the Indemnitee or an Agent of an Affiliated Stockholder is, by reason of his or her corporate status or affiliation with Indemnitee, a witness, or is made (or asked) to respond to discovery requests, in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee or such Agent of an Affiliated Stockholder is not a party, he or she shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her, or on his or her behalf, in connection therewith. 
 
 (g) Notwithstanding the foregoing, and except as provided in Section 9(b) of this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee for expenses or liabilities of any type whatsoever (including, but not limited to, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, and amounts paid in settlement) for which payment is actually made to Indemnitee under a valid and collectible insurance policy of D&O Insurance, or under another valid and enforceable indemnity clause, by-law or agreement. 
 5. Partial Indemnification and Contribution . 
 (a) If an Indemnified Parties is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion of any expenses or liabilities of any type whatsoever (including, but not limited to, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, and amounts paid in settlement) incurred by him, her or it in the investigation, defense, settlement or appeal of a Proceeding, but not entitled, however, to indemnification for all of the total amount of this Agreement, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify the Indemnified Party for such total amount except as to the portion of this Agreement to which the Indemnified Party is not entitled. 
 (b) Whether or not the indemnification provided in Section 4 of this Agreement is available, in respect of any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with an Indemnified Party (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), the Company shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount of any judgment or settlement of such Proceeding without requiring the Indemnified Party to contribute to such payment and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have against Indemnitee. The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with an Indemnified Party (or would be if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against the Indemnified Party. 
 (c) Without diminishing or impairing the obligations of the Company set forth in the preceding subparagraph, if, for any reason, an Indemnified Party shall elect or be required to pay 
 6 
 4863-3676-8331.v2 

all or any portion of any judgment or settlement in any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with the Indemnified Party (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), the Company shall contribute to the amount of Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred and paid or payable by the Indemnified Party in proportion to the relative benefits received by the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than the Indemnified Party, who are jointly liable with the Indemnified Party (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and the Indemnified Party, on the other hand, from the transaction or events from which such Proceeding arose provided, however, that the proportion determined on the basis of relative benefit may, to the extent necessary to conform to law, be further adjusted by reference to the relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company other than the Indemnified Party who are jointly liable with the Indemnified Party (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and the Indemnified Party, on the other hand, in connection with the transaction or events that resulted in such expenses, judgments, fines or settlement amounts, as well as any other equitable considerations which applicable law may require to be considered. The relative fault of the Company and all officers, directors or employees of the Company, other than the Indemnified Party, who are jointly liable with the Indemnified Party (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), on the one hand, and the Indemnified Party, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the degree to which their actions were motivated by intent to gain personal profit or advantage, the degree to which their liability is primary or secondary and the degree to which their conduct is active or passive. 
 (d) The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold Indemnified Parties harmless from any claims of contribution which may be brought by officers, directors, or employees of the Company, other than the Indemnified Parties, who may be jointly liable with the Indemnified Parties. 
 (e) To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to an Indemnified Party for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying the Indemnified Party, shall contribute to the amount incurred by the Indemnified Party, whether for judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and or for Expenses, in connection with any claim relating to an indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and the Indemnified Party as a result of the event(s) and or transaction(s) giving cause to such Proceeding and or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and Agents) and the Indemnified Party in connection with such event(s) and or transaction(s). 
 6. Mandatory Advancement of Expenses . Subject to Section 8(a) below, the Company shall advance all expenses incurred by an Indemnified Party in connection with the investigation, defense, settlement or appeal of any Proceeding to which the Indemnified Party is a party or is threatened to be made a party by reason of the fact that the Indemnitee is or was an Agent of the Company or the Affiliated Stockholder satisfies the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) of this Agreement. Indemnitee (and, as applicable, an Affiliated Stockholder or an Agent of an Affiliated Stockholder) hereby undertakes to repay such amounts advanced only if, and to the extent that, it shall be determined ultimately that the Indemnitee (or, as applicable, the Affiliated Stockholder or the Agent of an Affiliated Stockholder) is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company as authorized hereby. The advances to be made hereunder shall be paid by the Company to the Indemnitee (or, as applicable, the Affiliated Stockholder or the Agent of an Affiliated Stockholder) within twenty (20) days following delivery of a written request therefor by the Indemnitee (or, as applicable, the Affiliated Stockholder or the Agent of an Affiliated Stockholder) to the Company. 
 7 
 4863-3676-8331.v2 

7. Procedures and Presumptions for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification . It is the intent of this Agreement to secure for the Indemnified Parties rights of indemnity that are as favorable as may be permitted under the DGCL and public policy of the State of Delaware. Accordingly, the parties agree that the following procedures and presumptions shall apply in the event of any question as to whether an Indemnified Party is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement 
 (a) To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, an Indemnified Party shall submit to the Company a written request, including such documentation and information as is reasonably available to the Indemnified Party and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent the Indemnified Party is entitled to indemnification. The Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that the Indemnified Party has requested indemnification. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any failure of an Indemnified Party to provide such a request to the Company, or to provide such a request in a timely fashion, shall not relieve the Company of any liability that it may have to that Indemnified Party unless, and to the extent that, such failure actually and materially prejudices the interests of the Company. The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own Expense. 
 (b) Upon written request by an Indemnified Party for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of Section 7(a) of this Agreement, a determination with respect to the Indemnified Party s entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case by one of the following four methods, the choice of which method shall be at the election of the Board, unless there has been a Change in Control within the meaning of Section 1(d), in which case method (iii), use of an Independent Counsel, must be chosen 
 (i) by a majority vote of the disinterested directors, even though less than a quorum, 
 (ii) by a committee of disinterested directors designated by a majority vote of the disinterested directors, even though less than a quorum, 
 (iii) if there are no disinterested directors or if the disinterested directors so direct or if there has been a Change in Control within the meaning of Section 1(d), by the Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to the Indemnified Parties, or 
 (iv) if so directed by the Board, by the stockholders of the Company. 
 For purposes of this Section 7, disinterested directors are those members of the Board who are not parties to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is sought by an Indemnified Party. 
 (c) If the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 7(b)(iii), the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 7(c). The Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board. An Indemnified Party may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company a written objection to such selection provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 1(h) of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If a written objection is made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court has determined that 
 8 
 4863-3676-8331.v2 

such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by an Indemnified Party of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 7(a) of this Agreement, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or the Indemnified Party may petition the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or other court of competent jurisdiction for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Indemnified Party to the Company s selection of Independent Counsel and or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the court or by such other person as the court shall designate, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 7(b) of this Agreement. The Company shall pay any and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by such Independent Counsel in connection with acting pursuant to Section 7(b) of this Agreement, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees and expenses incurred by the Company and the Indemnified Parties incident to the procedures of this Section 7(c), regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected or appointed. 
 (d) In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person or persons or entity making such determination shall presume that the Indemnified Party is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or independent legal counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because an Indemnified Party has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by its directors or independent legal counsel) that an Indemnified Party has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that an Indemnified Party has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 
 (e) An Indemnified Party shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if the Indemnified Party s action is based on the records or books of account of the Company and its Subsidiaries, including financial statements, or on information supplied to the Indemnified Party by the officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Company and its Subsidiaries or on information or records given or reports made to the Company and its Subsidiaries by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Company and its Subsidiaries. The provisions of this Section 7(e) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which the Indemnified Party may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement. In addition, the knowledge and or actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, Agent or employee of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not be imputed to an Indemnified Party for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. Whether or not the foregoing provisions of this Section 7(e) are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that an Indemnified Party has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 
 (f) If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 7(b) to determine whether an Indemnified Party is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and the Indemnified Party shall be entitled to such indemnification absent (i) a misstatement by the Indemnified Party of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make the Indemnified Party s statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law provided, however, that such sixty (60) day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an 
 9 
 4863-3676-8331.v2 

additional thirty (30) days, if the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time to obtain or evaluate documentation and or information relating thereto and provided further, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 7(f) shall not apply if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the stockholders pursuant to Section 7(b)(iv) of this Agreement and if (A) within fifteen (15) days after receipt by the Company of the request for such determination, the Board or the Disinterested Directors, if appropriate, resolve to submit such determination to the stockholders for their consideration at an annual meeting of stockholders to be held within seventy five (75) days after such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or (B) a special meeting of stockholders is called within fifteen (15) days after such receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within sixty (60) days after having been so called and such determination is made thereat. 
 (g) An Indemnified Party shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to an Indemnified Party s entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to the Indemnified Party and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any Independent Counsel, member of the Board or stockholder of the Company shall act reasonably and in good faith in making a determination regarding the Indemnified Party s entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement. Any costs or expenses (including attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by an Indemnified Party in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to the Indemnified Party s entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold the Indemnified Party harmless therefrom. 
 (h) In the event that any Proceeding to which an Indemnified Party is a party is resolved in any manner other than by adverse judgment against the Indemnified Party (including, without limitation, settlement of such Proceeding with or without payment of money or other consideration) it shall be presumed that the Indemnified Party has been successful on the merits or otherwise in such Proceeding. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence. 
 (i) The termination of any Proceeding, or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of an Indemnified Party to indemnification or create a presumption that the Indemnified Party did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that the Indemnified Party had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. 
 8. Exceptions . Any other provision herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company shall not be obligated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement 
 (a) To indemnify or advance expenses to an Indemnified Party with respect to Proceedings or claims initiated or brought voluntarily by the Indemnified Party and not by way of defense, unless 
 (i) such indemnification is expressly required to be made by law, 
 (ii) the Proceeding was authorized by the Board, 
 10 
 4863-3676-8331.v2 

(iii) such indemnification is provided by the Company, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under the General Corporation Law of Delaware or 
 (iv) the Proceeding is brought to establish or enforce a right to indemnification under this Agreement or any other statute or law or otherwise as required under Section 145. 
 (b) To indemnify the Indemnified Party for (i) an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by the Indemnified Party of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law, (ii) any reimbursement of the Company by the Indemnified Party of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any profits realized by the Indemnified Party from the sale of securities of the Company, as required in each case under the Exchange Act (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Company pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), as modified by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and further modified by 15 U.S.C. 78u(d), or the payment to the Company of profits arising from the purchase and sale by the Indemnified Party of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) or (iii) any reimbursement of the Company by the Indemnified Party of any compensation pursuant to any compensation recoupment or clawback policy adopted by the Board or the compensation committee of the Board, including but not limited to any such policy adopted to comply with stock exchange listing requirements implementing Section 10D of the Exchange Act. 
 9. Non-exclusivity . 
 (a) The provisions for indemnification and advancement of expenses set forth in this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights which the Indemnitee may have under any provision of law, the Company's Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, the vote of the Company's stockholders or disinterested directors, other agreements, or otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and to action in another capacity while occupying his position as an Agent of the Company, and the Indemnitee's rights hereunder shall continue after the Indemnitee has ceased acting as an Agent of the Company and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of the Indemnitee. 
 (b) The Company hereby acknowledges that Indemnitee has certain rights to indemnification, advancement of expenses and or insurance provided by other persons or entities with which Indemnitee is employed, otherwise associated or pursuant to any agreement between Indemnitee and any such other person or entity (collectively, the Alternate Indemnitors ). The Company hereby agrees (i) that it is the indemnitor of first resort i.e. , its obligations to Indemnitee are primary and any obligation of the Alternate Indemnitors to advance expenses or to provide indemnification for the same expenses or liabilities incurred by an Indemnified Party are secondary), (ii) that it shall be required to advance the full amount of expenses incurred by Indemnitee and shall be liable for the full amount of all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement to the extent legally permitted and as required by the terms of this Agreement and the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company (or any other agreement between the Company and Indemnitee), without regard to any rights Indemnitee may have against the Alternate Indemnitors, and (iii) that it irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases the Alternate Indemnitors from any and all claims against the Alternate Indemnitors for contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in respect of this Agreement. The Company further agrees that no advancement or payment by the Alternate Indemnitors on behalf of Indemnitee with respect to any claim for which Indemnitee has sought indemnification from the Company shall affect the foregoing and the Alternate Indemnitors shall have a right of 
 11 
 4863-3676-8331.v2 

contribution and or be subrogated to the extent of such advancement or payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee against the Company. The Company and Indemnitee agree that the Fund Indemnitors are express third party beneficiaries of the terms of this Section 9(b). 
 (c) Except as provided in Section 9(b) above, in the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee (other than against the Fund Indemnitors), who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. 
 (d) Except as provided in Section 9(b) above, the Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder if and to the extent that an Indemnified Party has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise. 
 (e) Except as provided in Section 9(b) above, the Company s obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement of expenses from such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. 
 10. Enforcement and Remedies of an Indemnified Party . 
 (a) In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement that an Indemnified Party is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification is made pursuant to Section 7(b) of this Agreement within ninety (90) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 4(a), 4(d), 4(f) or 5(a) or the last sentence of Section 7(g) of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, or (v) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 4(b) or 4(c) of this Agreement within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that the Indemnified Party is entitled to indemnification or such determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement, the Indemnified Party shall be entitled to an adjudication in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or, at the option of the Indemnified Party, in an arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, of the Indemnified Party s entitlement to such indemnification. The Indemnified Party shall commence such Proceeding seeking an adjudication within one hundred eighty (180) days following the date on which the Indemnified Party first has the right to commence such Proceeding pursuant to this Section 10(a). The Company shall not oppose the Indemnified Party s right to seek any such adjudication. 
 (b) In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 7(b) of this Agreement that an Indemnified Party is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial Proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 10 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial on the merits, and the Indemnified Party shall not be prejudiced by reason of the adverse determination under Section 7(b). 
 (c) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 7(b) of this Agreement that an Indemnified Party is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial Proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 10, absent (i) a misstatement by the Indemnified Party of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact 
 12 
 4863-3676-8331.v2 

necessary to make the Indemnified Party s misstatement not materially misleading in connection with the application for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law. 
 (d) In the event that an Indemnified Party, pursuant to this Section 10, seeks a judicial adjudication of his or her rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement, or to recover under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, the Company shall pay on his or her behalf, in advance, any and all expenses (of the types described in the definition of Expenses in Section 1 of this Agreement) actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in such judicial adjudication, regardless of whether the Indemnified Party ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement of expenses or insurance recovery. 
 (e) The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial Proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section 10 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. It is the intent of the Company that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Indemnified Party not be required to incur legal fees or other Expenses associated with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of the Indemnified Party s rights under this Agreement by litigation or otherwise because the cost and expense thereof would substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to the Indemnified Party hereunder. The Company shall indemnify an Indemnified Party against any and all Expenses and, if requested by the Indemnified Party, shall (within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefore) advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, such expenses to the Indemnified Party, which are incurred by the Indemnified Party in connection with any action brought by the Indemnified Party for indemnification or advance of Expenses from the Company under this Agreement or under any directors and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, if, in the case of indemnification, the Indemnified Party is wholly successful on the underlying claims if an Indemnified Party is not wholly successful on the underlying claims, then such indemnification shall be only to the extent the Indemnified Party is successful on such underlying claims or otherwise as permitted by law, whichever is greater. 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no determination as to entitlement to indemnification under this Agreement shall be required to be made prior to the final disposition of the Proceeding. 
 11. Subrogation . In the event the Company is obligated to make a payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery under any valid and collectible insurance policy of D&O Insurance or another indemnity agreement covering the Indemnified Party, who shall execute all documents required and shall do all acts that may be necessary to secure such rights and to enable the Company effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights. 
 12. Survival of Rights . 
 (a) All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee is an Agent of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible claim or threatened, pending or completed Proceeding, whether civil, criminal, arbitrational, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that Indemnitee was serving in the capacity referred to herein. 
 (b) The Company shall require any successor to the Company (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the 
 13 
 4863-3676-8331.v2 

business or assets of the Company, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 
 13. Interpretation of Agreement . It is understood that the parties hereto intend this Agreement to be interpreted and enforced so as to provide indemnification to the Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law including those circumstances in which indemnification would otherwise be discretionary. The headings of the Sections and subsections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction of this Agreement. 
 
 14. Severability . If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever, (i) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of the Agreement (including without limitation, all portions of any paragraphs of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that are not themselves invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and (ii) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, all portions of any paragraph of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that are not themselves invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable and to give effect to Section 13 of this Agreement. 
 15. Savings Clause . If this Agreement or any portion of it is invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the Company shall nevertheless indemnify an Indemnified Party as to expenses, judgments, fines, penalties or ERISA excise taxes with respect to any Proceeding to the full extent permitted by any applicable portion of this Agreement that shall not have been invalidated or by any other applicable law. 
 16. Modification and Waiver . No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 
 17. Reliance Integration Bar Orders . 
 (a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumes the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as an officer or director of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as an officer or director of the Company. 
 (b) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. 
 (c) The Company shall not seek from a court, or agree to, a bar order which would have the effect of prohibiting or limiting the Indemnitee s rights to receive advancement of expenses under this Agreement. 
 18. Notice . All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given (i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the party addressee or (ii) if mailed by prepaid certified mail or prepaid 
 14 
 4863-3676-8331.v2 

overnight courier or (iii) if transmitted by facsimile or electronic mail transmission (including PDF). Any such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given on (i) the day such notice or communication is personally delivered, (ii) three (3) days after such notice or communication is mailed by prepaid certified or registered mail, (iii) one (1) working day after such notice or communication is sent by overnight courier, or (iv) the day such notice or communication is faxed or sent electronically, provided that the sender has received a confirmation of such fax or electronic transmission. Addresses for notice to either party are as shown on the signature page of this Agreement. A party may, for purposes of this Agreement, change his, her or its address, fax number, email address or the person to whom a notice or other communication is marked to the attention of, by giving notice of such change to the other party pursuant to this Section 18. 
 19. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 
 
 20. Governing Law and Consent to Jurisdiction . This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. The Company and the Indemnified Parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) agree that, except as provided in Section 10(a) of this Agreement (regarding arbitration), any Proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the Delaware Court ), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country, (ii) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any Proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (iii) appoint, to the extent such party is not otherwise subject to service of process in the State of Delaware, irrevocably Incorporating Services, Ltd., 3500 South DuPont Hwy., Dover, Delaware 19901 as its agent in the State of Delaware as such party s agent for acceptance of legal process in connection with any such Proceeding against such party with the same legal force and validity as if served upon such party personally within the State of Delaware, (iv) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such Proceeding in the Delaware Court, and (v) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such Proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. 
 
 THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE HAS BEEN INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK. 
 15 
 4863-3676-8331.v2 

The parties hereto have entered into this Indemnity Agreement effective as of the date first above written. 
 THE COMPANY IMMERSION CORPORATION 

By _________________________ 
 Its _________________________ Address 2999 N.E. 191 st Street, Suite 610 Aventura, FL 33180 
 Email ____________________ 
 Facsimile ____________________ 
 
 INDEMNITEE 

NAME 
 
 Address 

____________________________________ 
 
 Email ___________________________ 
 Facsimile (if any) __________________ 

16 
 4863-3676-8331.v2 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.9>
 5
 immr12312022form10-kex109.htm
 EX-10.9

Document 

IMMERSION CORPORATION 
 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN (as amended and restated January 20, 2023) 
 1. PURPOSE . The purpose of this Plan is to provide incentives to attract, retain and motivate eligible persons whose present and potential contributions are important to the success of the Company, and any Parents and Subsidiaries that exist now or in the future, by offering them an opportunity to participate in the Company s future performance through the grant of Awards. Capitalized terms not defined elsewhere in the text are defined in Section 28. 
 2. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN . 
 2.1 Number of Shares Available . Subject to Sections 2.5 and 21 and any other applicable provisions hereof, the total number of Shares reserved and available for grant and issuance pursuant to this Plan as of the Effective Date of the Plan is 3,525,119 Shares plus shares that are subject to stock options or other awards granted under the Company s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the Prior 2011 Plan that cease to be subject to such awards after the Effective Date for any reason other than the exercise, vesting or settlement thereof and, had the award been granted under this Plan, would have again become available for grant and issuance in connection with subsequent Awards under this Plan pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof (up to a maximum of 855,351 Shares). Any Award shall reduce the number of Shares available for issuance under this Plan at the rate of one (1) for one (1) if such Shares were subject to an Option or SAR and at the rate of one and three quarters (1.75) for one (1) if subject to an Award other than an Option or SAR. 
 2.2 Lapsed, Returned Awards . Shares subject to Awards, and Shares issued under the Plan under any Award, will again be available for grant and issuance in connection with subsequent Awards under this Plan to the extent such Shares (a) are subject to issuance upon exercise of an Option or SAR granted under this Plan but which cease to be subject to the Option or SAR for any reason other than exercise of the Option or SAR (b) are subject to Awards granted under this Plan that are forfeited or are repurchased by the Company at the original issue price (c) are subject to Awards granted under this Plan that otherwise terminate without such Shares being issued or (d) are surrendered pursuant to an Exchange Program. The following Shares may not again be made available for future grant and issuance as Awards under the Plan (i) Shares that are withheld to pay the exercise or purchase price of an Award or to satisfy any tax withholding obligations in connection with an Award, (ii) Shares not issued or delivered as a result of the net settlement of an outstanding Option or SAR or (iii) shares of the Company s Common Stock repurchased on the open market with the proceeds of an Option exercise price. To the extent that any Award is forfeited, repurchased or terminates without Shares being issued, Shares may again be available for issuance under this Plan at the rate of one (1) for one (1) if such shares were subject to an Option or SAR and at the rate of one and three quarters (1.75) for one (1) if subject to an Award other than an Option or SAR. 
 2.3 Minimum Share Reserve . At all times the Company shall reserve and keep available a sufficient number of Shares as shall be required to satisfy the requirements of all outstanding Awards granted under this Plan. 
 2.4 Limitations . No more than 20,000,000 Shares shall be issued pursuant to the exercise of ISOs. 
 2.5 Adjustment of Shares . If the number of outstanding Shares is changed by an extraordinary cash dividend, stock dividend, recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, subdivision, combination, reclassification or similar change in the capital structure of the Company, without consideration, then (a) the number of Shares reserved for issuance and future grant under the Plan set forth in Sections 2.1 or 2.2, (b) the Exercise Prices of and number of Shares subject to outstanding Options and SARs, (c) the number of Shares subject to other outstanding Awards, (d) the maximum number of Shares that may be issued as ISOs set forth in Section 2.4, (e) the maximum number of Shares that may be issued to an individual or to a new Employee in any one calendar year set forth in Section 3 and (f) the number of Shares that are granted as Awards to Non-Employee Directors as set forth in Section 12, shall be proportionately adjusted, subject to any required action by the Board or the stockholders of the Company and in compliance with applicable securities laws provided that fractions of a Share will not be issued. 

2.6 Vesting Restriction . No portion of any Award shall have an initial vesting period pursuant to which vesting occurs prior to the first anniversary of the date of grant of the Award provided , that the Committee may accelerate vesting on a discretionary basis. For purposes of Awards to Non-Employee Directors, a vesting period will be deemed to be one year if it runs from the date of one annual meeting of the Company s stockholders to the earlier of (i) the one-year anniversary of the date of grant of such Award, and (ii) immediately prior to the next annual stockholders meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, up to 5 of the Shares authorized for grant pursuant to Section 2.1 may be granted with a minimum vesting schedule of less than one year. 
 3. ELIGIBILITY . ISOs may be granted only to Employees. All other Awards may be granted to Employees, Consultants, Directors and Non-Employee Directors of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company provided such Consultants, Directors and Non-Employee Directors render bona fide services not in connection with the offer and sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction. No Participant will be eligible to receive an Award for more than one million (1,000,000) Shares in any calendar year under this Plan except that new Employees of the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company (including new Employees who are also officers and directors of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company) are eligible to receive an Award for up to a maximum of two million (2,000,000) Shares in the calendar year in which they commence their employment. 
 4. ADMINISTRATION . 
 4.1 Committee Composition Authority . This Plan will be administered by the Committee or by the Board acting as the Committee. Subject to the general purposes, terms and conditions of this Plan, and to the direction of the Board, the Committee will have full power to implement and carry out this Plan, except, however, the Board shall establish the terms for the grant of an Award to Non-Employee Directors. The Committee will have the authority to 
 (a) construe and interpret this Plan, any Award Agreement and any other agreement or document executed pursuant to this Plan 
 (b) prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to this Plan or any Award 
 (c) select persons to receive Awards 
 (d) determine the form and terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award granted hereunder. Such terms and conditions include, but are not limited to, the exercise price, the time or times when Awards may vest and be exercised or settled (which may be based on performance criteria), any vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions, the method to satisfy tax withholding obligations or any other tax liability and any restriction or limitation regarding any Award or the Shares relating thereto, based in each case on such factors as the Committee will determine 
 
 (e) determine the number of Shares or other consideration subject to Awards 
 (f) determine the Fair Market Value in good faith, if necessary 
 (g) determine whether Awards will be granted singly, in combination with, in tandem with, in replacement of, or as alternatives to, other Awards under this Plan or any other incentive or compensation plan of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company 
 (h) grant waivers of Plan or Award conditions 
 (i) determine the vesting (subject to Section 2.6), exercisability and payment of Awards 
 (j) correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in this Plan, any Award or any Award Agreement 
 (k) determine whether an Award has been earned 
 (l) subject to Section 18, determine the terms and conditions of any, and to institute any Exchange Program 
 2 

(m) reduce or waive any criteria with respect to Performance Factors 
 (n) adjust Performance Factors to take into account changes in law and accounting or tax rules as the Committee deems necessary or appropriate to reflect the impact of extraordinary or unusual items, events or circumstances to avoid windfalls or hardships 
 (o) adopt rules and or procedures (including the adoption of any subplan under this Plan and country addenda to Award Agreements) relating to the operation and administration of the Plan to accommodate grants to Participants residing outside of the United States 
 (p) delegate any of the foregoing to a subcommittee consisting of one or more executive officers pursuant to a specific delegation as permitted by applicable law, including Section 157(c) of the Delaware General Corporation Law and 
 (q) make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of this Plan. 
 4.2 Committee Interpretation and Discretion . Any determination made by the Committee with respect to any Award shall be made in its sole discretion at the time of grant of the Award or, unless in contravention of any express term of the Plan or Award, at any later time, and such determination shall be final and binding on the Company and all persons having an interest in any Award under the Plan. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of the Plan or any Award Agreement shall be submitted by the Participant or Company to the Committee for review. The resolution of such a dispute by the Committee shall be final and binding on the Company and the Participant. The Committee may delegate to one or more executive officers the authority to review and resolve disputes with respect to Awards held by Participants who are not Insiders, and such resolution shall be final and binding on the Company and the Participant. 
 4.3 Section 16 of the Exchange Act . Awards granted to Participants who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act must be approved by two or more non-employee directors (as defined in the regulations promulgated under Section 16 of the Exchange Act). 
 
 4.4 Documentation . The Award Agreement for a given Award, the Plan and any other documents may be delivered to, and accepted by, a Participant or any other person in any manner (including electronic distribution or posting) that meets applicable legal requirements. 
 4.5 Foreign Award Recipients . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in order to comply with the laws in other countries in which the Company and any Subsidiary operate or have employees or other individuals eligible for Awards, the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to (a) determine which Subsidiary shall be covered by the Plan (b) determine which individuals outside the United States are eligible to participate in the Plan (c) modify the terms and conditions of any Award granted to individuals outside the United States (d) establish subplans and addenda to Award Agreements and modify exercise procedures and other terms and procedures, to the extent the Committee determines such actions to be necessary or advisable (and such subplans and or modifications shall be attached to this Plan as appendices and any addenda to the Award Agreements) provided , however, that no such subplans, addenda to Award Agreements and or modifications shall increase the share limitations contained in Section 2.1 hereof and (e) take any action, before or after an Award is made, that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable to obtain approval or comply with any local governmental regulatory exemptions or approvals. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may not take any actions hereunder, and no Awards shall be granted, that would violate the Exchange Act or any other applicable United States securities law, the Code, or any other applicable United States governing statute or law. 
 5. OPTIONS . The Committee may grant Options to Participants and will determine whether such Options will be Incentive Stock Options within the meaning of the Code ISOs or Nonqualified Stock Options NQSOs ), the number of Shares subject to the Option, the Exercise Price of the Option, the period during which the Option may vest and be exercised, and all other terms and conditions of the Option, subject to the following 
 5.1 Option Grant . Each Option granted under this Plan will identify the Option as an ISO or an NQSO. An Option may be, but need not be, awarded upon satisfaction of such Performance Factors during any Performance Period as are set out in advance in the Participant s individual Award Agreement. If the Option is being earned upon the satisfaction of Performance Factors, then the Committee will 
 3 

(x) determine the nature, length and starting date of any Performance Period for each Option and (y) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure the performance, if any. Performance Periods may overlap and Participants may participate simultaneously with respect to Options that are subject to different performance goals and other criteria. 
 5.2 Date of Grant . The date of grant of an Option will be the date on which the Committee makes the determination to grant such Option, or a specified future date. The Award Agreement and a copy of this Plan will be delivered to the Participant within a reasonable time after the granting of the Option. 
 5.3 Exercise Period . Options may be vested and exercisable within the times or upon the conditions as set forth in the Award Agreement governing such Option provided , however , that no Option will be exercisable after the expiration of seven (7) years from the date the Option is granted and provided further that no ISO granted to a person who, at the time the ISO is granted, directly or by attribution owns more than ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or of any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company Ten Percent Stockholder will be exercisable after the expiration of five (5) years from the date the ISO is granted. The Committee also may provide for Options to become exercisable at one time or from time to time, periodically or otherwise, in such number of Shares or percentage of Shares as the Committee determines. 
 
 5.4 Exercise Price . The Exercise Price of an Option will be determined by the Committee when the Option is granted provided that (i) the Exercise Price of an Option will be not less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of grant and (ii) the Exercise Price of any ISO granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder will not be less than one hundred ten percent (110 of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of grant. Payment for the Shares purchased may be made in accordance with Section 11 and the Award Agreement and in accordance with any procedures established by the Company. 
 5.5 Method of Exercise . Any Option granted hereunder will be vested and exercisable according to the terms of the Plan and at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement. An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share. An Option will be deemed exercised when the Company receives (i) notice of exercise (in such form as the Committee may specify from time to time) from the person entitled to exercise the Option (and or via electronic execution through the authorized third party administrator), and (ii) full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised (together with applicable withholding taxes). Full payment may consist of any consideration and method of payment authorized by the Committee and permitted by the Award Agreement and the Plan. Shares issued upon exercise of an Option will be issued in the name of the Participant. Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder will exist with respect to the Shares, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Company will issue (or cause to be issued) such Shares promptly after the Option is exercised. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as provided in Section 2.5 of the Plan. Exercising an Option in any manner will decrease the number of Shares thereafter available, both for purposes of the Plan and for sale under the Option, by the number of Shares as to which the Option is exercised. 
 5.6 Termination . The exercise of an Option will be subject to the following (except as may be otherwise provided in an Award Agreement) 
 (a) If the Participant is Terminated for any reason except for Cause or the Participant s death or Disability, then the Participant may exercise such Participant s Options only to the extent that such Options would have been exercisable by the Participant on the Termination Date no later than three (3) months after the Termination Date (or such shorter time period or longer time period not exceeding five (5) years as may be determined by the Committee, with any exercise beyond three (3) months after the Termination Date deemed to be the exercise of an NQSO), but in any event no later than the expiration date of the Options. 
 (b) If the Participant is Terminated because of the Participant s death (or the Participant dies within three (3) months after a Termination other than for Cause or because of the Participant s Disability), then the Participant s Options may be exercised only to the extent that such Options would have been exercisable by the Participant on the Termination Date and must be exercised by the Participant s legal representative, or authorized assignee, no later than twelve (12) months after the Termination Date (or such shorter time period not less than six (6) months or longer time period not 
 4 

exceeding five (5) years as may be determined by the Committee, but in any event no later than the expiration date of the Options. 
 (c) If the Participant is Terminated because of the Participant s Disability, then the Participant s Options may be exercised only to the extent that such Options would have been exercisable by the Participant on the Termination Date and must be exercised by the Participant (or the Participant s legal representative or authorized assignee) no later than twelve (12) months after the Termination Date (with any exercise beyond (a) three (3) months after the Termination Date when the Termination is for a Disability that is not a permanent and total disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, or (b) twelve (12) months after the Termination Date when the Termination is for a Disability that is a permanent and total disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, deemed to be exercise of an NQSO), but in any event no later than the expiration date of the Options. 
 (d) If the Participant is terminated for Cause, then Participant s Options shall expire on such Participant s Termination Date, or at such later time and on such conditions as are determined by the Committee, but in any no event later than the expiration date of the Options. 
 5.7 Limitations on Exercise . The Committee may specify a minimum number of Shares that may be purchased on any exercise of an Option, provided that such minimum number will not prevent any Participant from exercising the Option for the full number of Shares for which it is then exercisable. 
 5.8 Limitations on ISOs . With respect to Awards granted as ISOs, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares with respect to which such ISOs are exercisable for the first time by the Participant during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds one hundred thousand dollars 100,000), such Options will be treated as NQSOs. For purposes of this Section 5.8, ISOs will be taken into account in the order in which they were granted. The Fair Market Value of the Shares will be determined as of the time the Option with respect to such Shares is granted. In the event that the Code or the regulations promulgated thereunder are amended after the Effective Date to provide for a different limit on the Fair Market Value of Shares permitted to be subject to ISOs, such different limit will be automatically incorporated herein and will apply to any Options granted after the effective date of such amendment. 
 5.9 Modification, Extension or Renewal . The Committee may modify, extend or renew outstanding Options and authorize the grant of new Options in substitution therefore, provided that any such action may not, without the written consent of a Participant, impair any of such Participant s rights under any Option previously granted. Subject to Section 18, the Committee may (a) reduce the Exercise Price of outstanding Options or (b) grant Options in substitution for cancelled options or other Awards authorized under the Plan. Any outstanding ISO that is modified, extended, renewed or otherwise altered will be treated in accordance with Section 424(h) of the Code. 
 5.10 No Disqualification . Notwithstanding any other provision in this Plan, no term of this Plan relating to ISOs will be interpreted, amended or altered, nor will any discretion or authority granted under this Plan be exercised, so as to disqualify this Plan under Section 422 of the Code or, without the consent of the Participant affected, to disqualify any ISO under Section 422 of the Code. 
 6. RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS . 
 6.1 Awards of Restricted Stock . A Restricted Stock Award is an offer by the Company to sell to a Participant Shares that are subject to restrictions Restricted Stock ). The Committee will determine to whom an offer will be made, the number of Shares the Participant may purchase, the Purchase Price, the restrictions under which the Shares will be subject and all other terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Award, subject to the Plan. 
 6.2 Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement . All purchases under a Restricted Stock Award will be evidenced by an Award Agreement. Except as may otherwise be provided in an Award Agreement, a Participant accepts a Restricted Stock Award by signing and delivering to the Company an Award Agreement with full payment of the Purchase Price, within thirty (30) days from the date the Award Agreement was delivered to the Participant. If the Participant does not accept such Award within thirty (30) days, then the offer of such Restricted Stock Award will terminate, unless the Committee determines otherwise. 
 
 6.3 Purchase Price . The Purchase Price for a Restricted Stock Award will be determined by the Committee and may be less than Fair Market Value on the date the Restricted Stock Award is 
 5 

granted. Payment of the Purchase Price must be made in accordance with Section 11 of the Plan, and the Award Agreement and in accordance with any procedures established by the Company. 
 6.4 Terms of Restricted Stock Awards . Restricted Stock Awards will be subject to such restrictions as the Committee may impose or are required by law. These restrictions may be based on completion of a specified number of years of service with the Company or upon completion of Performance Factors, if any, during any Performance Period as set out in advance in the Participant s Award Agreement. Prior to the grant of a Restricted Stock Award, the Committee shall (a) determine the nature, length and starting date of any Performance Period for the Restricted Stock Award (b) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure performance goals, if any and (c) determine the number of Shares that may be awarded to the Participant. Performance Periods may overlap and a Participant may participate simultaneously with respect to Restricted Stock Awards that are subject to different Performance Periods and having different performance goals and other criteria. 
 6.5 Termination of Participant . Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such Participant s Termination Date (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). 
 7. STOCK BONUS AWARDS . 
 7.1 Awards of Stock Bonuses . A Stock Bonus Award is an award to an eligible person of Shares for services to be rendered or for past services already rendered to the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary. All Stock Bonus Awards shall be made pursuant to an Award Agreement. No payment from the Participant will be required for Shares awarded pursuant to a Stock Bonus Award. 
 7.2 Terms of Stock Bonus Awards . The Committee will determine the number of Shares to be awarded to the Participant under a Stock Bonus Award and any restrictions thereon. These restrictions may be based upon completion of a specified number of years of service with the Company or upon satisfaction of performance goals based on Performance Factors during any Performance Period as set out in advance in the Participant s Stock Bonus Agreement. Prior to the grant of any Stock Bonus Award the Committee shall (a) determine the nature, length and starting date of any Performance Period for the Stock Bonus Award (b) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure performance goals and (c) determine the number of Shares that may be awarded to the Participant. Performance Periods may overlap and a Participant may participate simultaneously with respect to Stock Bonus Awards that are subject to different Performance Periods and different performance goals and other criteria. 
 7.3 Form of Payment to Participant . Payment may be made in the form of cash, whole Shares, or a combination thereof, based on the Fair Market Value of the Shares earned under a Stock Bonus Award on the date of payment, as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. 
 7.4 Termination of Participation . Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such Participant s Termination Date (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). 
 8. STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS . 
 8.1 Awards of SARs . A Stock Appreciation Right SAR is an award to a Participant that may be settled in cash, or Shares (which may consist of Restricted Stock), having a value equal to (a) the difference between the Fair Market Value on the date of exercise over the Exercise Price multiplied by (b) the number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is being settled (subject to any maximum number of Shares that may be issuable as specified in an Award Agreement). All SARs shall be made pursuant to an Award Agreement. 
 8.2 Terms of SARs . The Committee will determine the terms of each SAR including, without limitation (a) the number of Shares subject to the SAR (b) the Exercise Price and the time or times during which the SAR may be settled (c) the consideration to be distributed on settlement of the SAR and (d) the effect of the Participant s Termination on each SAR. The Exercise Price of the SAR will be determined by the Committee when the SAR is granted, and may not be less than Fair Market Value. A SAR may be awarded upon satisfaction of Performance Factors, if any, during any Performance Period as are set out in advance in the Participant s individual Award Agreement. If the SAR is being earned upon the satisfaction of Performance Factors, then the Committee will (x) determine the nature, length 
 6 

and starting date of any Performance Period for each SAR and (y) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure the performance, if any. Performance Periods may overlap and Participants may participate simultaneously with respect to SARs that are subject to different Performance Factors and other criteria. 
 8.3 Exercise Period and Expiration Date . A SAR will be exercisable within the times or upon the occurrence of events determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement governing such SAR. The SAR Agreement shall set forth the expiration date provided that no SAR will be exercisable after the expiration of seven (7) years from the date the SAR is granted. The Committee may also provide for SARs to become exercisable at one time or from time to time, periodically or otherwise (including, without limitation, upon the attainment during a Performance Period of performance goals based on Performance Factors), in such number of Shares or percentage of the Shares subject to the SAR as the Committee determines. Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such Participant s Termination Date (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the rules of Section 5.6 also will apply to SARs. 
 8.4 Form of Settlement . Upon exercise of a SAR, a Participant will be entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount determined by multiplying (i) the difference between the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the Exercise Price times (ii) the number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is exercised. At the discretion of the Committee, the payment from the Company for the SAR exercise may be in cash, in Shares of equivalent value, or in some combination thereof. The portion of a SAR being settled may be paid currently or on a deferred basis with such interest or dividend equivalent, if any, as the Committee determines, provided that the terms of the SAR and any deferral satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 8.5 Termination of Participation . Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such Participant s Termination Date (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). 
 9. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS . 
 9.1 Awards of Restricted Stock Units . A Restricted Stock Unit RSU is an award to a Participant covering a number of Shares that may be settled in cash, or by issuance of those Shares (which may consist of Restricted Stock). All RSUs shall be made pursuant to an Award Agreement. 
 9.2 Terms of RSUs . The Committee will determine the terms of an RSU including, without limitation (a) the number of Shares subject to the RSU (b) the time or times during which the RSU may be settled and (c) the consideration to be distributed on settlement, and the effect of the Participant s Termination on each RSU provided that no RSU shall have a term longer than ten (10) years. An RSU may be awarded upon satisfaction of such performance goals based on Performance Factors during any Performance Period as are set out in advance in the Participant s Award Agreement. If the RSU is being earned upon satisfaction of Performance Factors, then the Committee will (x) determine the nature, length and starting date of any Performance Period for the RSU (y) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure the performance, if any and (z) determine the number of Shares deemed subject to the RSU. Performance Periods may overlap and participants may participate simultaneously with respect to RSUs that are subject to different Performance Periods and different performance goals and other criteria. 
 9.3 Form and Timing of Settlement . Payment of earned RSUs shall be made as soon as practicable after the date(s) determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may settle earned RSUs in cash, Shares, or a combination of both. The Committee may also permit a Participant to defer payment under a RSU to a date or dates after the RSU is earned provided that the terms of the RSU and any deferral satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 9.4 Termination of Participant . Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such Participant s Termination Date (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). 
 10. PERFORMANCE AWARDS . 
 7 

10.1 Performance Awards . Performance Awards may be granted in the form of a cash bonus or Performance Shares or Performance Units. Each Award Agreement evidencing a Performance Award shall specify the cash amount or the number of Performance Shares or the Performance Units subject thereto, the Performance Award Formula, the Performance Goal(s) and Performance Period applicable to the Award, and the other terms, conditions and restrictions of the Award. 
 10.2 Terms of Performance Awards . The Committee will determine the terms of a Performance Award including, without limitation (a) the amount of cash (b) the number of Shares subject to the Performance Award (c) the time or times during which the Performance Award may be settled and (d) the consideration to be distributed on settlement, and the effect of the Participant s Termination on each Performance Award. A Performance Award may be awarded upon satisfaction of such performance goals based on Performance Factors during any Performance Period as are set out in advance in the Participant s Award Agreement. If the Performance Award is being earned upon satisfaction of Performance Factors, then the Committee will (x) determine the nature, length and starting date of any Performance Period for the Performance Award (y) select from among the Performance Factors to be used to measure the performance, if any and (z) determine the number of Shares or amount of cash deemed subject to the Performance Award. Performance Periods may overlap and participants may participate simultaneously with respect to Performance Awards that are subject to different Performance Periods and different performance goals and other criteria. No Participant will be eligible to receive more than 2,000,000 in Performance Units in any calendar year. 
 10.3 Form and Timing of Settlement . Payment of earned Performance Awards shall be made as soon as practicable after the date(s) determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may settle earned Performance Awards in cash, Shares, or a combination of both. The Committee may also permit a Participant to defer payment under a Performance Award to a date or dates after the Performance Award is earned provided that the terms of the Performance Award and any deferral satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 10.4 Termination of Participant . Except as may be set forth in the Participant s Award Agreement, vesting ceases on such Participant s Termination Date (unless determined otherwise by the Committee). 
 11. PAYMENT FOR SHARE PURCHASES . 
 Payment from a Participant for Shares purchased pursuant to this Plan may be made in cash or by check or, where expressly approved for the Participant by the Committee and where permitted by law (and to the extent not otherwise set forth in the applicable Award Agreement) 
 (a) by cancellation of indebtedness of the Participant to the Company 
 (b) by surrender of shares of the Company held by the Participant that have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which said Award will be exercised or settled 
 (c) by waiver of compensation due or accrued to the Participant for services rendered or to be rendered to the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company 
 (d) by consideration received by the Company pursuant to a broker-assisted or other form of cashless exercise program implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan 
 (e) by any combination of the foregoing or 
 (f) by any other method of payment as is permitted by applicable law. 
 12. GRANTS TO NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS . 
 12.1 Types of Awards . Non-Employee Directors are eligible to receive any type of Award offered under this Plan except ISOs provided , that no Non-Employee Director shall receive Awards under the Plan that, when combined with cash compensation received for service as a Non-Employee Director, exceeds 700,000 in value (as described below) in any calendar year. The value of Awards for purposes of complying with this maximum shall be determined as follows (a) for Options and SARs, grant date fair value will be calculated using the Black-Scholes valuation methodology on the date of grant of such Option or SAR, and (b) for all other Awards other than Options and SARs, grant date fair value will be 
 8 

determined by either (i) calculating the product of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant and the aggregate number of Shares subject to the Award, or (ii) calculating the product using an average of the Fair Market Value over a number of trading days and the aggregate number of Shares subject to the Award as determined by the Committee. Awards pursuant to this Section 12 may be automatically made pursuant to policy adopted by the Board or made from time to time as determined in the discretion of the Board. 
 12.2 Eligibility . Awards pursuant to this Section 12 shall be granted only to Non-Employee Directors. A Non-Employee Director who is elected or re-elected as a member of the Board will be eligible to receive an Award under this Section 12. 
 12.3 Vesting, Exercisability and Settlement . Except as set forth in Section 21, Awards shall vest, become exercisable and be settled as determined by the Board. With respect to Options and SARs, the exercise price granted to Non-Employee Directors shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of the Shares at the time that such Option or SAR is granted. 
 12.4 Election to receive Awards in Lieu of Cash . A Non-Employee Director may elect to receive his or her annual retainer payments and or meeting fees from the Company in the form of cash or Awards or a combination thereof, as determined by the Committee. Such Awards shall be issued under the Plan. An election under this Section 12.4 shall be filed with the Company on the form prescribed by the Company. 
 13. WITHHOLDING TAXES . 
 13.1 Withholding Generally . Whenever Shares are to be issued in satisfaction of Awards granted under this Plan or the applicable tax event occurs, the Company may require the Participant to remit to the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy applicable federal, state, local and international withholding tax requirements related to the Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to the Participant prior to the delivery of Shares pursuant to exercise or settlement of any Award. Whenever payments in satisfaction of Awards granted under this Plan are to be made in cash, such payment will be net of an amount sufficient to satisfy applicable federal, state, local and international withholding tax requirements. 
 13.2 Stock Withholding . The Committee, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time, may require or permit a Participant to satisfy the Participant s tax liability, in whole or in part by (without limitation) (i) paying cash, (ii) electing to have the Company withhold otherwise deliverable cash or Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to such liability, (iii) delivering to the Company already-owned Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to such liability, or (iv) withholding from proceeds of the sale of otherwise deliverable Shares acquired pursuant to an Award either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company. The Company may withhold for such tax liability by considering applicable statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including up to the maximum permissible statutory tax rate for the applicable tax jurisdictions, to the extent consistent with applicable laws. The Fair Market Value of the Shares to be withheld or delivered will be determined as of the date that the taxes are required to be withheld. 
 14. TRANSFERABILITY . 
 14.1 Transfer Generally . Unless determined otherwise by the Committee, an Award may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution. If the Committee makes an Award transferable, including, without limitation, by instrument to an inter vivos or testamentary trust in which the Awards are to be passed to beneficiaries upon the death of the trustor (settlor) or by gift to a Permitted Transferee, such Award will contain such additional terms and conditions as the Administrator deems appropriate. 
 14.2 Award Transfer Program . Notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Plan, the Committee shall have all discretion and authority to determine and implement the terms and conditions of any Award Transfer Program instituted pursuant to this Section 14.2 and shall have the authority to amend the terms of any Award participating, or otherwise eligible to participate in, the award transfer program, including (but not limited to) the authority to (i) amend (including to extend) the expiration date, post-termination exercise period and or forfeiture conditions of any such Award, (ii) amend or remove any provisions of the Award relating to the Award holder s continued service to the Company, (iii) amend the permissible payment methods with respect to the exercise or purchase of any such Award, (iv) amend the adjustments to be implemented in the event of changes in the capitalization and other similar events with 
 9 

respect to such Award, and (v) make such other changes to the terms of such Award as the Committee deems necessary or appropriate in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, in no event will the Committee have the right to determine and implement the terms and conditions of any Award Transfer Program without stockholder approval. 
 
 15. PRIVILEGES OF STOCK OWNERSHIP RESTRICTIONS ON SHARES . 
 15.1 Voting and Dividends . No Participant will have any of the rights of a stockholder with respect to any Shares until the Shares are issued to the Participant. Except as may be approved by the Committee in its sole discretion and provided in an Award Agreement, any dividends shall be subject to the same vesting or performance restrictions as the underlying Award. After Shares are issued to the Participant, the Participant will be a stockholder and have all the rights of a stockholder with respect to such Shares, including the right to vote and receive all dividends or other distributions made or paid with respect to such Shares provided , that if such Shares are Restricted Stock, then any new, additional or different securities the Participant may become entitled to receive with respect to such Shares by virtue of a stock dividend, stock split or any other change in the corporate or capital structure of the Company will be subject to the same restrictions as the Restricted Stock, unless otherwise determined by the Committee in its sole discretion and provided in an Award Agreement provided, further , that the Participant will have no right to retain such stock dividends or stock distributions with respect to Shares that are repurchased at the Participant s Purchase Price or Exercise Price, as the case may be, pursuant to Section 15.2. However, the Committee, in its discretion, may provide in the Award Agreement evidencing any Award (other than Options or SARs) that the Participant shall be entitled to Dividend Equivalent Rights with respect to the payment of cash dividends on Shares during the period beginning on the date the Award is granted and ending, with respect to each share subject to the Award, on the earlier of the date on which the Award is exercised or settled or the date on which they are forfeited. Such Dividend Equivalent Rights, if any, shall be credited to the Participant in the form of either cash or additional whole Shares as of the date of payment of such cash dividends on Shares, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion and provided in an Award Agreement. 
 15.2 Restrictions on Shares . At the discretion of the Committee, the Company may reserve to itself and or its assignee(s) a right to repurchase (a Right of Repurchase a portion of any or all Unvested Shares held by a Participant following such Participant s Termination at any time within ninety (90) days after the later of the Participant s Termination Date and the date the Participant purchases Shares under this Plan, for cash and or cancellation of purchase money indebtedness, at the Participant s Purchase Price or Exercise Price, as the case may be. Unvested Shares, and any such dividends or stock distributions shall be accrued and paid only at such time, if any, as such unvested Shares become vested Shares. 
 16. CERTIFICATES . All Shares or other securities (whether or not certificated) delivered under this Plan will be subject to such stock transfer orders, legends and other restrictions as the Committee may deem necessary or advisable, including restrictions under any applicable federal, state or foreign securities law, or any rules, regulations and other requirements of the SEC or any stock exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Shares may be listed or quoted and any foreign exchange controls or restrictions. 
 17. ESCROW PLEDGE OF SHARES . To enforce any restrictions on a Participant s Shares, the Committee may require the Participant to deposit all certificates representing Shares, together with stock powers or other instruments of transfer approved by the Committee, appropriately endorsed in blank, with the Company or an agent designated by the Company to hold in escrow until such restrictions have lapsed or terminated, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends referencing such restrictions to be placed on the certificates. Any Participant who is permitted to execute a promissory note as partial or full consideration for the purchase of Shares under this Plan will be required to pledge and deposit with the Company all or part of the Shares so purchased as collateral to secure the payment of the Participant s obligation to the Company under the promissory note provided , however , that the Committee may require or accept other or additional forms of collateral to secure the payment of such obligation and, in any event, the Company will have full recourse against the Participant under the promissory note notwithstanding any pledge of the Participant s Shares or other collateral. In connection with any pledge of the Shares, the Participant will be required to execute and deliver a written pledge agreement in such form as the Committee will from time to time approve. The Shares purchased with the promissory note may be released from the pledge on a pro rata basis as the promissory note is paid. 
 
 18. EXCHANGE AND BUYOUT OF AWARDS . The repricing of Options or SARs is not permitted without prior stockholder approval. Repricing (which requires prior stockholder approval) is defined as amending the terms of outstanding awards to reduce the exercise price of outstanding Options or SARs 
 10 

or cancel, substitute, buyout or exchange outstanding Options or SARs in exchange for cash, other Awards or Options or SARs with an exercise price that is less than the exercise price of the original Options or SARs (other than pursuant to Sections 2.5 or 21.1). The Committee may, at any time or from time to time authorize the Company, in the case of an Option or SAR exchange with stockholder approval, and with the consent of the respective Participants (unless not required pursuant to Section 5.9 of the Plan), to pay cash or issue new Awards in exchange for the surrender and cancellation of any, or all, outstanding Awards. 
 19. SECURITIES LAW AND OTHER REGULATORY COMPLIANCE . An Award will not be effective unless such Award is in compliance with all applicable U.S. and foreign federal and state securities laws, rules and regulations of any governmental body, and the requirements of any stock exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Shares may then be listed or quoted, as they are in effect on the date of grant of the Award and also on the date of exercise or other issuance. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Plan, the Company will have no obligation to issue or deliver certificates for Shares under this Plan prior to (a) obtaining any approvals from governmental agencies that the Company determines are necessary or advisable and or (b) completion of any registration or other qualification of such Shares under any state or federal or foreign law or ruling of any governmental body that the Company determines to be necessary or advisable. The Company will be under no obligation to register the Shares with the SEC or to effect compliance with the registration, qualification or listing requirements of foreign or state securities laws, stock exchange, exchange control or automated quotation system, and the Company will have no liability for any inability or failure to do so. 
 20. NO OBLIGATION TO EMPLOY . Nothing in this Plan or any Award granted under this Plan will confer or be deemed to confer on any Participant any right to continue in the employ of, or to continue any other relationship with, the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company or limit in any way the right of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company to terminate Participant s employment or other relationship at any time. 
 21. CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS . 
 21.1 Assumption or Replacement of Awards by Successor . In the event of a Corporate Transaction any or all outstanding Awards may be assumed or replaced by the successor corporation, which assumption or replacement shall be binding on all Participants. In the alternative, the successor corporation may substitute equivalent Awards or provide substantially similar consideration to Participants as was provided to stockholders (after taking into account the existing provisions of the Awards). The successor corporation may also issue, in place of outstanding Shares of the Company held by the Participant, substantially similar shares or other property subject to repurchase restrictions no less favorable to the Participant. In the event such successor or acquiring corporation (if any) refuses to assume, convert, replace or substitute Awards, as provided above, pursuant to a Corporate Transaction, then notwithstanding any other provision in this Plan to the contrary, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, such Awards shall terminate and cease to be outstanding effective as of the time of consummation of the Corporate Transaction. In such event, the Committee will notify the Participant in writing or electronically that such Award will be exercisable for a period of time determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, and such Award will terminate upon the expiration of such period. Awards need not be treated similarly in a Corporate Transaction. 
 21.2 Assumption of Awards by the Company . The Company, from time to time, also may substitute or assume outstanding awards granted by another company, whether in connection with an acquisition of such other company or otherwise, by either (a) granting an Award under this Plan in substitution of such other company s award or (b) assuming such award as if it had been granted under this Plan if the terms of such assumed award could be applied to an Award granted under this Plan. Such substitution or assumption will be permissible if the holder of the substituted or assumed award would have been eligible to be granted an Award under this Plan if the other company had applied the rules of this Plan to such grant. In the event the Company assumes an award granted by another company, the terms and conditions of such award will remain unchanged except that the Purchase Price or the Exercise Price, as the case may be, and the number and nature of Shares issuable upon exercise or settlement of any such Award will be adjusted appropriately pursuant to Section 424(a) of the Code). In the event the Company elects to grant a new Option in substitution rather than assuming an existing option, such new Option may be granted with a similarly adjusted Exercise Price. Substitute Awards shall not reduce the number of Shares authorized for grant under the Plan or authorized for grant to a Participant in a calendar year. 
 11 

21.3 Non-Employee Directors Awards . Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, in the event of a Corporate Transaction, the vesting of all Awards granted to Non-Employee Directors shall accelerate and such Awards shall become exercisable (as applicable) in full prior to the consummation of such event at such times and on such conditions as the Committee determines. 
 22. ADOPTION AND STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL . This Plan shall be submitted for the approval of the Company s stockholders, consistent with applicable laws, within twelve (12) months after the date this Plan is adopted by the Board. 
 23. TERM OF PLAN GOVERNING LAW . Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Plan will become effective on the Effective Date and will terminate ten (10) years from the date this Plan is adopted by the Board. This Plan and all Awards granted hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to that state s conflict of law provisions. 
 24. AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF PLAN . The Board may at any time terminate or amend this Plan in any respect, including, without limitation, amendment of any form of Award Agreement or instrument to be executed pursuant to this Plan provided , however , that the Board will not, without the approval of the stockholders of the Company, amend this Plan in any manner that requires such stockholder approval provided further , that a Participant s Award shall be governed by the version of this Plan then in effect at the time such Award was granted. 
 25. NONEXCLUSIVITY OF THE PLAN . Neither the adoption of this Plan by the Board, the submission of this Plan to the stockholders of the Company for approval, nor any provision of this Plan will be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board to adopt such additional compensation arrangements as it may deem desirable, including, without limitation, the granting of stock awards and bonuses otherwise than under this Plan, and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases. 
 26. INSIDER TRADING POLICY . Each Participant who receives an Award shall comply with any policy adopted by the Company from time to time covering transactions in the Company s securities by Employees, officers and or directors of the Company. 
 27. ALL AWARDS SUBJECT TO COMPANY CLAWBACK OR RECOUPMENT POLICY . All Awards shall be subject to clawback or recoupment pursuant to any compensation clawback or recoupment policy adopted by the Board or required by law during the term of Participant s employment or other service with the Company or its Parent or Subsidiary that is applicable to executive officers, employees, directors or other service providers of the Company or its Parent or Subsidiary, and in addition to any other remedies available under such policy and applicable law, may require the cancelation of outstanding Awards and the recoupment of any gains realized with respect to Awards. 
 28. DEFINITIONS . As used in this Plan, and except as elsewhere defined herein, the following terms will have the following meanings 
 Award means any award under the Plan, including any Option, Restricted Stock, Stock Bonus, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock Unit or award of Performance Shares. 
 Award Agreement means, with respect to each Award, the written or electronic agreement between the Company and the Participant setting forth the terms and conditions of the Award, including a country-specific addenda for non-U.S. Participants, which shall be in substantially a form (which need not be the same for each Participant) that the Committee (or in the case of non-Insider Participants, the Committee s delegate), has from time to time approved, and will comply with and be subject to the terms and conditions of this Plan. 
 Award Transfer Program means, any program instituted by the Committee that would permit Participants the opportunity to transfer for value any outstanding Awards to a financial institution or other person or entity approved by the Committee. A transfer for value shall not be deemed to occur under this Plan where an Award is transferred by a Participant for bona fide estate planning purposes to a trust or other testamentary vehicle approved by the Committee. 
 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 12 

Cause means unless such term or an equivalent term is otherwise defined with respect to an Award by the Participant s Award Agreement or by a written contract of employment or service, any of the following (i) the Participant s theft, dishonesty, willful misconduct, breach of fiduciary duty for personal profit, or falsification of any Company documents or records (ii) the Participant s material failure to abide by a Company s code of conduct or other policies (including, without limitation, policies relating to confidentiality and reasonable workplace conduct) (iii) the Participant s unauthorized use, misappropriation, destruction or diversion of any tangible or intangible asset or corporate opportunity of a Company (including, without limitation, the Participant s improper use or disclosure of a Company s confidential or proprietary information) (iv) any intentional act by the Participant which has a material detrimental effect on a Company s reputation or business (v) the Participant s repeated failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned duties after written notice from a Company of, and a reasonable opportunity to cure, such failure or inability (vi) any material breach by the Participant of any employment, service, non-disclosure, non-competition, non-solicitation or other similar agreement between the Participant and a Company, which breach is not cured pursuant to the terms of such agreement or (vii) the Participant s conviction (including any plea of guilty or nolo contendere) of any criminal act involving fraud, dishonesty, misappropriation or moral turpitude, or which impairs the Participant s ability to perform his or her duties with a Company. 
 Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board or those persons to whom administration of the Plan, or part of the Plan, has been delegated as permitted by law. 
 Common Stock means the common stock of the Company. 
 Company means Immersion Corporation, or any successor corporation. 
 
 Consultant means any person, including an advisor or independent contractor, engaged by the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary to render services to such entity. 
 Corporate Transaction means the occurrence of any of the following events (i) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifty percent (50 or more of the total voting power represented by the Company s then-outstanding voting securities (ii) the consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets (iii) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) at least fifty percent (50 of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation or (iv) any other transaction which qualifies as a corporate transaction under Section 424(a) of the Code wherein the stockholders of the Company give up all of their equity interest in the Company (except for the acquisition, sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the outstanding shares of the Company). Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that any amount constituting deferred compensation as defined in Section 409A of the Code) would become payable under this Plan by reason of a Change in Control, such amount shall become payable only if the event constituting a Change in Control would also constitute a change in ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company (both as defined in Section 409A of the Code. 
 Director means a member of the Board. 
 Disability means in the case of incentive stock options, total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code and in the case of other Awards, that the Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. 
 Dividend Equivalent Right means the right of a Participant, granted at the discretion of the Committee or as otherwise provided by the Plan, to receive a credit for the account of such Participant in an amount equal to the cash dividends paid on one Share for each Share represented by an Award held by such Participant. 
 13 

Effective Date means the date the Plan is approved by the Board. 
 Employee means any person, including Officers and Directors, providing services as an employee of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. Neither service as a Director nor payment of a director s fee by the Company will be sufficient to constitute employment by the Company. 
 Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Exchange Program means a program approved by stockholders of the Company pursuant to which (a) outstanding Awards are surrendered, cancelled or exchanged for cash, the same type of Award or a different Award (or combination thereof) or (b) the exercise price of an outstanding Award is increased or reduced. 
 Exercise Price means, with respect to an Option, the price at which a holder may purchase the Shares issuable upon exercise of an Option and with respect to a SAR, the price at which the SAR is granted to the holder thereof. 
 
 Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of a share of the Company s Common Stock determined as follows 
 (a) if such Common Stock is publicly traded and is then listed on a national securities exchange, its closing price on the date of determination on the principal national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Committee deems reliable 
 (b) if such Common Stock is publicly traded but is neither listed nor admitted to trading on a national securities exchange, the average of the closing bid and asked prices on the date of determination as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Committee deems reliable or 
 (c) if none of the foregoing is applicable, by the Board or the Committee in good faith. 
 Insider means an officer or director of the Company or any other person whose transactions in the Company s Common Stock are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 Non-Employee Director means a Director who is not an Employee of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary. 
 Option means an award of an option to purchase Shares pursuant to Section 5 or Section 12. 
 Parent means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Company if each of such corporations other than the Company owns stock possessing fifty percent (50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. 
 Participant means a person who holds an Award under this Plan. 
 Performance Award means a cash or stock award granted pursuant to Section 10 or Section 12 of the Plan. 
 Performance Factors means any of the factors selected by the Committee and specified in an Award Agreement, which may include without limitation any of the following objective measures, either individually, alternatively or in any combination, applied to the Company as a whole or any business unit or Subsidiary, either individually, alternatively, or in any combination, on a GAAP or non-GAAP basis, and measured, to the extent applicable on an absolute basis or relative to a pre-established target, to determine whether the performance goals established by the Committee with respect to applicable Awards have been satisfied 
 (i) revenue 
 (ii) sales 
 14 

(iii) expenses 
 (iv) operating income 
 (v) gross margin 
 (vi) operating margin 
 
 (vii) earnings before any one or more of stock-based compensation expense, interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization 
 (viii) pre-tax profit 
 (ix) net operating income 
 (x) net income 
 (xi) economic value added 
 (xii) free cash flow 
 (xiii) operating cash flow 
 (xiv) balance of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities 
 (xv) stock price 
 (xvi) earnings per share 
 (xvii) return on stockholder equity 
 (xviii) return on capital 
 (xix) return on assets 
 (xx) return on investment 
 (xxi) employee satisfaction 
 (xxii) employee retention 
 (xxiii) market share 
 (xxiv) customer satisfaction 
 (xxv) product development 
 (xxvi) research and development expenses 
 (xxvii) completion of an identified special project and 
 (xxviii) completion of a joint venture or other corporate transaction. 
 Performance Factors shall be calculated with respect to the Company and each Subsidiary consolidated therewith for financial reporting purposes or such division or other business unit as may be selected by the Committee. For purposes of the Plan, the Performance Factors applicable to a Performance Award shall be calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, if applicable, but prior to the accrual or payment of any Performance Award for the same Performance Period and excluding the effect (whether positive or negative) of any change in accounting standards or any extraordinary, unusual or nonrecurring item, as determined by the Committee, occurring after the establishment of the 
 15 

Performance Goals applicable to the Performance Award. Each such adjustment, if any, may be made for the purpose of providing a consistent basis from period to period for the calculation of Performance Factors in order to prevent the dilution or enlargement of the Participant s rights with respect to a Performance Award. 
 Performance Period means the period of service determined by the Committee, not to exceed five (5) years, during which years of service or performance is to be measured for the Award. 
 Performance Share means a right to receive Shares pursuant to Section 10 of the Plan. 
 Permitted Transferee means any child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law (including adoptive relationships) of the Employee, any person sharing the Employee s household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which these persons (or the Employee) have more than 50 of the beneficial interest, a foundation in which these persons (or the Employee) control the management of assets, and any other entity in which these persons (or the Employee) own more than 50 of the voting interests. 
 Performance Unit means the right to receive cash pursuant to Section 10 of the Plan. 
 Plan means this Immersion Corporation 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 Purchase Price means the price to be paid for Shares acquired under the Plan, other than Shares acquired upon exercise of an Option or SAR. 
 Restricted Stock Award means an award of Shares pursuant to Section 6 or Section 12 of the Plan, or issued pursuant to the early exercise of an Option. 
 Restricted Stock Unit means an Award granted pursuant to Section 9 or Section 12 of the Plan. 
 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Shares means shares of the Company s Common Stock and the common stock of any successor security. 
 Stock Appreciation Right means an Award granted pursuant to Section 8 or Section 12 of the Plan. 
 Stock Bonus means an Award granted pursuant to Section 7 or Section 12 of the Plan. 
 Subsidiary means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company if each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing fifty percent (50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. 
 Termination or Terminated means, for purposes of this Plan with respect to a Participant, that the Participant has for any reason ceased to provide services as an employee, officer, director, consultant, independent contractor or advisor to the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. An employee will not be deemed to have ceased to provide services in the case of (i) sick leave, (ii) military leave, or (iii) any other leave of absence approved by the Committee provided , that such leave is for a period of not more than 90 days, unless reemployment upon the expiration of such leave is guaranteed by contract or statute or unless provided otherwise pursuant to formal policy adopted from time to time by the Company and issued and promulgated to employees in writing. In the case of any employee on an approved leave of absence, or any employee with a reduction in hours worked (for illustrative purposes only, a change in schedule from that of full-time to part-time) the Committee may make such provisions respecting suspension of vesting of the Award while on leave from the employ of the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, or during such change in working hours, as it may deem appropriate, except that in no event may an Award be exercised after the expiration of the term set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. The Committee will have sole discretion to determine whether a 
 16 

Participant has ceased to provide services and the effective date on which the Participant ceased to provide services (the Termination Date ). 
 Unvested Shares means Shares that have not yet vested or are subject to a right of repurchase in favor of the Company (or any successor thereto). 
 17 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.11>
 6
 immr12312022form10-kex1011.htm
 EX-10.11

Document 

IMMERSION CORPORATION 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD GRANT NUMBER AWARD_NUMBER - 
 (FOR US PARTICIPANTS) 
 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Immersion Corporation (the Company 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan shall have the same meanings in this Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Notice ). 
 
 Participant FIRST_NAME - LAST_NAME - 
 Employee ID EMPLOYEE_IDENTIFIER - 
 You Participant have been granted an award of Restricted Stock Units RSUs under the Plan subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Notice and the attached Award Agreement (Restricted Stock Units) (hereinafter RSU Agreement ). 
 
 Number of Restricted Stock Units TOTAL_SHARES_GRANTED, 999,999,999 - Grant Date OPTION_DATE, Month DD, YYYY - Expiration Date The date on which settlement of all RSUs granted hereunder occurs, with earlier expiration upon the Termination Date 
 
 Vesting Schedule Subject to the limitations set forth in this Notice, the Plan and the RSU Agreement, the RSUs will vest in accordance with the following schedule 
 Vesting Date Number of Units Vesting VEST_DATE_PERIOD1, Month DD, YYYY - SHARES_PERIOD1, 999,999,999 - VEST_DATE_PERIOD2, Month DD, YYYY - SHARES_PERIOD2, 999,999,999 - VEST_DATE_PERIOD3, Month DD, YYYY - SHARES_PERIOD3, 999,999,999 - 

You understand that your employment or consulting relationship or service with the Company is for an unspecified duration, can be terminated at any time (i.e., is at-will ), and that nothing in this Notice, the RSU Agreement or the Plan changes the at-will nature of that relationship. You acknowledge that the vesting of the RSUs pursuant to this Notice is earned only by continuing service as an Employee, Director or Consultant of the Company. You also understand that this Notice is subject to the terms and conditions of both the RSU Agreement and the Plan, both of which are incorporated herein by reference. You have read both the RSU Agreement and the Plan. The Participant acknowledges that copies of the Plan, Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and the prospectus for the Plan are available on the company s internal web site and may be viewed and printed by the Participant for attachment to the Participant s copy of this Grant Notice. The Participant also hereby accepts the terms and conditions of the attached 10b5-1 Plan. 
 
 PARTICIPANT IMMERSION CORPORATION 
 Signature By 
 Address ADDRESS_LINE_1 - Address 801 Fox Lane 801 Fox Lane ADDRESS_LINE_2 - San Jose, CA 95131 San Jose, CA 95131 CITY - , STATE - ZIPCODE - 
 COUNTRY - 

ATTACHMENTS 10b5-1 Plan for RSU Grant, 2021 Equity Incentive Plan U.S. RSU Agreement, 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended to the Grant Date and 2021 Equity Incentive Plan Prospectus 
 
 4895-4952-6345.v2 

IMMERSION CORPORATION AWARD AGREEMENT (RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS) TO THE IMMERSION CORPORATION 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Immersion Corporation (the Company 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Award Agreement (Restricted Stock Units) (the Agreement ). 
 Participant has been granted Restricted Stock Units RSUs subject to the terms, restrictions and conditions of the Plan, the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Notice and this Agreement. 
 1. Settlement . Settlement of RSUs shall be made within 30 days following the applicable date of vesting under the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice. Settlement of RSUs shall be in Shares. 
 2. No Stockholder Rights . Unless and until such time as Shares are issued in settlement of vested RSUs, Participant shall have no ownership of the Shares allocated to the RSUs (other than with respect to Dividend Equivalents as described below) and shall have no right to vote such Shares. 
 3. Dividend Equivalents . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, prior to settlement or forfeiture of the RSUs in accordance with this Agreement, as of any date that the Company pays a cash dividend on Shares, Participant shall be entitled to a payment in the same amount of cash as the dividend that would have been paid on the outstanding RSUs (whether vested or unvested) as of immediately prior to the record date of the dividend as if such RSUs had been actual Shares that had been issued to and held by Participant (a Dividend Equivalent ), subject to the terms of this section. Dividend Equivalents on the RSUs shall be paid to Participant in cash on the date that the applicable dividend is paid to the Company s stockholders (a Payment Date ), provided that Participant is in continuous service on the applicable Payment Date. If Participant s continuous service Terminates for any reason prior to a Payment Date, Participant shall have no rights to any Dividend Equivalent applicable to such Payment Date or any Payment Date(s) thereafter. The time and form of payment for Dividend Equivalents shall be treated separately from the time and form of payment for any other payments due under this Agreement. 
 4. Non-Transferability of RSUs . The RSUs and any interest therein shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of. 
 5. Termination . If Participant s service Terminates for any reason, all unvested RSUs shall be forfeited to the Company forthwith, and all rights of Participant to such RSUs shall immediately terminate. In case of any dispute as to whether Termination has occurred, the Committee shall have sole discretion to determine whether such Termination has occurred and the effective date of such Termination. 
 6. Beneficial Ownership of Shares Certificate Registration . The Participant hereby authorizes the Company, in its sole discretion, to deposit for the benefit of the Participant with any broker with which the Participant has an account relationship of which the Company has notice any or all Shares acquired by the Participant pursuant to the settlement of the RSUs. Except as provided by the preceding sentence, a certificate for the Shares as to which the RSUs are settled shall be registered in the name of the Participant, or, if applicable, in the names of the heirs of the Participant. 
 7. U.S. Tax Consequences . Participant acknowledges that there will be tax consequences upon settlement of the RSUs or disposition of the Shares, if any, received in connection therewith, and Participant should consult a tax adviser regarding Participant s tax obligations prior to such settlement or disposition. Upon vesting of the RSU, Participant will include in income the Fair Market Value of the Shares subject to the RSU. The included amount will be treated as ordinary income by Participant and will be subject to withholding by the Company when required by applicable law. Upon disposition of the Shares, any subsequent increase or decrease in value will be treated as short-term or long-term capital gain or loss, depending on whether the Shares are held for more than one year from the date of settlement. Further, an RSU may be considered a deferral of compensation that may be subject to Section 409A of the Code. Section 409A of the Code imposes special rules to the timing of making and effecting certain amendments of this RSU with respect to distribution of any deferred compensation. The amount of any Dividend Equivalents will be treated as ordinary income by Participant and will be subject to withholding by the Company when required by applicable law. You should consult your personal tax advisor for more information on the actual and potential tax consequences of this RSU. 
 4895-4952-6345.v2 

8. No Rights as Employee, Director or Consultant . Nothing in this Agreement shall affect in any manner whatsoever the right or power of the Company, or a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, to terminate Participant s service, for any reason, with or without cause. 
 By Participant s signature and the signature of the Company s representative on the Notice, Participant and the Company agree that this RSU is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Notice and this Agreement. Participant has reviewed the Plan, the Notice and this Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Agreement, and fully understands all provisions of the Plan, the Notice and this Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions relating to the Plan, the Notice and this Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in Participant s residence address. 
 9. Entire Agreement Enforcement of Rights . This Agreement, the Plan and the Notice constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and supersede all prior discussions between them. Any prior agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning the purchase of the Shares hereunder are superseded. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the parties to this Agreement. The failure by either party to enforce any rights under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any rights of such party. 
 10. Compliance with Laws and Regulations . The issuance of Shares will be subject to and conditioned upon compliance by the Company and Participant with all applicable state and federal laws and regulations and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which the Company s Common Stock may be listed or quoted at the time of such issuance or transfer. 
 11. Governing Law Severability . If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, then (i) such provision shall be excluded from this Agreement, (ii) the balance of this Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (iii) the balance of this Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms. This Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law. 
 12 Acknowledgement . The Company and Participant agree that the RSUs are granted under and governed by the Notice, this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan. Participant (i) acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and the Plan prospectus, (ii) represents that Participant has carefully read and is familiar with their provisions, and (iii) hereby accepts the RSUs subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth herein and those set forth in the Plan and the Notice. 
 4895-4952-6345.v2 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 7
 immr12312022form10-kex1012.htm
 EX-10.12

Document 

Form of RS Agreement 
 
 IMMERSION CORPORATION 
 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD GRANT NUMBER AWARD_NUMBER - 
 (FOR US PARTICIPANTS) 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Immersion Corporation (the Company 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan shall have the same meanings in this Notice of Restricted Stock Award (the Notice ). 
 
 Participant FIRST_NAME - LAST_NAME - 
 Employee ID EMPLOYEE_IDENTIFIER - 
 You Participant have been granted an award of Restricted Shares of Common Stock of Immersion Corporation (the Company under the Plan subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Notice and the attached Restricted Stock Agreement (the Restricted Stock Agreement ). 
 Number of Restricted Shares Awarded TOTAL_SHARES_GRANTED, 999,999,999 - Grant Date OPTION_DATE, Month DD, YYYY - Fair Market Value per Restricted Share MARKET_VALUE - Purchase Price per Restricted Share OPTION_PRICE - Total Purchase Price for all Restricted Shares TOTAL_OPTION_PRICE - Vesting Commencement Date OPTION_DATE - Vesting Schedule Subject to the limitations set forth in this Notice, the Plan and the Restricted Stock Agreement, the Restricted Shares will vest and the right of repurchase shall lapse, in whole or in part, in accordance with the following schedule 
 Vesting Date Number of Awards Vesting VEST_DATE_PERIOD1, Month DD, YYYY - SHARES_PERIOD1, 999,999,999 - 

You understand that your employment or consulting relationship or service with the Company is for an unspecified duration, can be terminated at any time (i.e., is at-will ), and that nothing in this Notice, the Restricted Stock Agreement or the Plan changes the at-will nature of that relationship. You acknowledge that the vesting of the Restricted Shares pursuant to this Notice is earned only by continuing service as an Employee, Director or Consultant of the Company. You also understand that this Notice is subject to the terms and conditions of both the Restricted Stock Agreement and the Plan, both of which are incorporated herein by reference. You have read both the Restricted Stock Agreement and the Plan. The Participant acknowledges that copies of the Plan, Restricted Stock Agreement and the prospectus for the Plan are available on the Company s internal web site and may be viewed and printed by the Participant for attachment to the Participant s copy of this Notice. 
 
 PARTICIPANT IMMERSION CORPORATION 
 Signature By 
 Address ADDRESS_LINE_1 - Address 30 Rio Robles 801 Fox Lane ADDRESS_LINE_2 - San Jose, CA 95134 San Jose, CA 95131 CITY - , STATE - ZIPCODE - 
 COUNTRY - 

4894-9450-0427.v2 

ATTACHMENTS 2021 Equity Incentive Plan U.S. Restricted Stock Agreement, 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended to the Grant Date and 2021 Equity Incentive Plan Prospectus 
 
 4894-9450-0427.v2 

IMMERSION CORPORATION 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT 
 THIS RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made as of _______________, 20___ by and between Immersion Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and ___________________________________ Participant pursuant to the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan shall have the same meanings in this Agreement. 
 1. Sale of Stock Voting and Dividend Rights Retained Securities . 
 1.1 Sale of Stock. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, on the Purchase Date (as defined below) the Company will issue and sell to Participant, and Participant agrees to purchase from the Company the number of Shares shown on the Notice of Restricted Stock Award (the Notice at a per share purchase price as set forth on the Notice. 
 1.2 Voting and Dividend Rights . With respect to the Shares, Participant will have the same voting rights as the Company s other stockholders. With respect to the Vested Shares (as defined below), Participant will have the same dividend and other rights as the Company s other stockholders. With respect to the Unvested Shares (as defined below), notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, prior to forfeiture of the Unvested Shares in accordance with this Agreement, as of any date that the Company pays a cash dividend on Shares, Participant shall be entitled to a payment in the same amount of cash as the dividend that would have been paid on the outstanding Unvested Shares as of immediately prior to the record date of the dividend as if such Unvested Shares had been Vested Shares, subject to the terms of this section. Dividends on the Unvested Shares shall be paid to Participant in cash on the date that the applicable dividend is paid to the Company s stockholders (a Payment Date ), provided that Participant is in continuous service on the applicable Payment Date. If Participant s continuous service Terminates for any reason prior to a Payment Date, Participant shall have no rights to any dividends applicable to such Payment Date or any Payment Date(s) thereafter in respect of the Unvested Shares as of Participant s Termination Date. The time and form of payment for dividends on Unvested Shares shall be treated separately from the time and form of payment for any other payments due under this Agreement. 
 1.3 Retained Securities . The term Shares refers to the purchased Shares and all securities received in replacement of or in connection with the Shares pursuant to stock dividends or splits, all securities received in replacement of the Shares in a recapitalization, merger, reorganization, exchange or the like, and all new, substituted or additional securities (excluding any other dividends or distributions paid in cash) to which Participant is entitled by reason of Participant s ownership of the Shares (the Retained Securities , and the event resulting in the issuance of the Retained Securities, a Retained Securities Event ). The Retained Securities will be retained in custody by the Company (without interest) and subject to the same forfeiture and transferability restrictions as the Unvested Shares with respect to which they were paid or made and shall automatically be forfeited to the Company for no consideration in the event of the forfeiture of the Unvested Shares with respect to which they were paid pursuant to Section 3.2 below. Any Retained Securities held by the Company that were issued on those Unvested Shares as to which the forfeiture restrictions and transfer restrictions lapse or are removed shall also be released to Participant within thirty (30) days of the time of such lapse or removal. In no event shall a Retained Security be issued with respect to Unvested Shares later than the end of the calendar year in which the Retained Securities Event occurs or, if later, the 15th day of the third month following the later of (a) the date of the applicable Retained Securities Event and (b) the date the Unvested Shares with respect to which the Retained Securities are issued vest. 
 2. Time and Place of Purchase Deliveries . The purchase and sale of the Shares under this Agreement shall occur at the principal office of the Company simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement by the parties, or on such other date as the Company and Participant shall agree (the Purchase Date ). On the Purchase Date, the Company will issue in Participant s name a stock certificate representing the Shares to be purchased by Participant against payment of the purchase price therefor by Participant by Participant s personal services that the Committee has determined have already been rendered to the Company. Participant hereby delivers to the Company at its principal executive offices, Attn Secretary (a) this completed and signed Agreement, (b) two (2) copies of a blank Stock Power and Assignment Separate from Stock Certificate in the form of Exhibit 1 attached hereto (the Stock Powers and (c) the purchase price and payment or other provision for any applicable tax obligations. 
 3. Restrictions on Resale . By signing this Agreement, Participant agrees not to sell any Shares acquired pursuant to the Plan and this Agreement at a time when applicable laws, regulations or Company or underwriter trading policies prohibit exercise or sale. This restriction will apply as long as Participant is providing service to the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company. 
 
 4894-9450-0427.v2 

3.1 Vesting. Shares with respect to which the Shares subject to this award are vested at a given time pursuant to the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Notice are Vested Shares . Shares with respect to which the Shares subject to this award are not vested at a given time pursuant to the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Notice are Unvested Shares . The Shares purchased by Participant will vest in installments, as shown in the Notice. No additional Shares will vest after Participant s Termination Date, when Participant s service as an Employee, Director or Consultant has terminated for any reason. 
 3.2 Forfeiture Right . If Participant s service as an Employee, Director or Consultant terminates for any reason, then all of Participant s Unvested Shares, as of the Participant s Termination Date, will be automatically forfeited. This means that such Unvested Shares will immediately revert to the Company. The Participant will receive no payment for Unvested Shares that are forfeited. The Company determines the Participant s Termination Date for this purpose and all purposes under the Plan and its determinations are conclusive and binding on all persons. 
 3.3 Acceptance of Restrictions . Acceptance of the Shares shall constitute Participant s agreement to such restrictions and the legending of his or her certificates with respect thereto. Notwithstanding such restrictions, however, so long as Participant is the holder of the Shares, or any portion thereof, he or she shall be entitled to receive all dividends declared on and to vote the Shares and to all other rights of a stockholder with respect thereto. 
 3.4 Non-Transferability of Unvested Shares . In addition to any other limitation on transfer created by applicable securities laws or any other agreement between the Company and Participant, Participant may not transfer any Unvested Shares, or any interest therein, unless consented to in writing by a duly authorized representative of the Company. Any purported transfer is void and of no effect, and no purported transferee thereof will be recognized as a holder of the Unvested Shares for any purpose whatsoever. Should such a transfer purport to occur, the Company may refuse to carry out the transfer on its books, set aside the transfer, or exercise any other legal or equitable remedy. In the event the Company consents to a transfer of Unvested Shares, all transferees of Shares or any interest therein will receive and hold such Shares or interest subject to the provisions of this Agreement, including, insofar as applicable, the Forfeiture Right. In the event of any purchase by the Company hereunder where the Shares or interest are held by a transferee, the transferee shall be obligated, if requested by the Company, to transfer the Shares or interest to the Participant for consideration equal to the amount to be paid by the Company hereunder. 
 4. Restrictive Legends and Stop Transfer Orders . 
 4.1 Legends . The certificate or certificates representing the Shares shall bear the following legend (as well as any legends required by applicable state and federal corporate and securities laws) 
 THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY BE TRANSFERRED ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF AN AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE STOCKHOLDER, A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE COMPANY. 
 4.2 Stop-Transfer Notices . Participant agrees that, in order to ensure compliance with the restrictions referred to herein, the Company may issue appropriate stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent, if any, and that, if the Company transfers its own securities, it may make appropriate notations to the same effect in its own records. 
 4.3 Refusal to Transfer . The Company shall not be required (i) to transfer on its books any Shares that have been sold or otherwise transferred in violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement or (ii) to treat as the owner or to accord the right to vote or pay dividends to any purchaser or other transferee to whom such Shares shall have been so transferred. 
 5. No Rights as Employee, Director or Consultant . Nothing in this Agreement shall affect in any manner whatsoever the right or power of the Company, or a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, to terminate Participant s service, for any reason, with or without cause. 
 6. Miscellaneous . 
 6.1 Entire Agreement Enforcement of Rights . This Agreement, the Plan and the Notice constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and supersede 
 2 25311 00003 DOCS 2447375.1 

4894-9450-0427.v2 

all prior discussions between them. Any prior agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning the purchase of the Shares hereunder are superseded. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the parties to this Agreement. The failure by either party to enforce any rights under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any rights of such party. 
 6.2 Compliance with Laws and Regulations . The issuance of Shares will be subject to and conditioned upon compliance by the Company and Participant with all applicable state and federal laws and regulations and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which the Company s Common Stock may be listed or quoted at the time of such issuance or transfer. 
 6.3 Governing Law Severability . If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, then (i) such provision shall be excluded from this Agreement, (ii) the balance of this Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (iii) the balance of this Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms. This Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law. 
 6.4 Construction . This Agreement is the result of negotiations between and has been reviewed by each of the parties hereto and their respective counsel, if any accordingly, this Agreement shall be deemed to be the product of all of the parties hereto, and no ambiguity shall be construed in favor of or against any one of the parties hereto. 
 6.5 Notices . Any notice to be given under the terms of the Plan shall be addressed to the Company in care of its principal office, and any notice to be given to the Participant shall be addressed to such Participant at the address maintained by the Company for such person or at such other address as the Participant may specify in writing to the Company. 
 6.6 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall he deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one instrument. 
 6.7 Beneficial Ownership of Shares Certificate Registration . The Participant hereby authorizes the Company, in its sole discretion, to deposit for the benefit of the Participant with any broker with which the Participant has an account relationship of which the Company has notice any or all Shares acquired by the Participant pursuant to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Award. Except as provided by the preceding sentence, a certificate for the Shares as to which the Restricted Stock Award has vested shall be registered in the name of the Participant, or, if applicable, in the names of the heirs of the Participant. 
 6.8 U.S. Tax Consequences . Upon vesting of Shares, Participant will include in taxable income the difference between the Fair Market Value of the vesting Shares, as determined on the date of their vesting, and the price paid for the Shares. This will be treated as ordinary income by Participant and will be subject to withholding by the Company when required by applicable law. In the absence of an Election (defined below), the Company shall withhold a number of vesting Shares with a Fair Market Value (determined on the date of their vesting) equal to the minimum amount the Company is required to withhold for income and employment taxes. If Participant makes an Election, then Participant must, prior to making the Election, pay in cash (or check) to the Company an amount equal to the amount the Company is required to withhold for income and employment taxes. 
 7. Section 83(b) Election . Participant hereby acknowledges that he or she has been informed that, with respect to the purchase of the Shares, an election may be filed by the Participant with the Internal Revenue Service, within 30 days of the purchase of the Shares, electing pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code to be taxed currently on any difference between the purchase price of the Shares and their Fair Market Value on the date of purchase (the Election ), the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2 . Making the Election will result in recognition of taxable income to the Participant on the date of purchase, measured by the excess, if any, of the Fair Market Value of the Shares over the purchase price for the Shares. Absent such an Election, taxable income will be measured and recognized by Participant at the time or times at which the Shares vest pursuant to the Vesting Schedule in the Notice. Participant is strongly encouraged to seek the advice of his or her own tax consultants in connection with the purchase of the Shares and the advisability of filing of the Election. PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT IS SOLELY PARTICIPANT S RESPONSIBILITY, AND NOT THE COMPANY S RESPONSIBILITY, TO TIMELY FILE THE ELECTION UNDER SECTION 83(b) OF THE CODE, EVEN IF PARTICIPANT REQUESTS THE COMPANY, OR ITS REPRESENTATIVE, TO MAKE THIS FILING ON PARTICIPANT S BEHALF. 
 3 25311 00003 DOCS 2447375.1 

4894-9450-0427.v2 

8. Acknowledgement . The Company and Participant agree that the Restricted Shares are granted under and governed by the Notice, this Agreement and by the provisions of the Plan (incorporated herein by reference). Participant (i) acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and the Plan prospectus, (ii) represents that Participant has carefully read and is familiar with their provisions, and (iii) hereby accepts the Restricted Shares subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth herein and those set forth in the Plan and the Notice. 
 
 4 25311 00003 DOCS 2447375.1 

4894-9450-0427.v2 

The parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first set forth above. 
 IMMERSION CORPORATION 
 By 
 Its 
 PARTICIPANT 
 Signature 
 Please Print Name 
 
 5 25311 00003 DOCS 2447375.1 

4894-9450-0427.v2 

RECEIPT 
 Immersion Corporation hereby acknowledges receipt of (check as applicable) 
 Transfer for Personal Services 
 given by _________________________ as consideration for Certificate No.-_____ for ______________ shares of Common Stock of Immersion Corporation 
 Dated _____________ 
 IMMERSION CORPORATION 
 By 
 Its 
 
 25311 00003 DOCS 2447375.1 

4894-9450-0427.v2 

RECEIPT AND CONSENT 
 The undersigned Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a photocopy of Certificate No.- _____ for ____________ shares of Common Stock of Immersion Corporation (the Company ). 
 The undersigned further acknowledges that the Secretary of the Company, or his or her designee, is acting as escrow holder pursuant to the Restricted Stock Agreement that Participant has previously entered into with the Company. As escrow holder, the Secretary of the Company, or his or her designee, holds the original of the aforementioned certificate issued in the undersigned s name. To facilitate any transfer of Shares to the Company pursuant to the Restricted Stock Agreement, Participant has executed the attached Assignment Separate from Certificate. 
 Dated _______________, 20___ 
 Signature 
 Please Print Name 
 25311 00003 DOCS 2447375.1 

4894-9450-0427.v2 

EXHIBIT 1 
 STOCK POWER AND ASSIGNMENT SEPARATE FROM STOCK CERTIFICATE 

24039 00018 DOCS 2441622.6 

4894-9450-0427.v2 

STOCK POWER AND ASSIGNMENT SEPARATE FROM STOCK CERTIFICATE 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED and pursuant to that certain Restricted Stock Agreement dated as of ______________, _______, COMPLETE AT THE TIME OF PURCHASE (the Agreement ), the undersigned Participant hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto ___________________________, _____________ shares of the Common Stock 0.001 _______ , par value per share, of Immersion Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), standing in the undersigned s name on the books of the Company represented by Certificate No(s). ______ COMPLETE AT THE TIME OF PURCHASE delivered herewith, and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint the Secretary of the Company as the undersigned s attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution, to transfer said stock on the books of the Company. THIS ASSIGNMENT MAY ONLY BE USED AS AUTHORIZED BY THE AGREEMENT AND ANY EXHIBITS THERETO. 
 Dated _______________, _______ 
 PARTICIPANT 
 
 (Signature) 
 
 (Please Print Name) 

Instructions to Participant Please do not fill in any blanks other than the signature line. The purpose of this document is to enable the Company and or its assignee(s) to acquire the shares upon exercise of its Forfeiture Right set forth in the Agreement without requiring additional action by the Participant. 

24039 00018 DOCS 2441622.6 

4894-9450-0427.v2 

EXHIBIT 2 
 FORM OF SECTION 83(B) ELECTION 
 
 24039 00018 DOCS 2441622.6 

4894-9450-0427.v2 

ELECTION UNDER SECTION 83(b) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE 
 The undersigned Taxpayer hereby elects, pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, to include the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the property described below at the time of transfer over the amount paid for such property, as compensation for services in the calculation of regular gross income. 
 1. TAXPAYER S NAME 
 TAXPAYER S ADDRESS 
 
 SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER 
 2. The property with respect to which the election is made is described as follows _______ shares of Common Stock of Immersion Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company which were transferred pursuant to a Restricted Stock Agreement entered into by Taxpayer and the Company, which is Taxpayer s employer or the corporation for whom the Taxpayer performs services. 
 3. The date on which the shares were transferred pursuant to the purchase of the shares was ____________________, _____ and this election is made for calendar year ________. 
 4. The shares received are subject to the following restrictions Taxpayer shall forfeit the shares under certain conditions at the time of Taxpayer's termination of employment or services. 
 5. The fair market value of the shares (without regard to restrictions other than restrictions which by their terms will never lapse) was ________ per share at the time of purchase. 
 6. The amount paid for such shares by Taxpayer was ________ per share. 
 7. The Taxpayer has submitted a copy of this statement to the Company. 
 THIS ELECTION MUST BE FILED WITH THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE IRS ), AT THE OFFICE WHERE THE TAXPAYER FILES ANNUAL INCOME TAX RETURNS, WITHIN 30 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF TRANSFER OF THE SHARES, AND MUST ALSO BE FILED WITH THE TAXPAYER S INCOME TAX RETURNS FOR THE CALENDAR YEAR. THE ELECTION CANNOT BE REVOKED WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF THE IRS. 
 Dated 
 Taxpayer s Signature 
 25311 00003 DOCS 2447375.1 

4894-9450-0427.v2 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 8
 immr12312022form10-kex1013.htm
 EX-10.13

Document 

Form of Performance Shares Agreement 
 IMMERSION CORPORATION 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN NOTICE OF PERFORMANCE SHARES AWARD GRANT NUMBER ________ 
 (FOR US PARTICIPANTS) 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Immersion Corporation (the Company 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan shall have the same meanings in this Notice of Performance Shares Award (the Notice ). 
 Name 
 Address 
 You Participant have been granted an award of Performance Shares under the Plan subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, this Notice and the attached Performance Shares Award Agreement (hereinafter Performance Shares Agreement ). 
 Number of Shares Date of Grant Vesting Commencement Date Expiration Date The date on which all Shares granted hereunder become vested, with earlier expiration upon the Termination Date Vesting Schedule Subject to the limitations set forth in this Notice, the Plan and the Performance Shares Agreement, the Shares will vest in accordance with the following schedule INSERT VESTING SCHEDULE 

You understand that your employment or consulting relationship or service with the Company is for an unspecified duration, can be terminated at any time (i.e., is at-will ), and that nothing in this Notice, the Performance Shares Agreement or the Plan changes the at-will nature of that relationship. You acknowledge that the vesting pursuant to this Notice is earned only upon the applicable certification of attainment of the requisite Performance Factors enumerated above while still in service as an Employee, Director or Consultant of the Company. You also understand that this Notice is subject to the terms and conditions of both the Performance Shares Award Agreement and the Plan, both of which are incorporated herein by reference. You have read both the Performance Shares Agreement and the Plan. The Participant acknowledges that copies of the Plan, Performance Shares Agreement and the prospectus for the Plan are available on the company s internal web site and may be viewed and printed by the Participant for attachment to the Participant s copy of this Grant Notice. The Participant also hereby accept the terms and conditions of the attached 10b5-1 Plan. 
 PARTICIPANT IMMERSION CORPORATION 
 Print Name Its 
 Signature By 

4866-6417-3385.v2 

IMMERSION CORPORATION PERFORMANCE SHARES AWARD AGREEMENT TO THE IMMERSION CORPORATION 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Immersion Corporation (the Company 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Performance Shares Agreement (the Agreement ). 
 Participant has been granted a Performance Shares Award Performance Shares Award subject to the terms, restrictions and conditions of the Plan, the Notice of Performance Shares Award Notice and this Agreement. 
 1. Settlement . Performance Shares shall be settled in Shares and the Company s transfer agent shall record ownership of such Shares in Participant s name as soon as reasonably practicable after achievement of the Performance Factors enumerated in the Notice. 
 2. Stockholder Rights . Participant shall have no right to vote Shares until Participant is recorded as the holder of such Shares on the stock records of the Company and its transfer agent. 
 3. Dividend Equivalents . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, prior to settlement or forfeiture of the Performance Shares in accordance with this Agreement, as of any date that the Company pays a cash dividend on Shares, Participant shall be entitled to a payment in the same amount of cash as the dividend that would have been paid on the outstanding Performance Shares (whether vested or unvested) as of immediately prior to the record date of the dividend as if such Performance Shares had been actual Shares that had been issued to and held by Participant (a Dividend Equivalent ), subject to the terms of this section. Dividend Equivalents on the Performance Shares shall be paid to Participant in cash on the date that the applicable dividend is paid to the Company s stockholders (a Payment Date ), provided that Participant is in continuous service on the applicable Payment Date. If Participant s continuous service Terminates for any reason prior to a Payment Date, Participant shall have no rights to any Dividend Equivalent applicable to such Payment Date or any Payment Date(s) thereafter. The time and form of payment for Dividend Equivalents shall be treated separately from the time and form of payment for any other payments due under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent that the Performance Shares Award covers a threshold, target and or maximum number of Performance Shares (or similar range in the number of Performance Shares) based on performance, then, for purposes of this Section 3, the number of Performance Shares shall be deemed to be the number of Performance Shares that would apply based on target performance (or that otherwise reflects the median of any similar range in the number of Performance Shares). 
 4. No-Transfer . Participant s interest in this Performance Shares Award shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of. 
 5. Termination . Upon Participant s Termination for any reason, all of Participant s rights under the Plan, this Agreement and the Notice in respect of this Award shall immediately terminate. In case of any dispute as to whether Termination has occurred, the Committee shall have sole discretion to determine whether such Termination has occurred and the effective date of such Termination. 
 6. Beneficial Ownership of Shares Certificate Registration . The Participant hereby authorizes the Company, in its sole discretion, to deposit for the benefit of the Participant with any broker with which the Participant has an account relationship of which the Company has notice any or all Shares acquired by the Participant pursuant to the vesting of the Performance Shares. Except as provided by the preceding sentence, a certificate for the Shares as to which the Performance Shares are vested shall be registered in the name of the Participant, or, if applicable, in the names of the heirs of the Participant. 
 7. U.S. Tax Consequences . Participant acknowledges that there will be tax consequences upon issuance of the Shares, and Participant should consult a tax adviser regarding Participant s tax obligations prior to such settlement or disposition. Upon vesting of the Shares, Participant will include in income the Fair Market Value of the Shares. The included amount will be treated as ordinary income by Participant and will be subject to withholding by the Company when required by applicable law. Before any Shares subject to this Agreement are issued the Company shall withhold a number of Shares with a Fair Market Value (determined on the date the Shares are issued) equal to the minimum amount the Company is required to withhold for income and employment taxes. Upon disposition of the Shares, any subsequent increase or decrease in value will be treated as short-term or long-term capital gain or loss, depending on whether the Shares are held for more than one year from the date of issuance. The amount of any Dividend Equivalents will be treated as ordinary income by Participant and will be subject to withholding by the Company when required by applicable law. 
 
 4866-6417-3385.v2 

8. No Rights as Employee, Director or Consultant . Nothing in this Agreement shall affect in any manner whatsoever the right or power of the Company, or a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, to terminate Participant s service, for any reason, with or without cause. 
 9. Entire Agreement Enforcement of Rights . This Agreement, the Plan and the Notice constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter herein and supersede all prior discussions between them. Any prior agreements, commitments or negotiations concerning the purchase of the Shares hereunder are superseded. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the parties to this Agreement. The failure by either party to enforce any rights under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any rights of such party. 
 10. Compliance with Laws and Regulations . The issuance of Shares will be subject to and conditioned upon compliance by the Company and Participant with all applicable state and federal laws and regulations and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which the Company s Common Stock may be listed or quoted at the time of such issuance or transfer. 
 11. Governing Law Severability . If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, then (i) such provision shall be excluded from this Agreement, (ii) the balance of this Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded and (iii) the balance of this Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms. This Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law. 
 12. Acknowledgement . The Company and Participant agree that the Performance Shares Award is granted under and governed by the Notice, this Agreement and by the provisions of the Plan (incorporated herein by reference). Participant (i) acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and the Plan prospectus, (ii) represents that Participant has carefully read and is familiar with their provisions, and (iii) hereby accepts the Performance Shares Award subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth herein and those set forth in the Plan, this Agreement and the Notice. 
 By Participant s signature and the signature of the Company s representative on the Notice, Participant and the Company agree that this Performance Shares Award is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Notice and this Agreement. Participant has reviewed the Plan, the Notice and this Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Agreement, and fully understands all provisions of the Plan, the Notice and this Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions relating to the Plan, the Notice and this Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in Participant s residence address. 
 2 
 4866-6417-3385.v2 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.26>
 9
 immr12312022exhibit1026.htm
 EX-10.26

Document 

Exhibit 10.26 
 Summary of Compensation Information of William Martin, Chief Strategy Officer 
 
 In 2022, Mr. Martin, our Chief Strategy Officer, had an annual base salary was 350,000. Mr. Martin did not receive any additional fees for serving on our Board in 2022. 
 Mr. Martin has served on our Board since 2009, but in light of his expanding role and responsibilities relating to our Company s strategic opportunities and general corporate strategy, Mr. Martin was appointed our Chief Strategy Officer on December 28, 2021 (and was no longer considered an independent director). 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-10.29>
 10
 immr12312022exhibit1029.htm
 EX-10.29

Document 

Exhibit 10.29 
 
 Summary of Compensation Information of Francis Jose, General Counsel 
 
 In connection with Mr. Jose s appointment as Chief Executive Officer, effective August 30, 2021, the Company s Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee approved an increase to Mr. Jose s annual base salary from 315,000 to 345,000, effective as of August 30, 2021. 
 On May 27, 2022, the Compensation Committee approved an increase to the annual base salary of Mr. Jose, the Company s then-Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel from 345,000 to 379,500. 
 Effective January 3, 2023, Mr. Jose ceased to become the Company s Chief Executive Officer, but remained the Company s General Counsel. 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-10.31>
 11
 immr12312022exhibit1031.htm
 EX-10.31

immr12312022exhibit1031 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 5D286475-AAE1-4B6B-BB52-4D670F5705E6 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 5D286475-AAE1-4B6B-BB52-4D670F5705E6 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 5D286475-AAE1-4B6B-BB52-4D670F5705E6 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 5D286475-AAE1-4B6B-BB52-4D670F5705E6 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 5D286475-AAE1-4B6B-BB52-4D670F5705E6 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 5D286475-AAE1-4B6B-BB52-4D670F5705E6 President and CEO 12/11/2019 

10224307.1 IMMERSION CORPORATION AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO RETENTION AND OWNERSHIP CHANGE EVENT AGREEMENT This Amendment No. 1 (the Amendment to the Retention and Ownership Change Event Agreement by and between Immersion Corporation (the Company and Aaron Akerman (the Executive is effective as of February 27, 2020 (the Effective Date ). 1. Clause (3) of Section 1(d) of the Agreement is amended in its entirety to read as follows: (3) Executive s unauthorized use, misappropriation, destruction or diversion of any tangible or intangible asset or corporate opportunity of the Company (including, without limitation, Executive s improper use or disclosure of the Company s confidential or proprietary information, but excluding immaterial or inadvertent acts by Executive taken in good faith that a professional in Executive s position with substantially the same skill and experience as Executive reasonably could have taken in good faith, and promptly cured after discovery or notice); 2. Clause (4) of Section 1(d) of the Agreement is amended in its entirety to read as follows: (4) any intentional act by the Executive that has a material detrimental effect on the Company s reputation or business (but excluding any act that is taken by the Executive during the execution of the Executive s duties or responsibilities, which act the Executive believed in good faith was in the interests of the Company and/or its stockholders and which a reasonable professional in Executive s position with substantially the same skill and experience as Executive reasonably could have taken and believed in good faith was in the interests of the Company and/or its stockholders); 3. Clause (5) of Section 1(d) of the Agreement is amended in its entirety to read as follows: (5) Executive s repeated failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned duties after written notice from the Company of, and a reasonable opportunity to cure, such failure or inability (but excluding any failure or inability due to the Executive s death or disability); The parties hereto have requested that this Agreement be drafted in English. Les parties soussign es ont requis que le pr sent document soit r dig en anglais. Except as expressly modified by this Amendment, the Agreement will remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. This Amendment will be governed by the laws of the province of Quebec and the laws of Canada. DocuSign Envelope ID: E915785B-CF38-40CB-9BB5-D643110B7582 

10224307.1 2 The Company and the Executive have executed this Amendment, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, as of the Effective Date. IMMERSION CORPORATION EXECUTIVE Ramzi Haidamus Aaron Akerman President and CEO VMC 03/02/2020 DocuSign Envelope ID: E915785B-CF38-40CB-9BB5-D643110B7582 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-10.32>
 12
 immr12312022exhibit1032.htm
 EX-10.32

Document 

Exhibit 10.32 
 
 Summary of Compensation Information of Aaron Akerman, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 On May 26, 2022, the Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Board of the Company approved an increase to the annual base salary of Aaron Akerman, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, from CAD 310,000 to CAD 335,000. 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-10.33>
 13
 immr1231202210-kexhibit1033.htm
 EX-10.33

Document 

Exhibit 10.33 
 Description of 2022 Executive Bonus Plan 
 
 Guiding Principles 
 
 Immersion (the Company or Immersion believes that base salary should reflect the value of the job in the market and to the Company. Variable pay opportunities will be offered to eligible employees Participants based on Company objectives. 
 
 Including employees in variable pay programs does not implicitly or explicitly guarantee the payment of a bonus or otherwise create an entitlement. The payment of variable compensation will be based upon the achievement of specific performance metrics, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. 
 
 Concept 
 
 Under the Plan, cash bonus awards may be made to Participants. Corporate financial objectives will be determined and communicated to Participants. Actual bonus awards are based on the Company s overall financial performance results against objectives. 
 
 Objectives 
 
 The primary objectives of the Plan are to 
 
 Support the Company s strategic plan and help to drive financial performance. 
 
 Communicate to Plan Participants what is expected and what is rewarded. 
 
 Create stakeholders (i.e., an employee population which is committed to their Company, their organization, and their own individual performance) and support the shift to a performance culture by reinforcing the company s desire to drive performance and create a sense of urgency and accountability while working together toward the Company s achievement of its overall financial objectives. 
 
 Recognize company and individual performance. 
 
 Focus Plan Participants on performance measures they can affect. 
 
 Support thoughtful risk-taking with rewards tied to successful outcomes. 
 
 Provide variable, competitive cash compensation opportunities. 
 
 Plan Year 
 
 The Plan year is the Company s fiscal year January 1 and ending December 31 of the same calendar year. The Plan automatically expires at the expiration of the Plan year. The Company, in its sole discretion, shall determine the continuation, modification or cancellation of the Plan upon expiration of the Plan year. 
 
 Eligibility 
 
 Participants who participate in the Plan are not eligible for any other commission or incentive plan or profit sharing other than plans applicable to all Immersion employees in general. Participants are all regular-status Immersion employees. Participants must be employed with the Company through the date of Plan payout to be eligible for and to earn a bonus payout, if any. We also recognize that employees may commence employment at any time during the year. Full-time employees hired during the Plan period, who are permitted to participate in the Plan, shall be eligible to participate on a pro-rata basis, based upon their start date and contingent upon continued active employment through the date when the Plan payouts occur. To be eligible for 1H incentive, new hires should join no later than April 1 st and for 2H, no later than October 1 st . The pro-ration will be based on the number of days worked during the Plan year or half year. Participants on an approved leave of absence during the Plan year or half year will have their bonus payout adjusted to reflect the number of days they were on leave. 

Target Bonus 
 
 Each Participant is assigned a target bonus expressed as a percentage of annual base salary or a fixed amount. 
 
 The Company s Board of Directors will determine target bonuses in their sole discretion. 
 
 The Plan Participant s individual target bonus will be communicated in a separate letter by the Participant s manager. Managers will communicate individual bonus targets to each Participant, generally in one-on-one meetings where the Company s financial targets are discussed and the individual objectives, if applicable, will also be discussed. 
 
 Pay-For-Performance 
 
 Active participation in the Plan can have a positive effect on performance as well as the success of the overall organization. 
 Company Financial Objectives Financial metrics are established by the Board of Directors or Executive team of the Company. 
 
 The Plan is designed to motivate and reward specific performance results. 
 
 Corporate Performance 
 
 Payouts under the 2022 Immersion Bonus Plan will be solely based on Adjusted Non-GAAP Operating Income. 
 
 For purposes of the 2022 Immersion Bonus Plan, the term Adjusted Non-GAAP Operating Income with respect to a certain period of time shall mean Revenues minus Adjusted Non-GAAP OPEX. 
 
 The term Revenue is revenue that is recognized by Immersion for the applicable period in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and as reported in the Company s quarterly financial press releases and audited financial statements. 
 
 The term Adjusted Non-GAAP OPEX shall mean Non-GAAP OPEX minus Specified Litigation Expenses. 
 
 The term Non-GAAP OPEX shall mean Non-GAAP operating expenses as reported by the Company in its quarterly financial press releases. 
 
 The term Specified Litigation Expenses shall mean operating expenses relating to any litigation involving Company intellectual property being asserted against another party (e.g., a patent infringement suit against another party). 
 
 Payouts 
 
 Bonus payouts will be semi-annual such that the first potential payout will be with respect to 1H 2022 and the second potential payout will be with respect to 2H 2022. The target bonus for a Participant for each payment, unless otherwise determined by the Company, will be 50 of a Participant s annual bonus target. 
 
 1H 2022 Payout 
 
 The determination of the bonus payout for 1H 2022 will be based on the Compensation Committee s certification that, with respect to 1H 2022, the Company has achieved Adjusted Non-GAAP Operating Income of at least U.S. XXX (the 1H 2022 Corporate Target ). Upon such certification, Participant shall be eligible to receive 50 of such Participant s annual target bonus. 
 
 The 1H 2022 payout to an executive officer Participant is to be made in January 2023 provided such executive officer Participant does not voluntarily resign his employment prior to the payment date (with no loss of eligibility upon death, disability or termination by the Company, with or without cause). 

2H 2022 Payout 
 
 The determination of the bonus payout for 2H 2022 will be based on the Compensation Committee s certification that, with respect to FY 2022, the Company has achieved Adjusted Non-GAAP Operating Income of at least U.S. XXX (the 2H 2022 Corporate Target ). Upon such certification, Participant shall be eligible to receive 50 of such Participant s annual target bonus. 
 
 Promotions 
 
 Participants promoted during the fiscal half in which they are eligible to participate, may have a new bonus target assigned at the time of promotion. 

Confidential and Proprietary Information Non-Competition During Employment 
 
 The Plan is confidential and proprietary and thus should not be published, discussed or otherwise disclosed in any way outside the Company. 
 
 During employment, Participant agrees not to promote the business, products or services of any other company or organization in competition with the Company and not to engage in any other outside business activity without the express written authorization of the Company. In addition, Participant acknowledges the restrictions on the use of customer proprietary data. 
 
 Termination of Employment 
 
 Participants must remain employed, through the date that the bonus is paid, in order to be eligible for and to earn a bonus payment. Participants whose employment is terminated either voluntarily or involuntarily, and whether with or without cause, prior to this date shall not be eligible for a bonus payment whether in full or on a pro-rata basis, unless there is otherwise a written agreement between the Company and Participant. 
 
 Timing of Bonus Payments 
 
 Immersion retains discretion to determine whether any bonus payments shall be made, but, in the event of bonus payouts, will endeavor to make any such payments for semi-annual performance categories as soon as practical after the evaluation of goal attainment. Bonuses are not deemed to be earned until Immersion has exercised its discretion to make a payout to Participant on a certain date and the Participant remains eligible as of the date of the payout. 
 
 Communication 
 
 Communication is critical to the success of this program. Department heads and their designees will be responsible for communicating bonus targets to each Participant. 
 
 Plan Changes and Interpretation 
 
 Although it is not Immersion s intention to change the Plan once it is communicated to Participants, Immersion, at its sole discretion, and with or without notice, retains the right to amend, supplement, supersede or cancel this Plan for any reason, at any time, and at its sole discretion, including, but not limited to eligibility, the payout amounts and methodology, as permitted by applicable law. Specifically, Immersion reserves the right to determine in all instances, whether and when to pay out any bonus amounts, regardless of the achievement of the minimum threshold in any category. For example, overall corporate well-being and general economic conditions may impact whether Immersion pays out any bonus amounts. 
 
 In the event that a Participant receives payment under this Plan that is, in the sole determination of the Company, the result of or based in any way upon fraudulent activity and or misstated financials or otherwise inaccurate financial reporting, the Company shall have the right, at its own discretion, to recover any or all of the bonus paid to the Participant. 
 This Plan may only be amended, supplemented or terminated in writing by the CEO or the Executive Chairman. Immersion reserves the right to administer this Plan and interpret all provisions of this Plan. Any determination, decision or action of the CEO or the Executive Chairman in connection with the 

construction, interpretation, administration or application of the Plan shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all persons, and shall be given the maximum deference permitted by law. This Plan is not subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and any benefits payable under this Plan shall be paid from general Company assets. 

At-Will Employment 
 
 For U.S. employees, nothing in this plan shall in any way diminish or limit the Company's right to terminate the employment of any participant, at-will, at any time. All U.S employees of the company are employed on an at-will basis, which means that either the employee or the company may terminate the relationship at any time with the understanding that neither party has the obligation to base that decision on any reason other than their intent not to continue the employment relationship. 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-21.1>
 14
 immr-12312021form10xkex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

SUBSIDIARIES OF IMMERSION CORPORATION 
 
 Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Immersion Canada Corporation Nova Scotia, Canada Immersion Medical, Inc. Maryland, USA Immersion International, LLC Delaware, USA Haptify, Inc. Delaware, USA Immersion Software Ireland Limited Ireland Immersion Japan, K.K. Japan Immersion Limited Hong Kong Toro 18 Holdings LLC Delaware, USA 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 15
 immr12312022form10-kex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-252684) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-94997, 333-157820, 333-175274, 333-200983, 333-219921, 333-233353, and 333-261490) of Immersion Corporation and subsidiaries of our report dated February 25, 2022, relating to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

s Armanino LLP 
 
 San Jose, California 
 
 February 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 16
 immr12312022ex232suedplant.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-252684) and Form S-8 (No. 333-94997, 333-157820, 333-175274, 333-200983, 333-219921, 333- 
 233353, and 333-261490) of Immersion Corporation and subsidiaries of our report dated February 20, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements appearing in this Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Denver, Colorado February 21, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 17
 immr-12312022ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Eric Singer, certify that 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Immersion Corporation 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 
 s ERIC SINGER Eric Singer Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 18
 immr-12312022ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Aaron Akerman, certify that 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Immersion Corporation 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 s AARON AKERMAN Aaron Akerman Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 19
 immr-12312022ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Immersion Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Eric Singer, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that based on my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 s ERIC SINGER Eric Singer Chief Executive Officer 
 February 22, 2023 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 20
 immr-12312022ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Immersion Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Aaron Akerman, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that based on my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 s AARON AKERMAN Aaron Akerman Chief Financial Officer 
 February 22, 2023 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 21
 immr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 22
 immr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 23
 immr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 24
 immr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 25
 immr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

