<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_1338474_0001214659-23-003132.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2974671</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>179034</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>630816</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>831820</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>542497</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>709910</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001214659-23-003132.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227162743
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001214659-23-003132
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RIDGEWOOD ENERGY Q FUND LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001338474
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL AND GAS FIELD EXPLORATION SERVICES [1382]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51927
		FILM NUMBER:		23675356

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14 PHILIPS PARKWAY
		CITY:			MONTVALE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07645
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2014479000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14 PHILIPS PARKWAY
		CITY:			MONTVALE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07645

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001214659-23-003132.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 q12523310k.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C.
20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

 or 

 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____ to _____ 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , 

 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

 Shares of LLC Membership Interest 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o 
 x 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. x No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 x No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 o 
 Accelerated filer 
 o 

x 

Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o x 

There is market for the shares of LLC Membership
Interest in the Fund. As of February 27, 2023, there were shares of LLC Membership Interest outstanding. 

RIDGEWOOD ENERGY Q FUND, LLC 
2022 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I 

ITEM 1 
 BUSINESS 
 2 

ITEM 1A 
 RISK FACTORS 
 10 

ITEM 1B 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 10 

ITEM 2 
 PROPERTIES 
 10 

ITEM 3 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 11 

ITEM 4 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 11 
 
 PART II 

ITEM 5 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 12 

ITEM 6 
 [RESERVED] 
 12 

ITEM 7 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 12 

ITEM 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 17 

ITEM 8 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 17 

ITEM 9 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 17 

ITEM 9A 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 18 

ITEM 9B 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 18 

ITEM 9C 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 18 
 
 PART III 

ITEM 10 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 19 

ITEM 11 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 20 

ITEM 12 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 20 

ITEM 13 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 20 

ITEM 14 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 21 
 
 PART IV 

ITEM 15 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 22 

SIGNATURES 
 23 

Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report and the documents Ridgewood Energy Q Fund, LLC (the Fund has incorporated by reference into
this Annual Report, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections and statements relating to the Fund s
business plans, strategies, objectives and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are
 forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking
statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results
to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. You are therefore cautioned against relying on any such forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements can generally be identified by words such as believe, project, expect, 
 anticipate, estimate, intend, strategy, plan, target, 
 pursue, may, will, will likely result, and similar expressions and references
to future periods. Examples of events that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those anticipated
include the impact on the Fund s business and operations of any future widespread health emergencies or public health crises such
as pandemics and epidemics, weather conditions, such as hurricanes, changes in market and other conditions affecting the pricing, production
and demand of oil and natural gas, the cost and availability of equipment, the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the global
response to such conflict, and changes in domestic and foreign governmental regulations, as well as other risks and uncertainties discussed
in this Annual Report in Item 1. Business and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations. Examples of forward-looking statements made herein include statements regarding projects, investments,
insurance, capital expenditures and liquidity. Forward-looking statements made in this document speak only as of the date on which they
are made. The Fund undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

1 

 Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

The Fund is a Delaware limited liability company LLC formed on August 16, 2005 to primarily acquire interests in oil and natural gas properties located in the United States
offshore waters of Texas, Louisiana and Alabama in the Gulf of Mexico. 

The Fund initiated its private placement offering
on September 6, 2005, selling whole and fractional shares of LLC membership interests Shares ), primarily at 150 thousand
per whole Share. There is no public market for the Shares and one is not likely to develop. In addition, the Shares are subject to material
restrictions on transfer and resale and cannot be transferred or resold except in accordance with the Fund s limited liability company
agreement (the LLC Agreement and applicable federal and state securities laws. The private placement offering was terminated
on December 30, 2005. The Fund raised 123.0 million and, after payment of 19.6 million in offering fees, commissions and investment
fees, the Fund had 103.4 million for investments and operating expenses. 

Manager 

Ridgewood Energy Corporation (the Manager 
or Ridgewood Energy was founded in 1982. The Manager has direct and exclusive control over the management of the Fund s
operations. The Manager performs, or arranges for the performance of, the management, advisory and administrative services required for
the Fund s operations. Such services include, without limitation, the administration of shareholder accounts, shareholder relations,
the preparation, review and dissemination of tax and other financial information and the management of the Fund s investments in
projects. In addition, the Manager provides office space, equipment and facilities and other services necessary for the Fund s operations.
The Manager also engages and manages contractual relations with unaffiliated custodians, depositories, accountants, attorneys, corporate
fiduciaries, insurers, banks and others as required. Historically, when the Fund sought project investments, the Manager located potential
projects, conducted due diligence, and negotiated the investment transactions with respect to those projects. Because the Fund does not
operate any of the projects in which it has acquired a working interest, shareholders rely on the Manager to continue to manage the projects
prudently, efficiently and fairly. Additional information regarding the Manager is available through its website at www.ridgewoodenergy.com.
No information on such website shall be deemed to be included or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. 

As compensation for its services, the Manager
is entitled to receive an annual management fee, which was waived by the Manager for the remaining life of the Fund during 2009. The Manager
is entitled to receive 15 of the cash distributions from operations made by the Fund. Distributions paid to the Manager during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0.9 million and 0.2 million, respectively. 

In addition to the management fee, the Fund is
required to pay all other expenses it may incur, including insurance premiums, expenses of preparing periodic reports for shareholders
and the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), taxes, third-party legal, accounting and consulting fees, litigation expenses
and other expenses. 

Business Strategy 

The Fund s primary investment objective
is to generate cash flow for distribution to its shareholders by generating returns across a portfolio of oil and natural gas projects.
The frequency and amount of such distributions are within the Manager s discretion, subject to available cash flow from operations.
The Fund, along with other exploration and production companies, has invested in the drilling and development of both shallow and deepwater
oil and natural gas projects in the U.S. offshore waters of Texas, Louisiana and Alabama in the Gulf of Mexico. The Fund s ownership
in its projects is recorded with the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management BOEM ), an agency of the United States Department
of Interior Interior ), as a working interest, which is an undivided fractional interest in a lease block that provides
the owner with the right to drill, produce and conduct operating activities and share in any resulting oil and natural gas production. 

The Fund s capital has been fully invested
and as a result, the Fund will not invest in any new projects and will limit its investment activities, if any, to those projects in which
it currently has a working interest, as discussed below under the heading Properties in this Item 1. Business 
of this Annual Report. 

2 

 Table of Contents 

Investment Committee 

 Ridgewood Energy maintains an investment committee
consisting of five employees of the Manager (the Investment Committee ). The members of the Investment Committee provide
operational, financial, scientific and technical oil and gas expertise to the Fund. The Investment Committee s current activities
with respect to the Fund are principally related to the development and operation of properties in which it already has a working interest. 

Participation and Joint Operating Agreements 

 On behalf of the Fund, and with respect to the
Fund s projects, the Manager negotiated participation and joint operating agreements with the operators of each project. Under each
joint operating agreement, proposals and decisions with respect to a project and related activities are generally made based on percentage
ownership approvals and, although an operator s percentage ownership may constitute a majority ownership, operators generally seek
consensus relating to project decisions. 

Concentration of Production and Revenues 

A significant portion of the Fund s revenues
and cash flows are generated from the production and sale of oil and natural gas from the Beta Project. Because of this concentration,
any significant production problems and curtailment, interruption in the availability of gathering, processing, or transportation infrastructure
and services, impacts of adverse weather or inaccuracies in reserves estimates could have a material adverse impact on the Fund s
cash flows and expected operating results. 

Project Information 

The Fund s Beta Project is located in the
waters of the Gulf of Mexico on the Outer Continental Shelf OCS ). The Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act OCSLA ),
which was enacted in 1953, governs certain activities with respect to working interests and the exploration of oil and natural gas in
the OCS. See further discussion under the heading Regulation in this Item 1. Business of this Annual Report. 

Leases in the OCS are generally issued for a primary
lease term of 5, 7 or 10 years, depending on the water depth of the lease block. Once a lessee drills a well and begins production, the
lease term is extended for the duration of commercial production. 

The lessee of a particular block, for the term
of the lease, has the right to drill and develop exploratory wells and conduct other activities throughout the block. If the initial well
on the block is successful, a lessee, or third-party operator for a project, may conduct additional geological studies and may determine
to drill additional exploratory or development wells. If a development well is to be drilled in the block, each lessee owning working
interests in the block must be offered the opportunity to participate in, and cover the costs of, the development well up to that particular
lessee s working interest ownership percentage. 

Royalty Payments 

 Generally, and depending on the lease, working
interest owners of an offshore oil and natural gas lease under the OCSLA pay a royalty of 12.5 , 16.67 or 18.75 to the U.S. Government
through the Office of Natural Resources Revenue ONRR ). Other than the ONRR royalties, the Fund does not have material royalty
burdens with the exception of the fixed percentage overriding royalty interests ORRI of 6.25 in its net revenue interest
in the Beta Project s oil and natural gas production, which was conveyed on January 1, 2023 and is payable to the former lender
pursuant to the Fund s credit agreement applicable to the project. 

Deepwater Royalty Relief 

 In addition to the Royalty Relief Rule, the Deepwater
Royalty Relief Act of 1995 (the Deepwater Royalty Relief Act was enacted to promote exploration and production of oil and
natural gas in the deepwater of the Gulf of Mexico and relieves eligible leases from paying royalties to the U.S. Government on certain
defined amounts of deepwater production. The Deepwater Royalty Relief Act expired in the year 2000 but was extended for qualified leases
by the BOEM to promote continued interest in deepwater. The Fund currently has one project, the Beta Project, which is eligible for royalty
relief under the Deepwater Royalty Relief Act. The Deepwater Royalty Relief Act does not apply to oil if the prices of oil exceed certain
thresholds (currently estimated to be between 44.68 per barrel and 58.01 per barrel) adjusted annually for inflation. The Deepwater
Royalty Relief Act does not apply to natural gas if the prices of natural gas exceed certain thresholds (currently estimated to be between
 5.58 per mmbtu and 9.67 per mmbtu) adjusted annually for inflation. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

Properties 

Productive Wells 

 The following table sets forth the number of productive
oil and natural gas wells in which the Fund owned a working interest as of December 31, 2022. Productive wells are producing wells and
wells mechanically capable of production. Gross wells are the total number of wells in which the Fund owns a working interest. Net wells
are the sum of the Fund s fractional working interests owned in the gross wells. All of the wells, each of which produces both oil
and natural gas, are located in the offshore waters of the Gulf of Mexico and are operated by third-party operators. 

Total Productive Wells 

Gross 
 Net 
 
 Oil and natural gas 
 7 
 0.16 

Acreage Data 

 The following table sets forth the Fund s
working interests in developed and undeveloped oil and natural gas acreage as of December 31, 2022 . Gross acres are the total number
of acres in which the Fund owns a working interest. Net acres are the sum of the fractional working interests owned in gross acres. Ownership
interests generally take the form of working interests in oil and natural gas leases that have varying terms. All of the Fund s
oil and natural gas acreage is located in the offshore waters of the Gulf of Mexico. 

Developed Acres 
 Undeveloped Acres 
 
 Gross 
 Net 
 Gross 
 Net 
 
 23,033 
 518 
 364 
 8 

Information regarding the Fund s Beta Project,
which is located in the offshore waters of the Gulf of Mexico, is provided in the following table. See Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report under the heading Liquidity
Needs for information regarding the funding of the Fund s capital commitments. 

Total Spent 

Total 

Working 
 through 

Fund 

Project 
 Interest 
 December 31, 2022 

Budget 
 Status 
 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Beta Project 
 2.25 
 22,511 

25,613 
 The Beta Project, a seven-well project, commenced production from its first two wells in 2016. Additional wells commenced production in 2017, 2018 and 2019. During 2022, the project experienced shut-in from late-March 2022 to early-June 2022 for recompletion work. During 2021, the project experienced shut-in from May 2021 to late-September 2021 for recompletion work. The project also experienced storm shut-ins during third quarter of 2021 as a result of Hurricane Ida, which passed directly through the corridor where the project is located. The Fund expects to spend 1.5 million for additional development costs and 1.6 million for asset retirement obligations. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

Marketing/Customers 

The Manager, on behalf of the Fund, markets the
Fund s oil and natural gas to third parties consistent with industry practice. The Fund utilizes Beta Sales and Transport, LLC Beta
S T ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Manager, as an aggregator to and as an accommodation for the Fund and other funds managed
by the Manager to facilitate the transportation and sale of oil and natural gas produced from the Beta Project. In 2016, the Fund entered
into a master agreement with Beta S T pursuant to which Beta S T is obligated to purchase from the Fund all of its interests in
oil and natural gas produced from the Beta Project and sell such volumes to unrelated third-party purchasers. The number of customers
purchasing the Fund s oil and natural gas may vary from time to time. Currently, the Fund has two major customers in the public
market. Because a ready market exists for oil and natural gas, the Fund does not believe that the loss of any individual customer would
have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations. The Fund s Beta Project is near existing transportation
infrastructure and pipelines. 

The Fund s oil and natural gas generally
is sold to its customers at prevailing market prices, which fluctuate with demand as a result of related industry variables. 
The markets for, and prices of, oil and natural gas have been volatile, and they are likely to continue to be volatile in the future.
This volatility is caused by numerous factors and market conditions that the Fund cannot control or influence; therefore, it is impossible
to predict the future price of oil and natural gas with any certainty. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report under the headings Commodity Price Changes, 
 Results of Operations Overview and Results of Operations Oil and Gas Revenue 
for information regarding the impact of prices on the Fund s oil and gas revenue. 

Seasonality 

Generally, the Fund s business operations
are not subject to seasonal fluctuations in the demand for oil and natural gas that would result in more of the Fund s oil and natural
gas being sold, or likely to be sold, during one or more particular months or seasons. Once a project is producing, the operator of the
project extracts oil and natural gas reserves throughout the year. Once extracted, oil and natural gas can be sold at any time during
the year. 

However, notwithstanding the ability of the Fund s
Beta Project to produce year-round, the project is located in the Gulf of Mexico; therefore, its operations and cash flows may be significantly
impacted by hurricanes and other inclement weather. Such events may also have a detrimental impact on third-party pipelines and processing
facilities, upon which the Fund relies to transport and process the oil and natural gas it produces. The National Hurricane Center defines
hurricane season in the Gulf of Mexico as June through November. The Fund did not experience any significant damage, shut-ins, or production
stoppages due to hurricane activity in 2022. 

Operators 

The projects in which the Fund has invested are
operated and controlled by unaffiliated third-party entities acting as operators. The operators are responsible for drilling, administration
and production activities for leases jointly owned by working interest owners and act on behalf of all working interest owners under the
terms of the applicable joint operating agreement. In certain circumstances, operators will enter into agreements with independent third-party
subcontractors and suppliers to provide the various services required for operating leases. Currently, the Fund's Beta Project is operated
by Walter Oil Gas Corporation. 

Insurance 

The Manager has obtained what it believes to be
adequate insurance for the funds that it manages to cover the risks associated with the funds passive investments, including those
of the Fund. Although the Fund is not an operator, the Manager has, nonetheless, obtained hazard, property, general liability and other
insurance in commercially reasonable amounts to cover its projects, as well as general liability, directors and officers 
liability and similar coverage for its business operations. However, there is no assurance that such insurance will be adequate to protect
the Fund from material losses related to its projects. In addition, the Manager s practice is to obtain insurance as a package that
is intended to cover most, if not all, of the entities under its management. The Manager re-evaluates its insurance coverage on an annual
basis. While the Manager believes it has obtained adequate insurance in accordance with customary industry practices, the possibility
exists, depending on the extent of the insurable incident, that insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all losses. In addition,
depending on the extent, nature and payment of any claims during a particular policy period to the Fund or its affiliates, yearly insurance
coverage may be exhausted and become insufficient to cover a claim by the Fund in a given year. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

Salvage Fund 

The Fund deposits cash in a separate interest-bearing
account, or salvage fund, to provide for its proportionate share of the cost of dismantling and removal of production platforms and facilities
and plugging and abandoning the wells at the end of their useful lives in accordance with applicable federal and state laws and regulations.
As of December 31, 2022, the Fund had 1.2 million invested in a salvage fund. On a monthly basis, the Fund contributes to the salvage
fund a portion of its operating income to fund its asset retirement obligations as necessary. Such contributions to the salvage fund will
reduce the amount of cash distributions that could otherwise be made to investors by the Fund. Any portion of the salvage fund that remains
after the Fund has paid for all of its asset retirement obligations will be distributed to the shareholders and the Manager. There are
no restrictions on withdrawals from the salvage fund. 

Employees 

The Fund has no employees. The Manager operates
and manages the Fund. 

Offices 

The administrative office of both the Fund and
the Manager is located at 14 Philips Parkway, Montvale, NJ 07645, and their phone number is 800-942-5550. The Manager leases additional
office space at 230 Royal Palm Way, Suite 102, Palm Beach, FL, 33480 and 1254 Enclave Parkway, Houston, TX 77077. 

Regulation 

Oil and natural gas exploration, development,
production and transportation activities are subject to extensive federal and state laws and regulations. Regulations governing exploration
and development activities require, among other things, the Fund s operators to obtain permits to drill projects and to meet bonding,
insurance and environmental requirements in order to drill, own or operate projects. In addition, the location of projects, the method
of drilling and casing projects, the restoration of properties upon which projects are drilled, and the plugging and abandoning of projects
are also subject to regulation. The Fund owns the Beta Project that is located in the offshore waters of the Gulf of Mexico on the OCS.
The Fund s operations and activities are therefore governed by the OCSLA and certain other laws and regulations. 

Outer Continental Shelf
Lands Act 

Under the OCSLA, the United States federal government
has jurisdiction over oil and natural gas development on the OCS. As a result, the United States Secretary of the Interior is empowered
to sell exploration, development and production leases of a defined submerged area of the OCS, or a block, through a competitive bidding
process. Such activity is conducted by the BOEM. Federal offshore leases are managed both by the BOEM and the Bureau of Safety and Environmental
Enforcement BSEE pursuant to regulations promulgated under the OCSLA. The OCSLA authorizes regulations relating to safety
and environmental protection applicable to lessees and permittees operating on the OCS. Specific design and operational standards may
apply to OCS vessels, rigs, platforms, vehicles and structures. BSEE regulates the design and operation of well control and other equipment
at offshore production sites, implementation of safety and environmental management systems, and mandatory third-party compliance audits,
among other requirements. BSEE adopted strict requirements for subsea drilling production equipment and had proposed new requirements
to implement equipment reliability improvements, building upon enhanced industry standards for blowout preventers and blowout prevention
technologies, and reforms in well design, well control, casing, cementing, real-time well monitoring and subsea containment. BSEE has
also published a policy statement on safety culture with nine characteristics of a robust safety culture. In May 2019, BSEE adopted a
final rule revising standards for blowout prevention systems and other well controls pertaining to offshore activities (the 2019
Well Control Rule ). The 2019 Well Control Rule became effective July 15, 2019, however compliance with certain provisions was deferred
until 2021 or thereafter as specified in those provisions. The 2019 Well Control Rule imposes new requirements relating to, among, other
things, well design, well control, casing, cementing, real-time well monitoring and subsea containment. On September 12, 2022, BSEE announced
proposed revisions to provisions of the 2019 Well Control Rule to clarify blowout preventer system requirements and to modify specific
blowout prevented equipment capability requirements. On September 14, 2022, the proposed rule was published in the Federal Register with
a 60-day public comment period that closed on November 14, 2022. The 2019 Well Control Rule applies directly to operators as opposed to
non-operators. On September 28, 2018, the BSEE published a final rule revising regulations relating to oil and natural gas production
safety systems, subsurface safety devices and safety device testing (referred to as Subpart H the rule was effective December
27, 2018. Given the fact that compliance with the 2019 Well Control Rule and Subpart H is the responsibility of the operators and the
exploration and development of each well is different, the future costs associated with compliance that will be incurred by non-operators,
such as the Fund, cannot be determined or estimated. On December 4, 2020, BOEM published a Record of Decision ROD for
the final programmatic environmental impact statement for geological and geophysical survey activities in the Gulf of Mexico and adjacent
state waters. The ROD provides for additional mitigation measures for application for future BOEM issued permits or authorizations toward
further minimizing impacts of such geological and geophysical survey activities on marine resources. Violations of environmentally related
lease conditions or regulations issued pursuant to the OCSLA can result in substantial civil and criminal penalties, which civil penalties
were increased and adjusted for inflation on March 18, 2022, as well as potential court injunctions curtailing operations and the cancellation
of leases. Such enforcement liabilities, delay or restriction of activities can result from either governmental or citizen prosecution. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

BOEM Supplemental Financial
Assurance Requirements 

On July 14, 2016, the BOEM issued a Notice to
Lessees NTL 2016-N01 that discontinued and materially replaced existing policies and procedures regarding financial security
(i.e. supplemental bonding) for decommissioning obligations of lessees of federal oil and natural gas leases and owners of pipeline rights-of-way,
rights-of-use and easements on the OCS Lessees ). Generally, NTL 2016-N01 (i) ended the practice of excusing Lessees
from providing such additional security where co-lessees had sufficient financial strength to meet such decommissioning obligations, (ii)
established new criteria for determining financial strength and additional security requirements of such Lessees, (iii) provided
acceptable forms of such additional security, and (iv) replaced the waiver system with one of self-insurance. The rule became effective
as of September 12, 2016; however, on January 6, 2017, the BOEM announced that it was suspending the implementation timeline for six months
in certain circumstances. On May 1, 2017, the Secretary of the Interior directed the BOEM to complete a review of NTL 2016-N01,
to provide a report to certain Interior personnel describing the results of the review and options for revising or rescinding NTL 2016-N01,
and to keep the implementation timeline extension in effect pending the completion of the review of NTL 2016-N01 by the identified Interior
personnel. 

On
October 16, 2020, BOEM and BSEE published a proposed new rule at 85 FR 65904 on Risk, Management, Financial Assurance and Loss Prevention,
addressing the streamlining of evaluation criteria when determining whether oil, gas and sulfur leases, right-of-use and easement grant
holders, and pipeline right-of-way grant holders may be required to provide bonds or other security above the prescribed amounts for base
bonds to ensure compliance with the Lessees obligations, primarily decommissioning obligations. The proposed rule was significantly
less stringent with respect to financial assurance than NTL 2016-N01. To date, the BOEM is not currently implementing NTL 2016-N01 and
its status is uncertain, and BOEM has indicated that it is reviewing the proposed rule. 

Notwithstanding
the uncertain status of NTL 2016-N01, BOEM had continued under existing law to review supplemental financial assurance requirements relative
to sole liability properties (i.e., properties in which only one company is liable for decommissioning). However, on August 18,
2021, the BOEM issued a Note to Stakeholders in which the BOEM stated that it was expanding its financial assurance efforts beyond sole
liability projects to include supplemental financial assurance of certain high-risk, non-sole liability properties (those
properties with more than one company potentially liable for decommissioning costs). The BOEM identified (i) inactive properties, (ii)
those with less than five years of production left, and (iii) those with damaged infrastructure, as being high-risk, non-sole liability
properties and for which supplemental financial assurance may be required. The BOEM may require the Fund to fully secure all
of its potential abandonment liabilities, which potentially could increase costs to the Fund. The Fund is not able to evaluate
the impact of the proposed new rule on its operations or financial condition until a final rule is issued or some other definitive action
is taken by the Interior or BOEM. 

Sales and Transportation
of Oil and Natural Gas 

The Fund, directly or indirectly through affiliated
entities, sells its proportionate share of oil and natural gas to the market and receives market prices from such sales. These sales are
not currently subject to regulation by any federal or state agency. However, in order for the Fund to make such sales, it is dependent
upon unaffiliated pipeline companies whose rates, terms and conditions of transport are subject to regulation by the Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission. Generally, depending on certain factors, pipelines can charge rates that are either market-based or cost-of-service-based.
In some circumstances, rates can be agreed upon pursuant to settlement. Thus, the rates that pipelines charge the Fund, although regulated,
are beyond the Fund s control. Nevertheless, such rates would apply uniformly to all transporters on that pipeline and, as a result,
management does not anticipate that the impact to the Fund of any changes in such rates, terms or conditions would be materially different
than the impact to other oil or natural gas producers and marketers. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

Environmental Matters
and Regulation 

The Fund s operations are subject to pervasive
environmental laws and regulations governing, among other things, the discharge of materials into the air and water, the handling and
managing of waste materials, and the protection of aquatic species and habitats. While most of the activities to which these federal,
state and local environmental laws and regulations apply are conducted by the operators on the Fund s behalf, the Fund shares the
liability along with its other working interest owners for environmental impacts attributable to the Fund s operations. The environmental
laws and regulations to which its operations are subject may require the Fund, or the operator, to acquire permits to commence drilling
operations, restrict or prohibit the release of certain materials or substances into the environment, impose the installation of certain
environmental control devices, require certain remedial measures to prevent pollution and other discharges such as the plugging of abandoned
projects and, finally, impose in some instances severe penalties, fines and liabilities for the environmental damage that may be caused
by, or impacts that may be attributable to, the Fund s Beta Project. 

Some of the environmental laws that apply to oil
and natural gas exploration and production are described below: 

Oil Pollution Act. 
The Oil Pollution Act of 1990, as amended (the OPA ), amends Section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act of 1972,
as amended (the Clean Water Act ), and was enacted in response to the numerous tanker spills that occurred in the 1980s,
including the Exxon Valdez spill. Among other things, the OPA clarifies the federal response authority to, and defines penalties for,
such spills. OPA imposes strict, joint and several liabilities on responsible parties for damages, including natural resource
damages, resulting from oil spills into or upon navigable waters, adjoining shorelines or in the exclusive economic zone of the United
States. A responsible party includes the owner or operator of an onshore facility and the lessee or permit holder of the
area in which an offshore facility is located. The OPA, with regulations promulgated thereunder, establishes a liability limit for onshore
facilities and deepwater ports of 672.51 million (effective as of November 12, 2019), while the liability limit for a responsible
party for offshore facilities, including any offshore pipeline, is equal to all removal costs plus up to 137.66 million in other
damages for each incident. These liability limits may not apply if a spill is caused by a party s gross negligence or willful misconduct,
if the spill resulted from violation of a federal safety, construction or operating regulation, or if a party fails to report a spill
or to cooperate fully in a clean-up. Regulations under the OPA require owners and operators of rigs in United States waters to maintain
certain levels of financial responsibility. A failure to comply with the OPA s requirements may subject a responsible party to civil,
criminal, or administrative enforcement actions. The Fund is not aware of any action or event that would subject us to liability under
the OPA. Compliance with the OPA s financial assurance and other operating requirements has not had, and the Fund believes will
not in the future have, a material impact on the Fund s operations or financial condition. 

Clean Water Act. 
Generally, the Clean Water Act, as well as analogous state requirements, imposes liability for the unauthorized discharge of pollutants,
including petroleum products, into the surface and coastal U.S. waters, except in strict conformance with discharge permits issued by
the federal or delegated state agency. Regulations governing water discharges also impose other requirements, such as the obligation to
prepare spill response plans. On December 11, 2018, the Environmental Protection Agency EPA and Department of the Army Army proposed a revised definition of waters of the United States WOTUS ), clarifying the
limits of federal authority under the Clean Water Act. The scope of this authority, as defined under a 2015 rule, was challenged in several
federal district court actions and therefore was repealed by the EPA and the Army on September 12, 2019. The repeal, which became effective
on December 23, 2019, restored the previous regulation to how it existed prior to finalization of the 2015 Rule. The 2020 Navigable Waters
Protection Rule NWPR was then promulgated, with a replacement definition of WOTUS, and went into effect on June 22, 2020.
A recent executive order revoked a prior executive order related to WOTUS and directed agencies to review certain actions, including the
NWPR. On June 9, 2021, the Department of the Army and EPA announced their intent to initiate a new rulemaking process that would both
restore a pre-2015 Clean Water Rule and develop a new rule to establish a new WOTUS definition, and then sought feedback from stakeholders.
On September 3, 2021, following a court order vacating the NWPR, the Department of the Army and EPA announced that they had halted implementation
of the NWPR and would interpret WOTUS consistent with the pre-2015 regulatory regime. On November 18, 2021, the EPA and the Department
of the Army announced the signing of a proposed rule to revise the definition of WOTUS. On December 7, 2021, the proposed rule was published
in the Federal Register with a 60-day public comment period that closed on February 7, 2022. On December 30, 2022, the EPA and the Department
the Army announced a final rule establishing a revised definition of WOTUS that restores the pre-2015 regulatory regime. The new WOTUS
definition will become effective 60 days after the final rule is published in the Federal Register. The definition of WOTUS is central
to the pending U.S. Supreme Court decision in Sackett v. EPA, S.Ct. No. 21-454. The question presented in Sackett v. EPA is whether the
proper test for determining if wetlands fall within the definition of WOTUS was expressed by the plurality in Rapanos v. United States,
547 U.S. 715 (2006). Oral arguments in Sackett v. EPA were held before the U.S. Supreme Court on October 3, 2022. The Fund s operators
are responsible for compliance with the Clean Water Act, although the Fund may be liable for any failure of the operator to do so. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

Clean Air Act. 
The Federal Clean Air Act of 1970, as amended (the Clean Air Act ), as well as analogous state requirements, restricts the
emission of certain air pollutants. Prior to constructing new facilities, permits may be required before work can commence and existing
facilities may be required to incur additional capital costs to add equipment to ensure and maintain compliance. OCSLA provides the Secretary
of the Interior, through BOEM, with the statutory authority to regulate air quality over the Central and Western Gulf of Mexico. On June
5, 2020, BOEM published the Offshore Air Quality Rule, which revised the air quality regulations applicable to activities that BOEM authorizes
on the OCS in the Western Gulf of Mexico. The Offshore Air Quality Rule, effective on July 6, 2020, brings the air quality standards that
lessees and operators must meet in order to operate in the Western Gulf of Mexico into compliance with the current National Ambient Air
Quality Standards and benchmarks set forth by the EPA under the Clean Air Act. As a result, the Fund s operations may be required
to incur additional costs to comply with the Clean Air Act and comparable state requirements. 

International Marine
Organization 2020. In 2016, the International Marine Organization IMO ), a United Nations UN Agency,
instituted a reduction in the sulfur specifications for global marine fuels from 3.5 to 0.5 effective January 1, 2020 in order to reduce
the emissions of sulfur to the atmosphere. Shipping companies have the option to buy low sulfur fuel or install scrubbers to lower sulfur
emissions to comply with the new regulation. UN member states (174 countries) are responsible for monitoring the compliance of the shipping
community with this new regulation. The impact to the Fund from this 2020 regulation could be that heavier sour crudes, such as from the
Beta Project, could fall in value relative to lighter sweet crudes as a result of excess high sulfur fuel on the market and subsequent
refinery crude slate changes. However, the price of heavier sour crudes in the market continues to be supported by tightness in supply
for such crude, new refinery capacity consuming medium/high sulfur crudes and refinery optimization around high sulfur products. As such,
the Fund believes IMO 2020 will not in the future have a material impact on the Fund s operations or financial condition. 

Climate Change .
The oil and gas industry is subject to federal and state greenhouse gas monitoring, reporting and emissions control requirements. The
current state of international climate initiatives and federal and state actions, as well as litigation developments including matters
before the U.S. Supreme Court in the 2021-2022 term, presents challenges to assessing the impact to the Fund s operations in relation
to future international agreements, federal and state legislation, and other new requirements. Future restrictions on emissions of greenhouse
gases could have an impact on future operations. 

Other Environmental
Laws . In addition to the above, the Fund s operations may be subject to the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act
of 1976 , as amended, which regulates the generation, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal and cleanup of certain
hazardous wastes, as well as the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 , as amended ,
which imposes joint and several liability without regard to fault or legality of conduct on classes of persons who are considered responsible
for the release of a hazardous substance into the environment. Additionally, certain of the Fund s operations (or actions relating
to same) may be subject to the National Environmental Policy Act NEPA ), which requires in general that federal
agencies assess the environmental effects of proposed federal actions, typically in the context of projects requiring a federal permit
or authorization. Development of oil and gas pipelines are among the types of activities that could trigger NEPA and require such review.
On July 16, 2020, the Council on Environmental Quality CEQ published a final rule to amend NEPA regulations to, among
other things, clarify when NEPA applies, amend the definition of effect in the agency review, streamline the NEPA review,
and provide additional flexibility for public involvement. Subsequently, in 2021, the CEQ withdrew the 2020 rule and is now engaged in
a comprehensive review of the 2020 rule. The CEQ issued an Interim Final Rule on June 29, 2021, which extended the deadline by two years
(to September 14, 2023) for federal agencies to develop or update their NEPA implementing procedures to conform to the CEQ regulations.
As part of the CEQ s two-phased approach to its review of the 2020 rule, on April 20, 2022, the CEQ published its final rule in
the Federal Register for the Phase I rulemaking to amend a certain provision of the NEPA regulations, which, restored provisions that
were in effect before the 2020 modification of the rule. This Phase I rule became effective on May 20, 2022. The Fund s operations
may be subject to analogous and comparable state laws and regulations, in addition to these federal statutes and regulations. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

The above represents a brief outline of significant
environmental laws that may apply to the Fund s operations. The Fund believes that its operators are in compliance with the relevant
requirements of each of these environmental laws and the regulations promulgated thereunder. The Fund does not believe that its environmental,
health and safety risks are materially different from those of comparable companies in the United States in the offshore oil and gas industry.
However, there are no assurances that the environmental laws described above (including litigation developments relating to same) will
not result in curtailment of production; material increases in the costs of production, development or exploration; enforcement actions
or other penalties as a result of any non-compliance with any such regulations; or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Fund s
operating results and cash flows. 

Dodd-Frank Act. The
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), among other provisions, establishes federal
oversight and regulation of the over-the-counter derivatives market and entities that participate in that market and, in addition, requires
certain additional SEC reporting requirements. 

Under the Fund s LLC Agreement, the Fund
has the authority to utilize derivative instruments to manage the price risk attributable to its oil and gas production. The Dodd-Frank
Act mandates that many derivatives be executed in regulated markets and submitted for clearing to regulated clearinghouses. The Fund is
not currently, and has not been during 2022, or at any time since 2012, a party to any derivative instruments or hedging programs. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Not required. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

The information regarding the Fund s Beta
Project that is contained in Item 1. Business of this Annual Report under the headings Project Information 
and Properties, is incorporated herein by reference. 

Drilling Activity 

 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Fund had no drilling activity for exploratory and developmental wells. 

Unaudited Oil and Gas Reserve Quantities 

 The preparation of the Fund s oil and gas
reserve estimates are completed in accordance with the Fund s internal control procedures over reserve estimation. Such control
procedures include: 1) verification of input data that is provided to an independent petroleum engineering firm; 2) engagement of well-qualified
and independent reservoir engineers for preparation of reserve reports annually in accordance with SEC reserve estimation guidelines;
and 3) a review of the reserve estimates by a third-party independent petroleum engineering firm. 

The Manager s primary technical person in
charge of overseeing the Fund s reserve estimates has a B.S. degree in Petroleum Engineering, a Master of Business Administration,
and is a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers, the Association of American Drilling Engineers and the American Petroleum Institute.
With thirty-five years of industry experience, he is currently responsible 
for reserve reporting, engineering and economic evaluation of exploration and development opportunities, and the oversight of drilling
and production operations. 

The Fund s reserve estimates as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 were prepared by Netherland, Sewell Associates, Inc. NSAI ), an independent petroleum engineering
firm. The information regarding the qualifications of the petroleum engineer is included within the report from NSAI, which is filed as
Exhibit 99.1 to this Annual Report, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Proved Reserves. Proved oil and gas reserves
are estimated quantities of oil and natural gas, which geological and engineering data demonstrate with reasonable certainty to be recoverable
in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions. Proved developed oil and gas reserves are
proved reserves expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods. Proved undeveloped oil
and gas reserves are proved reserves expected
to be recovered through new wells on undrilled acreage, or through existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for
recompletion. The information regarding the Fund s proved reserves, which is contained in Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report under the heading Critical Accounting
Estimates Proved Reserves , is incorporated herein by reference. The information regarding the Fund s unaudited
net quantities of proved developed and undeveloped reserves, which is contained in Table III in the Supplementary Financial Information
 Information about Oil and Gas Producing Activities Unaudited included in Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data of this Annual Report, is incorporated herein by reference. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

Proved Undeveloped Reserves. As of
December 31, 2022, the Fund had proved undeveloped reserves related to the Beta Project totaling 0.1 million barrels of oil, 4 thousand
barrels of natural gas liquid NGL and 23 thousand mcf of natural gas. As of December 31, 2021, the Fund had proved undeveloped
reserves related to the Beta Project totaling 0.1 million barrels of oil, 5 thousand barrels of NGL and 26 thousand mcf of natural gas.
The Beta Project was determined to be a discovery in 2012 and commenced production in 2016. 

The proved undeveloped reserves relating to the
Beta Project, which were initially assigned at the end of the year 2021, are associated with planned well recompletions. During the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Fund incurred costs to advance the development of its proved undeveloped reserves of 0.5 million, related
to the Beta Project. As a result, proved undeveloped reserves of 41 thousand barrels of oil, 3 thousand barrels of NGL and 17 thousand
mcf of natural gas were converted to proved developed producing reserves during 2022. The Fund expects additional recompletion operations
to be completed in 2027 and 2028 related to the Beta Project. 

Information regarding estimated future development
costs relating to the Beta Project, which is contained in Item 1. Business of this Annual Report under the heading Properties, 
is incorporated herein by reference. Estimated future development costs include capital spending on planned well recompletions. 

Production and Prices 

 The information regarding the Fund s production
of oil and natural gas, and certain price and cost information during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 that is contained in
Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report
under the headings Results of Operations Overview and Results of Operations Operating Expenses 
is incorporated herein by reference. 

Delivery Commitments 

 As of December 31, 2022, the Fund had no delivery
obligations or delivery commitments under any existing contracts. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

There is currently no established public trading
market for the Shares. As of January 31, 2023, there were 1,432 shareholders of record of the Fund. 

Distributions are made in accordance with the
provisions of the LLC Agreement. At various times throughout the year, the Manager determines whether there is sufficient available cash,
as defined in the LLC Agreement, for distribution to shareholders. Distributions may be impacted by amounts of future capital required
for the costs associated with the well recompletions for the Beta Project, as budgeted, as well as the funding of estimated asset retirement
obligations. Distributions may also be impacted by fluctuations in oil and natural gas commodity prices. There is no requirement to distribute
available cash and, as such, available cash is distributed to the extent and at such times as the Manager believes is advisable. During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Fund paid distributions totaling 5.9 million and 1.0 million, respectively. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Overview of the Fund s Business 

 The Fund was organized primarily to acquire interests
in oil and natural gas properties located in the United States offshore waters of Texas, Louisiana and Alabama in the Gulf of Mexico.
The Fund s primary investment objective is to generate cash flow for distribution to its shareholders by generating returns across
a portfolio of oil and natural gas projects. Distributions to shareholders, if any, are funded from available cash from operations, as
defined in the Fund s LLC Agreement, and the frequency and amount are within the Manager s discretion. The Fund s capital
has been fully invested and as a result, the Fund will not invest in any new projects and will limit its investment activities, if any,
to those projects in which it currently has a working interest. 

The Manager performs, or arranges for the performance
of, the management, advisory and administrative services required for the Fund s operations. The Manager does not currently, nor
is there any plan to, operate any project in which the Fund participates. The Manager enters into operating agreements with third-party
operators for the management of all development and producing operations, as appropriate. The Manager also participates in distributions.
See Item 1. Business of this Annual Report under the headings Project Information and Properties 
for more information regarding the Fund s Beta Project. 

Market Conditions 

 The oil and gas market, and the global economy
in general, is subject to sources of uncertainty relating to: (i) further escalation in the Russia-Ukraine conflict, which could result
in a major oil supply disruption; (ii) prolonged high inflationary environment, which could result in a deep global recession; and (iii)
the refilling of strategic petroleum reserves by the U.S. and other nations, which could add to crude demand and potentially push oil
prices higher. While the current outlook for oil and natural gas commodity prices is favorable, different outcomes of these issues would
have different impacts on global economic growth and the performance of financial markets going into 2023 and the Fund, its operators
and other working interest partners financial performance results may be materially adversely affected, which could affect the
Fund s liquidity and expected operating results. However, because the Fund owns the Beta Project with no debt and the project is
a long-lived asset that is expected to produce over many years with relatively low operating costs, the Fund believes that it is positioned
to weather this period of uncertainty and volatility in the global oil and gas market. 

Commodity Price Changes 

 Changes in oil and natural
gas commodity prices may significantly affect liquidity and expected operating results. Significant declines in oil and natural gas commodity
prices not only reduce revenues and profits, but could also reduce the quantities of reserves that are commercially recoverable and result
in non-cash charges to earnings due to impairment and higher depletion rates. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

Oil and natural gas commodity prices have been
subject to significant volatility most recently due to the issues impacting market conditions described above. Although volatile, the
overall trend for the crude oil market has been favorable during the year ended December 31, 2022, which positively impacted cash flow
generated by the Beta Project. The Fund anticipates price cyclicality in its planning and believes it is well positioned to withstand
price volatility. The Fund will continue to closely manage and coordinate its capital spending estimates within its expected cash flows
to provide for the costs associated with the well recompletions for the Beta Project, as budgeted. See Results of Operations 
under this Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for more
information on the average oil and natural gas prices received by the Fund during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the effect
of such average prices on the Fund s results of operations. 

Market pricing for oil and natural gas is volatile,
and is likely to continue to be volatile in the future. This volatility is caused by numerous factors and market conditions that the Fund
cannot control or influence. Therefore, it is impossible to predict the future price of oil and natural gas with any certainty. Factors
affecting market pricing for oil and natural gas include: 

worldwide economic, political and social conditions impacting the global supply and demand for oil and
natural gas, which may be driven by various risks, including war (such as the invasion of Ukraine by Russia), terrorism, political unrest,
or health epidemics; 

weather conditions; 

economic conditions, including the impact of continued inflation and associated changes in monetary policy
and demand for petroleum-based products; 

actions by OPEC, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries; 

political instability in the Middle East and other major oil and gas producing regions; 

governmental regulations (inclusive of impacts of climate change), both domestic and foreign; 

domestic and foreign tax policy; 

the pace adopted by foreign governments for the exploration, development, and production of their national
reserves; 

the supply and price of foreign oil and gas; 

the cost of exploring for, producing and delivering oil and gas; 

the discovery rate of new oil and gas reserves; 

the rate of decline of existing and new oil and gas reserves; 

available pipeline and other oil and gas transportation capacity; 

the ability of oil and gas companies to raise capital; 

the overall supply and demand for oil and gas; and 

the price and availability of alternate fuel sources. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

 The discussion and analysis
of the Fund s financial condition and results of operations are based upon the Fund s financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). In preparing
these financial statements, the Fund is required to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions. These estimates, judgments and
assumptions affect the reported amounts of the Fund s assets and liabilities, including the disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities, at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of its revenues and expenses during the periods presented. 
The Fund evaluates these estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. The Fund bases its estimates and assumptions on historical experience
and on various other factors that the Fund believes to be reasonable at the time the estimates and assumptions are made. However, future
events and actual results may differ from these estimates and assumptions and such differences may have a material impact on the results
of operations, financial position or cash flows. See Note 1 of Notes to Financial Statements Organization
and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data within
this Annual Report for a discussion of the Fund s significant accounting policies. The following is
a discussion of the accounting policies and estimates the Fund believes have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on
the Fund s financial position or results of operations. 

Proved Reserves 

 Estimates of proved reserves are key components
of the Fund s most significant financial estimates involving its rate for recording depletion and amortization and estimated future
cash flows of oil and gas properties used to test for impairment. Annually, the Fund engages an independent petroleum engineering firm
to perform a comprehensive study of the Fund s proved properties to determine the quantities of reserves and the period over which
such reserves will be recoverable. The Fund s estimates of proved reserves are based on the quantities of oil and natural gas that
geological and engineering data demonstrate, with reasonable certainty, to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under
existing economic and operating conditions. However, there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved reserves
and in projecting future revenues and net cash flows, rates of production and timing of development expenditures, including many factors
beyond the Fund s control. The estimation process is very complex and relies on assumptions and subjective interpretations of available
geologic, geophysical, engineering and production data and the accuracy of reserves estimates is a function of the quality and quantity
of available data, engineering and geological interpretation and judgment. In addition, as a result of volatility and changing market
conditions, oil and natural gas commodity prices and future development costs will change from period to period, causing estimates of
proved reserves and future net revenues and net cash flows to change. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

Asset Retirement Obligations 

 Asset retirement obligations
include costs to plug and abandon the Fund s wells and to dismantle and relocate or dispose of the Fund s production platforms
and related structures and restoration costs of land and seabed. The Fund develops estimates of these costs based upon the type of production
structure, water depth, reservoir depth and characteristics and ongoing discussions with the wells operators. Because these costs
typically extend many years into the future, estimating these future costs is difficult and requires significant judgment that is subject
to future revisions based upon numerous factors such as the timing of settlements, the credit-adjusted risk-free rates used and inflation
rates, including changing technology and the political and regulatory environment. Estimates are reviewed annually, or more frequently
if an event occurs that would dictate a change in assumptions or estimates. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

 The Fund reviews the carrying value of its oil
and gas properties for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate that the recorded carrying value of its oil and gas properties
may not be recoverable. Recoverability is evaluated by comparing estimated future net undiscounted cash flows to the carrying value of
the oil and gas properties at the time of the review. If the carrying value exceeds the estimated future net undiscounted cash flows,
the carrying value of the oil and gas properties is impaired, and written down to fair value. Fair value is determined using valuation
techniques that include both market and income approaches and use Level 3 inputs. The fair value determinations require considerable judgment
and are sensitive to change. Different pricing assumptions, estimates of oil and natural gas reserves and future development costs or
discount rates could result in a significant impact on the amount of impairment. 

Results of Operations 

The following table summarizes the Fund s
results of operations during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and should be read in conjunction with the Fund s financial
statements and the notes thereto included within Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report. 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in thousands) 
 
 Revenue 

Oil and gas revenue 
 7,508 
 4,364 
 
 Other revenue 
 421 
 500 
 
 Total revenue 
 7,929 
 4,864 
 
 Expenses 

Depletion and amortization 
 2,804 
 3,063 
 
 Operating expenses 
 746 
 541 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 234 
 229 
 
 Total expenses 
 3,784 
 3,833 
 
 Income from operations 
 4,145 
 1,031 
 
 Interest income (expense) 
 8 
 (76 
 
 Net income 
 4,153 
 955 

14 

 Table of Contents 

Overview. The following table provides
information related to the Fund s oil and gas production and oil and gas revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.
NGL sales are included within gas sales. 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Number of wells producing 
 7 
 7 
 
 Total number of production days 
 2,463 
 2,232 
 
 Oil sales (in thousands of barrels) 
 75 
 61 
 
 Average oil price per barrel 
 91 
 66 
 
 Gas sales (in thousands of mcfs) 
 101 
 75 
 
 Average gas price per mcf 
 6.68 
 4.56 

The production related increases noted in the
table above were attributable to the Beta Project, which experienced significant periods of shut-ins during 2021 compared to 2022 due
to well recompletion during May 2021 to September 2021 and storm-related safety shut-in during third quarter 2021. In addition, the Beta
Project experienced increases in production rates during 2022 compared to 2021 from two of the project s wells, which were recompleted
and have been producing from new reservoir sands. 

See Item 1. Business of this Annual
Report under the heading Properties for more information. 

Oil and Gas Revenue . Oil and gas
revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 7.5 million, an increase of 3.1 million from the year ended December 31, 2021. The
increase was attributable to increased oil and gas prices totaling 2.1 million coupled with increased sales volume totaling 1.1 million. 

See Overview above for factors that
impact the oil and gas revenue volume and rate variances. 

Other Revenue. Other revenue is
generated from the Fund s production handling, gathering and operating services agreement with affiliated entities and other third
parties. See Note 2 of Notes to Financial Statements Related Parties contained in Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data within this Annual Report for more information. 

Depletion and Amortization. Depletion
and amortization during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2.8 million, a decrease of 0.3 million from the year ended December 31,
2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in the average depletion rate totaling 1.1 million, partially offset by an
increase in production volumes totaling 0.8 million. The decrease in the average depletion rate was primarily attributable to the changes
in reserves estimates provided annually by the Fund s independent petroleum engineers. 

See Overview above for certain
factors that impact the depletion and amortization volume and rate variances. 

Operating Expenses . Operating expenses
represent costs specifically identifiable or allocable to the Fund s wells, as detailed in the following table. 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in thousands) 
 
 Lease operating expense 
 378 
 237 
 
 Transportation and processing expense 
 234 
 180 
 
 Insurance expense 
 77 
 93 
 
 Accretion expense 
 37 
 37 
 
 Workover expense and other 
 20 
 (6 

746 
 541 

Lease operating expense and transportation and
processing expense relate to the Fund s producing projects. Insurance expense represents premiums related to the Fund s projects,
which vary depending upon the number of wells producing or drilling. Accretion expense relates to the asset retirement obligations established
for the Fund s oil and gas properties. Workover expense represents costs to restore or stimulate production of existing reserves. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

Production costs, which include lease operating
expense, transportation and processing expense and insurance expense, were 0.7 million 7.52 per barrel of oil equivalent or BOE during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.5 million 6.97 per BOE) during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase
in production costs during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to
the increased oil and gas production from two of the Beta Project s wells, which were recompleted and have been producing from new
reservoir sands. Production costs per BOE were relatively consistent during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

See Overview above for factors that
impact oil and natural gas production. 

General and Administrative Expenses .
General and administrative expenses represent costs specifically identifiable or allocable to the Fund, such as accounting and professional
fees and insurance expenses. Management reimbursement costs related to services provided by the Manager for accounting and investor relations
are also included within general and administrative expenses. 

Interest Income (Expense). During
the year ended December 31, 2022, interest income (expense) was comprised of interest income earned on cash and cash equivalents and salvage
fund. During the year ended December 31, 2021, interest income (expense) was comprised of interest expense and amortization of debt discounts
related to the Fund s long-term borrowings. The Fund fully repaid its loan related to the Beta Project as of December 31,
2021. 

Capital Resources and Liquidity 

Operating Cash Flows 

 Cash flows provided by operating activities during
the year ended December 31, 2022 were 7.0 million, primarily related to revenue received of 7.9 million, partially offset by operating
expenses of 0.7 million and general and administrative expenses of 0.2 million. 

Cash flows provided by operating activities during
the year ended December 31, 2021 were 3.7 million, related to revenue received of 4.8 million, partially offset by operating expenses
of 0.5 million, the settlement of asset retirement obligations of 0.3 million, general and administrative expenses of 0.2 million and
interest payments of 0.1 million. 

Investing Cash Flows 

 Cash flows used in investing activities during
the year ended December 31, 2022 were 0.8 million, primarily related to capital expenditures for oil and gas properties of 0.5 million
and investments in salvage fund of 0.3 million. 

Cash flows used in investing activities during
the year ended December 31, 2021 were 0.7 million, related to capital expenditures for oil and gas properties of 0.8 million and investments
in salvage fund of 0.3 million, partially offset by proceeds from the salvage fund of 0.3 million. 

Financing Cash Flows 

 Cash flows used in financing activities during
the year ended December 31, 2022 were 5.9 million, related to manager and shareholder distributions. 

Cash flows used in financing activities during
the year ended December 31, 2021 were 2.4 million, related to the repayments of long-term borrowings of 1.4 million and manager and
shareholder distributions of 1.0 million. 

Capital Expenditures 

The Fund has entered into multiple agreements
for the acquisition, drilling and development of its oil and gas properties. The estimated capital expenditures associated with these
agreements vary depending on the stage of development on a property-by-property basis. 

Capital expenditures for oil and gas properties
have been funded with the capital raised by the Fund in its private placement offering and through debt financing. The Fund s capital
has been fully invested and as a result, the Fund will not invest in any new projects and will limit its investment activities, if any,
to those projects in which it currently has a working interest. Such investment activities, which include estimated capital spending on
planned well recompletions for the Beta Project, are expected to be funded from cash flows from operations and existing cash-on-hand and
not from equity, debt or off-balance sheet financing arrangements. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

See Item 1. Business of this Annual
Report under the heading Properties and Liquidity Needs below for additional information. 

Liquidity Needs 

The Fund s primary short-term and long-term
liquidity needs are to fund its operations and capital expenditures for its oil and gas properties. Such needs are funded utilizing operating
income and existing cash on-hand. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Fund s estimated
capital commitments related to its oil and gas properties were 3.1 million (which include asset retirement obligations for the Fund s
projects of 1.6 million), of which 40 thousand is expected to be spent during the year ending December 31, 2023. Future results of operations
and cash flows are dependent on the revenues from production and sale of oil and gas from the Beta Project. In addition, cash flow from
operations may be impacted by fluctuations in oil and natural gas commodity prices. Based upon its current cash position, salvage fund
and its current reserves estimates, the Fund expects cash flow from operations to be sufficient to cover its commitments and ongoing operations.
Reserves estimates are projections based on engineering data that cannot be measured with precision, require substantial judgment, and
are subject to frequent revision. 

Distributions, if any, are funded from available
cash from operations, as defined in the LLC Agreement, and the frequency and amount are within the Manager s discretion. However,
distributions may be impacted by amounts of future capital required for the costs associated with the well recompletions for the Beta
Project, as budgeted, as well as the funding of estimated asset retirement obligations. Distributions may also be impacted by fluctuations
in oil and natural gas commodity prices. 

Overriding Royalty Interest 

 Effective January 1, 2023, the fixed percentage
overriding royalty interest of 6.25 in the Fund s net revenue interest in the Beta Project s oil and natural gas production
becomes payable to the Fund s former lender, which was conveyed pursuant to the Fund s credit agreement applicable to the
project. 

Contractual Obligations 

The Fund enters into participation and joint operating
agreements with operators. On behalf of the Fund, an operator enters into various contractual commitments pertaining to exploration, development
and production activities. The Fund does not negotiate such contracts. No contractual obligations exist as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
other than those discussed in Capital Expenditures above. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 1 of Notes to Financial Statements 
 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data within this Annual Report for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements applicable to the Fund s
financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK 

Not required. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

All financial statements meeting the requirements
of Regulation S-X and the supplementary financial information required by Item 302(b) of Regulation S-K are included in the financial
statements listed in Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules and filed as part of this report. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

 Under the supervision and with the participation
of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Fund, management of the Fund and the Manager carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Fund s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act as of December 31, 2022. Based upon the
evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Fund s disclosure controls and procedures
are effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 

Management's Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

 Management of the Fund is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)). The
Fund s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to
future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management of the Fund, including its Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of the Fund s internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022. In making this assessment, management of the Fund used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (the COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on
their assessment using those criteria, management of the Fund concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Fund s internal control
over financial reporting is effective. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of the Fund s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report
was not subject to attestation by the Fund s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission that permit the Fund, as a non-accelerated filer, to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer of the Fund have concluded that there have not been any changes in the Fund s internal control over financial reporting
during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Fund s
internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE
REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The Fund has engaged Ridgewood Energy as the Manager.
The Manager has very broad authority, including the authority to appoint the executive officers of the Fund. Executive officers of the
Fund and their ages as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Name, Age and Position with Registrant 

Robert E. Swanson, 75 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Kenneth W. Lang, 68 
 President 

Kathleen P. McSherry, 57 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary 

Daniel V. Gulino, 62 
 Senior Vice President - Legal and Secretary 

The officers in the above table have been officers
of the Fund since August 16, 2005, the date of inception of the Fund, with the exception of Mr. Lang, who has been an officer of the Fund
since June 2009. The officers are employed by and paid exclusively by the Manager. Set forth below is certain biographical information
regarding the executive officers of Ridgewood Energy and the Fund: 

Robert E. Swanson has served as the Chief
Executive Officer and controlling shareholder of Ridgewood Energy since its inception and is the Chairman of the Investment Committee.
Mr. Swanson is also the Chairman of the Investment Committee of Ridgewood Private Equity Partners, LLC ,
an affiliate of Ridgewood Energy. Mr. Swanson is an inactive member of the New York and New Jersey State Bars. He is a graduate of Amherst
College and Fordham University Law School. 

Kenneth W. Lang has served as the President
of Ridgewood Energy since June 2009 and is a member of the Investment Committee. Prior to joining the Fund, Mr. Lang was with BP for twenty-four
years, ultimately serving for his last two years with BP as Senior Vice President for BP s Gulf of Mexico business and a member
of the Board of Directors for BP America, Inc. Prior to that, Mr. Lang was Vice President Production for BP. After twenty-four
years of service to BP, Mr. Lang retired and devoted fifteen months of personal time to pursue and explore other interests. Mr. Lang is
a graduate of the University of Houston. 

Kathleen P. McSherry has served as the
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary of Ridgewood Energy since 2001. Ms. McSherry holds a Bachelor
of Science degree in Accounting from Kean University. 

Daniel V. Gulino is Senior Vice President
- Legal and Secretary for Ridgewood Energy and has served in that capacity for Ridgewood Energy since 2003. Mr. Gulino is a member of
the New Jersey State and Pennsylvania State Bars. Mr. Gulino is a graduate of Fairleigh Dickinson University and Rutgers School
of Law. 

Board of Directors and Board Committees 

 The Fund does not have its own board of directors
or any board committees. The Fund relies upon the Manager to provide recommendations regarding dispositions and financial disclosure. 
Officers of the Fund are not compensated by the Fund, and all compensation matters are addressed by the Manager, as described in Item
11. Executive Compensation of this Annual Report. Because the Fund does not maintain a board of directors and because
officers of the Fund are compensated by the Manager, the Manager believes that it is appropriate for the Fund to not have a nominating
or compensation committee. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

Code of Ethics 

 The Manager has adopted a code of ethics for all
employees, including the Manager s principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer. If any amendments
are made to the code of ethics or the Manager grants any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the code that applies
to the Manager s executive officers or principal financial and accounting officer, the Fund will disclose the nature of such amendment
or waiver on the Manager s website. Copies of the code of ethics are available, without charge, on the Manager s website at
www.ridgewoodenergy.com and in print upon written request to the business address of the Manager at 14 Philips Parkway, Montvale, New
Jersey 07645, ATTN: Legal Department. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The executive officers of the Fund do not receive
compensation from the Fund. The Manager and its affiliates compensate the officers without additional payments by the Fund. See Item 13.
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence of this Annual Report for more information regarding
Manager compensation and payments to affiliated entities. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. Percentage of beneficial ownership is
based on 830.5577 shares outstanding as of January 31, 2023. The following table sets forth information with respect to beneficial ownership
of the Shares as of January 31, 2023 (no person owns more than 5 of the Shares). Except as indicated by footnote, and subject to applicable
community property laws, the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all Shares shown as
beneficially owned by them. Other than as indicated below, no officer of the Manager or the Fund owns any of the Shares. 

Name of beneficial owner 
 Number of shares 
 Percent 
 
 Robert E. Swanson, Chief Executive Officer 
 2.0 

Executive officers as a group 
 2.0 

Represents less than one percent. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Pursuant to the terms of the LLC Agreement, the
Manager is entitled to an annual management fee, equal to 2.5 of total shareholder contributions. During 2009, the Manager elected to
waive its management fee for the remaining life of the Fund. Upon the waiver of the management fee, the Fund began recording costs related
to services provided by the Manager for accounting and investor relations. Such costs, totaling 80 thousand for each of the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, are included within general and administrative expenses. 

The Manager is also entitled to receive 15 of
the cash distributions from operations made by the Fund. Distributions paid to the Manager during the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 were 0.9 million and 0.2 million, respectively. 

Beta S T, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Manager, acts as an aggregator to and as an accommodation for the Fund and other funds managed by the Manager to facilitate the transportation
and sale of oil and natural gas produced from the Beta Project. In 2016, the Fund entered into a master agreement with Beta S T pursuant
to which Beta S T is obligated to purchase from the Fund all of its interests in oil and natural gas produced from the Beta Project
and sell such volumes to unrelated third-party purchasers. Pursuant to the master agreement, Beta S T is a pass-through entity such
that it receives no benefit or compensation for the services provided under the master agreement or under any other agreements it enters
into with regard to the oil and natural gas purchased from the Fund. The Fund and other funds managed by the Manager have agreed to indemnify,
defend and hold harmless Beta S T from and against all claims, liabilities, losses, causes of action, costs and expenses asserted
against it as a result of or arising from any act or omission, breach and claims for losses or damages arising out of its dealing with
third parties with respect to the transportation, processing or sale of oil and natural gas from the Beta Project. The revenues and expenses
from the sale of oil and natural gas to third party purchasers are recorded as oil and gas revenue and operating expenses in the Fund s
statements of operations and are allocable to the Fund based on the Fund s working interest ownership in the Beta Project. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

The Fund and other third-party working interest
owners in the Beta Project (collectively, the Beta Project Owners are parties to a production handling, gathering and operating
services agreement PHA with Ridgewood Claiborne, LLC, a wholly-owned entity of Ridgewood Energy Oil Gas Fund II,
L.P. Institutional Fund II and other third-party working interest owners in the Claiborne Project (collectively, the Producers ),
whereby the Beta Project Owners will provide services related to the production handling and delivery of oil and natural gas production
from the Claiborne Project via their owned Beta Project production facility. The PHA was effective on December 12, 2016 and will continue
in effect unless terminated by default, by the Beta Project Owners or the Producers pursuant to the terms of the PHA (as amended on February
10, 2017, March 9, 2017, September 19, 2018, November 30, 2018 and December 1, 2018). On September 23, 2020, a third-party working interest
owner of the Claiborne Project executed a consent letter to assign the rights to the services under the PHA to Ridgewood Rattlesnake,
LLC, a wholly-owned entity of Ridgewood Energy Oil Gas Fund III, L.P. Institutional Fund III ). On May 12, 2022, a
third-party working interest owner executed an assignment and bill of sale agreement to assign the rights to the services under the PHA
to Ridgewood Institutional IV Prospective Leases, LLC, a wholly-owned entity of Ridgewood Energy Oil Gas Fund IV, L.P. Institutional
Fund IV ). Institutional Fund II, Institutional Fund III and Institutional Fund IV are entities that are managed by the Fund s
Manager. Under the terms of the PHA, the Producers have agreed to pay the Beta Project Owners a fixed production handling fee for each
barrel of oil and mcf of natural gas produced through the Beta Project production facility. See Note 2 of Notes to Financial Statements 
 Related Parties contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data within this Annual
Report for more information regarding the PHA. 

At times, short-term payables and receivables,
which do not bear interest, arise from transactions with affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 

The Fund has working interest ownership in certain
oil and natural gas projects, which are also owned by other entities that are likewise managed by the Manager. 

Profits and losses are allocated in accordance
with the LLC Agreement. In general, profits and losses in any year are allocated 85 to shareholders and 15 to the Manager. The primary
exception to this treatment is that all items of expense, loss, deduction and credit attributable to the expenditure of shareholders 
capital contributions are allocated 99 to shareholders and 1 to the Manager. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES
AND SERVICES 

The following table presents fees for services
rendered by Deloitte Touche LLP during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in thousands) 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 82 
 85 

(1) 
 Fees for audit of annual financial statements, reviews of the related quarterly financial statements, and reviews of documents filed with the SEC. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES 

(a) (1) Financial Statements 

See Index to Financial Statements 
set forth on page F-1. 

(a) (2) Financial Statement
Schedules 

None. 

(a) (3) 

EXHIBIT 

 NUMBER 
 
 TITLE OF EXHIBIT 
 
 METHOD OF FILING 

3.1 
 Certificate of Formation of Ridgewood Energy Q Fund, LLC dated August 16, 2005 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Fund's Form 10 filed on April 21, 2006 

3.2 
 
 Limited
Liability Company Agreement between Ridgewood Energy Corporation and Investors of Ridgewood Energy Q Fund, LLC dated September 6, 2005 

Incorporated by reference to the Fund's Form
10 filed on April 21, 2006 

4 
 Description
 of Shares 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Fund s
 Form 10-K filed on March 3, 2020 

31.1 
 Certification of Robert E. Swanson, Chief Executive Officer of the Fund, pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 
 
 Filed herewith 

31.2 
 Certification of Kathleen P. McSherry, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary of the Fund, pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 
 
 Filed herewith 

32 
 Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, signed by Robert E. Swanson, Chief Executive Officer of the Fund and Kathleen P. McSherry, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary of the Fund 
 
 Filed herewith 

99.1 
 Report of Netherland, Sewell Associates, Inc. 
 
 Filed herewith 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

Filed herewith 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 Filed herewith 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 Filed herewith 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition
Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 Filed herewith 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation
Linkbase 

Filed herewith 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as
 Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Filed herewith 

22 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

RIDGEWOOD ENERGY Q FUND, LLC 

Date: February 27, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ ROBERT E. SWANSON 

Robert E. Swanson 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 Capacity 
 Date 

/s/ ROBERT E. SWANSON 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 Robert E. Swanson 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ KATHLEEN P. MCSHERRY 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 Kathleen P. McSherry 
 
 and Assistant Secretary 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

RIDGEWOOD ENERGY CORPORATION 

BY: /s/ ROBERT E. SWANSON 
 Chief Executive Officer of the Manager 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 Robert E. Swanson 

23 

 Table of Contents 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 PAGE 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Statements of Changes in Members' Capital for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-9 
 
 Supplementary Financial Information - Information about Oil and Gas Producing Activities - Unaudited 
 F-16 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Manager of Ridgewood
Energy Q Fund, LLC 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Ridgewood Energy Q Fund, LLC (the Fund as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes
in members' capital, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Fund as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of
the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Fund's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Fund's financial statements based on our audits. We are a
public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent
with respect to the Fund in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Fund is not required to have, nor were we engaged to
perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Fund's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Oil and Gas Properties, Depletion and Amortization
and Impairment of Long-Lived Assets - Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As described in Note 1 to the financial statements,
oil and gas properties are accounted for using the successful efforts method. Depletion and amortization of the cost of proved oil and
gas properties are calculated using the units-of-production method. Proved developed reserves are used as the base for depleting capitalized
costs associated with successful exploratory well costs, development costs and related facilities, other than offshore platforms. The
sum of proved developed and proved undeveloped reserves is used as the base for depleting or amortizing leasehold acquisition costs and
costs to construct offshore platforms and associated asset retirement costs. Also, the Fund reviews the carrying value of its oil and
gas properties for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate that the recorded carrying value of its oil and gas properties
may not be recoverable. Recoverability is evaluated by comparing estimated future net undiscounted cash flows to the carrying value of
the oil and gas properties at the time of the review. If the carrying value exceeds the estimated future net undiscounted cash flows,
the carrying value of the oil and gas properties is impaired, and written down to fair value. 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

Estimates of proved reserves are key components
of the Fund s most significant estimates involving its rate for recording depletion and amortization and estimated future cash flows
of oil and gas properties used to test for impairment. Annually, the Fund engages an independent petroleum engineering firm to perform
a comprehensive study of the Fund s proved properties to determine the quantities of reserves and the period over which such reserves
will be recoverable. The Fund s estimates of proved reserves are based on the quantities of oil and natural gas that geological
and engineering data demonstrate, with reasonable certainty, to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic
and operating conditions. 

The Fund s oil and gas properties, net balance
was 5.1 million as of December 31, 2022 and depletion and amortization expense recognized was 2.8 million for the period ended December
31, 2022. No impairment was recognized during 2022. 

We identified the impact of the oil and natural
gas reserve quantities on the oil and gas properties and depletion and amortization financial statement line items and the evaluation
of impairment of long-lived assets as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by the Fund. The significant judgments
made by the Fund include the use of specialists to develop and evaluate the Fund s oil and natural gas reserve quantities, future
cash flows, reserve risk weightings, future development costs, and future oil and natural gas commodity prices. Auditing these significant
judgments required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed
in the Audit 

Our audit procedures related to the Fund s
estimates and assumptions related to oil and natural gas reserve quantities included the following, among others: 

We evaluated the reasonableness of the Fund s oil and natural gas reserve quantities by performing
the following procedures: 

o Comparing the Fund s oil and natural gas reserve quantities to historical production volumes. 

o Evaluating the reasonableness of the methodology used and the production volume decline curve. 

o Understanding the experience, qualifications and objectivity of management s expert, an independent
petroleum engineering firm. 

o Comparing forecasts of proved undeveloped oil and natural gas reserves to historical conversions of proved
undeveloped oil and natural gas reserves and communication from third-party well operators. 

We evaluated management s assessed reserve risk weighting associated with the development of proved,
probable and possible oil and natural gas reserve quantities by comparing the assessed risk to industry surveys. 

We evaluated the reasonableness of future development costs by comparing such costs to the approval for
expenditures, historical well cost data and communication from third-party well operators. 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

We evaluated, with the assistance of our fair value specialists, the reasonableness of future oil and
natural gas commodity prices by performing the following procedures: 

o Understanding the methodology utilized by management for development of the future oil and natural gas
commodity prices. 

o Comparing the future oil and natural gas commodity prices to an independently determined range of prices. 

o Comparing management s future oil and natural gas commodity prices to published forward pricing
indices and third-party industry sources. 

We evaluated the future oil and natural gas commodity prices by comparing future oil and natural gas commodity
price differentials to historical realized price differentials. 

/s/ 

February 27, 2023 

We have served as the Fund's auditor since 2006. 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

RIDGEWOOD ENERGY Q FUND, LLC 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

 (in thousands, except share data) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Salvage fund 

Production receivable 

Due from affiliate (Note 2) 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Salvage fund 

Oil and gas properties: 

Proved properties 

Less: accumulated depletion and amortization 

Total oil and gas properties, net 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Members' Capital 

Current liabilities: 

Due to operators 

Accrued expenses 

Asset retirement obligations 

Total current liabilities 

Asset retirement obligations 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 3) 

Members' capital: 

Manager: 

Distributions 

Retained earnings 

Manager's total 

Shareholders: 

Capital contributions shares authorized; 
 issued and
 outstanding) 

Syndication costs 

Distributions 

Accumulated deficit 

Shareholders' total 

Total members' capital 

Total liabilities and members' capital 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

RIDGEWOOD ENERGY Q FUND, LLC 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (in thousands, except per share data) 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Oil and gas revenue 

Other revenue 

Total revenue 

Expenses 

Depletion and amortization 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Total expenses 

Income from operations 

Interest income (expense) 

Net income 

Manager Interest 

Net income 

Shareholder Interest 

Net income 

Net income per share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 6 

 Table of Contents 

RIDGEWOOD ENERGY Q FUND, LLC 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN MEMBERS CAPITAL 

 (in thousands, except share data) 

# of Shares 
 Manager 
 Shareholders 
 Total 
 
 Balances, December 31, 2020 
 - 

Distributions 
 - - 

Net income 
 - - 

Balances, December 31, 2021 
 - 

Distributions 
 - - 

Net income 
 - - 

Balances, December 31, 2022 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 7 

 Table of Contents 

RIDGEWOOD ENERGY Q FUND, LLC 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (in thousands) 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash 
provided by operating activities: 

Depletion and amortization 

Accretion expense 

Amortization of debt discounts 
 - 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Increase in production receivable 

Decrease in due from affiliate 

Decrease in other current assets 

Increase in due to operators 

Increase in accrued expenses 

Settlement of asset retirement obligations 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Capital expenditures for oil and gas properties 

Proceeds from salvage fund 

Increase in salvage fund 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Repayments of long-term borrowings 
 - 

Distributions 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing activities 

Due to operators for accrued capital expenditures for oil and gas properties 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 8 

 Table of Contents 

RIDGEWOOD ENERGY Q FUND, LLC 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

thousand per insured financial institution. As of December 31, 2022, the Fund s
bank balances, including salvage fund, were maintained in uninsured bank accounts at Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 

- 
 
 Accrued accounting and legal fees 

Liabilities settled 

Accretion expense 

Revision of estimates 

Balance, end of year 

Other Revenue 

 Other revenue is generated from the Fund s
production handling, gathering and operating services agreement with affiliated entities and other third parties. The Fund earns a fee
for its services and recognizes these fees as revenue at the time its performance obligations are satisfied as the control of oil and
natural gas is never transferred to the Fund, thus there are no unsatisfied performance obligations. The Fund s project operator
performs joint interest billing once the performance obligations have been satisfied, at which point the payment is unconditional. Accordingly,
the Fund s production handling, gathering and operating services agreement with affiliated entities and other third parties does
not give rise to contract assets or liabilities. The receivables related to the Fund s proportionate share of revenue from affiliates
are included within Due from affiliate on the Fund s balance sheets. The receivables related to the Fund s proportionate
share of revenue from third parties are presented as a reduction from Due to operator on the Fund s balance sheets.
The receivables are settled by issuance of a non-cash credit from the Beta Project operator to the Fund when the operator performs the
joint interest billing of the lease operating expenses due from the Fund. However, if applying the joint interest billing credit results
in a net credit balance due to the Fund, the Beta Project operator remits such balance in cash to the Fund. 

Prior Period Performance Obligations 

 The Fund records oil and gas revenue in the month
production is delivered to its customers. However, settlement statements for residue gas and NGLs sales may not be received for 30 to
60 days after the date production is delivered. As a result, the Fund is required to estimate the amount of production delivered to the
purchaser and the price that will be received for the sale of the residue gas and NGLs. The Fund records the differences between its estimates
and the actual amounts received in the month that the payment is received from the customer. The Fund has an estimation process for revenue
and related accruals, and any identified difference between its revenue estimates and actual revenue historically have not been significant.
During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, revenue recognized from performance obligations satisfied in previous periods was not
significant. 

to shareholders and
 to the Manager. The primary exception to this treatment is that all items of expense, loss, deduction and credit attributable to the
expenditure of shareholders capital contributions are allocated 99 to shareholders and 1 to the Manager. 

to shareholders and to the Manager until the shareholders have received total distributions equal
to their capital contributions. After shareholders have received distributions equal to their capital contributions, of available
cash from dispositions will be distributed to shareholders and to the Manager. 

of total capital contributions, net of cumulative dry-hole well
costs incurred by the Fund and fully depleted project investments. During 2009, the Manager waived its management fee for the remaining
life of the Fund. Upon the waiver of the management fee, the Fund began recording costs, totaling thousand per quarter, representing
reimbursements to the Manager, related to services provided by the Manager for accounting and investor relations. Such costs, totaling
 thousand for each of the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, are included within general and administrative expenses. 

The Manager is also entitled to receive of
the cash distributions from operations made by the Fund. Distributions paid to the Manager during the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 were 0.9 million and 0.2 million, respectively. 

Beta Sales and Transport, LLC 

 The Fund utilizes Beta Sales and Transport, LLC Beta S T ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Manager, as an aggregator to and as an accommodation for the Fund and other
funds managed by the Manager to facilitate the transportation and sale of oil and natural gas produced from the Beta Project. In
2016, the Fund entered into a master agreement with Beta S T pursuant to which Beta S T is obligated to purchase from the Fund
all of its interests in oil and natural gas produced from the Beta Project and sell such volumes to unrelated third-party purchasers.
Pursuant to the master agreement, Beta S T is a pass-through entity such that it receives no benefit or compensation for the services
provided under the master agreement or under any other agreements it enters into with regard to the oil and natural gas purchased from
the Fund. The Fund and other funds managed by the Manager have agreed to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Beta S T from and against
all claims, liabilities, losses, causes of action, costs and expenses asserted against it as a result of or arising from any act or omission,
breach and claims for losses or damages arising out of its dealing with third parties with respect to the transportation, processing or
sale of oil and natural gas from the Beta Project. The revenues and expenses from the sale of oil and natural gas to third-party purchasers
are recorded as oil and gas revenue and operating expenses in the Fund s statements of operations, and are allocable to the Fund
based on the Fund s working interest ownership in the Beta Project. 

Production Handling, Gathering and Operating
Services Agreement 

 The Fund and other third-party working interest
owners in the Beta Project (collectively, the Beta Project Owners are parties to a production handling, gathering and operating
services agreement PHA with Ridgewood Claiborne, LLC, a wholly-owned entity of Ridgewood Energy Oil Gas Fund II,
L.P. Institutional Fund II and other third-party working interest owners in the Claiborne Project (collectively, the Producers ),
whereby the Beta Project Owners will provide services related to the production handling and delivery of oil and natural gas production
from the Claiborne Project via their owned Beta Project production facility. The PHA was effective on December 12, 2016 and will continue
in effect unless terminated by default, by the Beta Project Owners or the Producers pursuant to the terms of the PHA (as amended on February
10, 2017, March 9, 2017, September 19, 2018, November 30, 2018 and December 1, 2018). On September 23, 2020, a third-party working interest
owner of the Claiborne Project executed a consent letter to assign the rights to the services under the PHA to Ridgewood Rattlesnake,
LLC, a wholly-owned entity of Ridgewood Energy Oil Gas Fund III, L.P. Institutional Fund III ). On May 12, 2022, a
third-party working interest owner executed an assignment and bill of sale agreement to assign the rights to the services under the PHA
to Ridgewood Institutional IV Prospective Leases, LLC, a wholly-owned entity of Ridgewood Energy Oil Gas Fund IV, L.P. Institutional
Fund IV ). Institutional Fund II, Institutional Fund III and Institutional Fund IV are entities that are managed by the Fund s
Manager. Under the terms of the PHA, the Producers have agreed to pay the Beta Project Owners a fixed production handling fee for each
barrel of oil and mcf of natural gas processed through the Beta Project production facility. 

During each of the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Fund earned million, representing its proportionate share of the production handling fees earned from affiliates, which
are included within Other revenue on the Fund s statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Fund s
receivables of thousand and thousand, respectively, related to the Fund s proportionate share of revenue from affiliates
are included within Due from affiliate on the Fund s balance sheets. The receivables are settled by issuance of a
non-cash credit from the Beta Project operator to the Fund on behalf of the Claiborne Project working interest owners when the operator
performs the joint interest billing of the lease operating expenses due from the Fund. However, if applying the joint interest billing
credit results in a net credit balance due to the Fund, the Beta Project operator remits such balance in cash to the Fund. 

At times, short-term payables and receivables,
which do not bear interest, arise from transactions with affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 

The Fund has working interest ownership in certain
oil and natural gas projects, which are also owned by other entities that are likewise managed by the Manager. 

million (which include asset retirement obligations for the Fund s
projects of million), of which thousand is expected to be spent during the year ending December 31, 2023. Future results of operations
and cash flows are dependent on the revenues from production and sale of oil and natural gas from the Beta Project. Based upon its current
cash position, salvage fund and its current reserves estimates, the Fund expects cash flow from operations to be sufficient to cover its
commitments and ongoing operations. Reserves estimates are projections based on engineering data that cannot be measured with precision,
require substantial judgment, and are subject to frequent revision. 

Overriding Royalty Interest (ORRI) 

 Effective January 1, 2023, the fixed percentage
ORRI of 6.25 in the Fund s net revenue interest in the Beta Project s oil and natural gas production becomes payable to the
Fund s former lender, which was conveyed pursuant to the Fund s credit agreement applicable to the project. The ORRI will
be recorded as a reduction to oil and gas revenue on the Fund s statement of operations and as accrued royalty within Accrued
expenses on the Fund s balance sheet. 

Impact from market conditions 

 The oil and gas market, and the global economy
in general, is subject to sources of uncertainty relating to: (i) further escalation in the Russia-Ukraine conflict, which could result
in a major oil supply disruption; (ii) a prolonged high inflationary environment, which could result in a deep global recession; and (iii)
the refilling of strategic petroleum reserves by the U.S. and other nations, which could add to crude demand and potentially push oil
prices higher. The impact of these matters on global financial and commodity markets and their corresponding effect on the Fund remains
uncertain. 

Environmental and Governmental Regulations

Many aspects of the oil and gas industry are subject
to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. The Manager and operators of the Fund s properties are continually
taking action they believe appropriate to satisfy applicable federal, state and local environmental regulations. However, due to the significant
public and governmental interest in environmental matters related to those activities, the Manager cannot predict the effects of possible
future legislation, rule changes, or governmental or private claims. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no known environmental
contingencies that required adjustment to, or disclosure in, the Fund s financial statements. 

Oil and gas industry legislation and administrative
regulations are periodically changed for a variety of political, economic, and other reasons. Any such future laws and regulations could
result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, which could have a material adverse effect on the Fund s
operating results and cash flows. It is not possible at this time to predict whether such legislation or regulation, if proposed, will
be adopted as initially written, if at all, or how legislation or new regulation that may be adopted would impact the Fund s business. 

BOEM Supplemental Financial Assurance Requirements 

 On July 14, 2016, the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management BOEM issued a Notice to Lessees NTL 2016-N01 that discontinued and materially replaced existing policies
and procedures regarding financial security (i.e. supplemental bonding) for decommissioning obligations of lessees of federal oil and
natural gas leases and owners of pipeline rights-of-way, rights-of-use and easements on the Outer Continental Shelf Lessees ). 
Generally, NTL 2016-N01 (i) ended the practice of excusing Lessees from providing such additional security where co-lessees had sufficient
financial strength to meet such decommissioning obligations, (ii) established new criteria for determining financial strength and additional
security requirements of such Lessees, (iii) provided acceptable forms of such additional security, and (iv) replaced the waiver
system with one of self-insurance. The rule became effective as of September 12, 2016; however, on January 6, 2017, the BOEM announced
that it was suspending the implementation timeline for six months in certain circumstances. On May 1, 2017, the Secretary of the
U.S. Department of the Interior Interior directed the BOEM to complete a review of NTL 2016-N01, to provide a report to
certain Interior personnel describing the results of the review and options for revising or rescinding NTL 2016-N01, and to keep the implementation
timeline extension in effect pending the completion of the review of NTL 2016-N01 by the identified Interior personnel. 

On
October 16, 2020, BOEM and the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement published
a proposed new rule at 85 FR 65904 on Risk, Management, Financial Assurance and Loss Prevention, addressing the streamlining of evaluation
criteria when determining whether oil, gas and sulfur leases, right-of-use and easement grant holders, and pipeline right-of-way grant
holders may be required to provide bonds or other security above the prescribed amounts for base bonds to ensure compliance with the Lessees 
obligations, primarily decommissioning obligations. The proposed rule was significantly less stringent with respect to financial assurance
than NTL 2016-N01. To date, the BOEM is not currently implementing NTL 2016-N01 and its status is uncertain, and BOEM has indicated
that it is reviewing the proposed rule. 

Notwithstanding
the uncertain status of NTL 2016-N01, BOEM had continued under existing law to review supplemental financial assurance requirements relative
to sole liability properties (i.e., properties in which only one company is liable for decommissioning). However, on August 18,
2021, the BOEM issued a Note to Stakeholders in which the BOEM stated that it was expanding its financial assurance efforts beyond sole
liability projects to include supplemental financial assurance of certain high-risk, non-sole liability properties (those
properties with more than one company potentially liable for decommissioning costs). The BOEM identified (i) inactive properties, (ii)
those with less than five years of production left, and (iii) those with damaged infrastructure, as being high-risk, non-sole liability
properties and for which supplemental financial assurance may be required. The BOEM may require the Fund to fully secure all
of its potential abandonment liabilities, which potentially could increase costs to the Fund. The Fund is not able to evaluate
the impact of the proposed new rule on its operations or financial condition until a final rule is issued or some other definitive action
is taken by the Interior or BOEM. 

Insurance Coverage 

 The Fund is subject to all risks inherent in the
oil and natural gas business. Insurance coverage as is customary for entities engaged in similar operations is maintained, but losses
may occur from uninsurable risks or amounts in excess of existing insurance coverage. The occurrence of an event that is not insured or
not fully insured could have a material adverse impact upon earnings and financial position. Moreover, insurance is obtained as a package
covering all of the entities managed by the Manager. Depending on the extent, nature and payment of claims made by the Fund or other entities
managed by the Manager, yearly insurance coverage may be exhausted and become insufficient to cover a claim by the Fund in a given year. 

F- 15 

 Table of Contents 

Accumulated depletion and amortization 

Oil and gas properties, net 

Total Costs 

Revisions of previous estimates (b) 

Production 

End of year 
 166.1 

Proved developed reserves: 

Beginning of year 

End of year 

Proved undeveloped reserves: 

Beginning of year 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 End of year 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Future production costs 

Future development costs 

Future net cash flows 

10 annual discount for estimated timing of cash flows 

Standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows 

Effective January 1, 2023, the fixed percentage
ORRI of 6.25 in the Fund s net revenue interest in the Beta Project s oil and natural gas production becomes payable to the
Fund s former lender, which was conveyed pursuant to the Fund s credit agreement applicable to the project. The future cash
inflows or future revenue shown in the above table reflect the Fund s interest in the Beta Project as it existed prior to the effective
date of the ORRI. 

Sales and transfers of oil and gas produced during the period 

Changes in estimated future development costs 

Net change due to revisions in quantities estimates 

Accretion of discount 

Other 

Aggregate change in the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows for the year 

It is necessary to emphasize that the data presented
should not be viewed as representing the expected cash flow from, or current value of, existing proved reserves as the computations are
based on a number of estimates. Reserve quantities cannot be measured with precision and their estimation requires many judgmental determinations
and frequent revisions. The required projection of production and related expenditures over time requires further estimates with respect
to pipeline availability, rates and governmental control. Actual future prices and costs are likely to be substantially different from
the current price and cost estimates utilized in the computation of reported amounts. Any analysis or evaluation of the reported amounts
should give specific recognition to the computational methods utilized and the limitation inherent therein. 

F-16 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Robert E. Swanson, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ridgewood Energy Q Fund, LLC; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: 
 February 27, 2023 

/s/ 
 ROBERT E. SWANSON 

Name: 
 Robert E. Swanson 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Kathleen P. McSherry, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ridgewood Energy Q Fund, LLC; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: 
 February 27, 2023 

/s/ 
 KATHLEEN P. MCSHERRY 

Name: 
 Kathleen P. McSherry 

Title: 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

 and Assistant Secretary 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

In connection with this Annual Report on
Form 10-K of the Ridgewood Energy Q Fund, LLC (the Fund for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the
Fund hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. (section) 1350, as adopted pursuant to (section) 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that to the best of their knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Fund. 

Dated: 
 February 27, 2023 

/s/ 
 ROBERT E. SWANSON 

Name: 
 Robert E. Swanson 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: 
 February 27, 2023 

/s/ 
 KATHLEEN P. MCSHERRY 

Name: 
 Kathleen P. McSherry 

Title: 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

 and Assistant Secretary 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement
or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic
version of this written statement has been provided to the Fund and will be retained by the Fund and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of this report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-99.1>
 5
 qfundex99_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

February 17, 2023 

Mr. W. Kent Webb 

 Ridgewood Energy Corporation 

 1254 Enclave Parkway, Suite 600 

 Houston, Texas 77077 

Dear Mr. Webb: 

In accordance with your request, we have estimated
the proved reserves and future revenue, as of December 31, 2022, to the Ridgewood Energy Q Fund, LLC (Ridgewood Q Fund) interest in certain
oil and gas properties located in federal waters in the Gulf of Mexico. We completed our evaluation on or about the date of this letter.
It is our understanding that the proved reserves estimated in this report constitute all of the proved reserves owned by Ridgewood Q Fund.
It is also our understanding that a portion of Ridgewood Q Fund's net revenue interest in each of the blocks that compose Beta Field was
conveyed to a third party on January 1, 2023; the effects of this conveyance are not accounted for in the reserves and future revenue
shown in this report. The estimates in this report have been prepared in accordance with the definitions and regulations of the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC) and, with the exception of the exclusion of future income taxes, conform to the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification Topic 932, Extractive Activities Oil and Gas. Definitions are presented immediately following this letter. This report
has been prepared for Ridgewood Q Fund's use in filing with the SEC; in our opinion the assumptions, data, methods, and procedures used
in the preparation of this report are appropriate for such purpose. 

We estimate the net reserves and future net revenue
to the Ridgewood Q Fund interest in these properties, as of December 31, 2022, to be: 

Net Reserves 
 Future Net Revenue (1) (M 

Oil 
 NGL 
 Gas 
 
 Present Worth 
 
 Category 
 (MBBL) 
 (MBBL) 
 (MMCF) 
 Total 
 at 10 

Proved Developed Producing 
 109.5 
 10.6 
 63.4 
 6,398.0 
 6,491.2 
 
 Proved Undeveloped 
 56.6 
 3.8 
 22.9 
 2,848.3 
 1,580.5 

Total Proved 
 166.1 
 14.4 
 86.3 
 9,246.3 
 8,071.7 

(1) Future net revenue is after deducting estimated abandonment costs. 

The oil volumes shown include crude oil only. Oil
and natural gas liquids (NGL) volumes are expressed in thousands of barrels (MBBL); a barrel is equivalent to 42 United States gallons.
Gas volumes are expressed in millions of cubic feet (MMCF) at standard temperature and pressure bases. 

Reserves categorization conveys the relative degree
of certainty; reserves subcategorization is based on development and production status. Our study indicates that as of December 31, 2022,
there are no proved developed non-producing reserves for these properties. As requested, probable and possible reserves that exist for
these properties have not been included. The estimates of reserves and future revenue included herein have not been adjusted for risk.
This report does not include any value that could be attributed to interests in undeveloped acreage beyond those tracts for which undeveloped
reserves have been estimated. 

Gross revenue is Ridgewood Q Fund's share of the
gross (100 percent) revenue from the properties prior to any deductions. Future net revenue is after deductions for Ridgewood Q Fund's
share of capital costs, abandonment costs, and operating expenses but before consideration of any income taxes. The future net revenue
has been discounted at an annual rate of 10 percent to determine its present worth, which is shown to indicate the effect of time on the
value of money. Future net revenue presented in this report, whether discounted or undiscounted, should not be construed as being the
fair market value of the properties. 

Prices used in this report are based on the 12-month
unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month in the period January through December 2022. For oil
and NGL volumes, the average Light Louisiana Sweet spot price of 96.27 per barrel is adjusted by field for quality, transportation fees,
and market differentials. For gas volumes, the average Henry Hub spot price of 6.357 per MMBTU is adjusted by field for energy content,
transportation fees, and market differentials. All prices are held constant throughout the lives of the properties. The average adjusted
product prices weighted by production over the remaining lives of the properties are 89.66 per barrel of oil, 32.64 per barrel of NGL,
and 7.206 per MCF of gas 

Operating costs used in this report are based on
operating expense records of Ridgewood Energy Corporation (Ridgewood). These costs include the per-well overhead expenses allowed under
joint operating agreements along with estimates of costs to be incurred at and below the district and field levels. Operating costs have
been divided into field-level costs, per-well costs, and per-unit-of-production costs. Since all properties are nonoperated, headquarters
general and administrative overhead expenses are not included. Operating costs are not escalated for inflation. 

Capital costs used in this report were provided
by Ridgewood and are based on authorizations for expenditure and internal planning budgets. Capital costs are included as required for
workovers and production equipment. Based on our understanding of future development plans, a review of the records provided to us, and
our knowledge of similar properties, we regard these estimated capital costs to be reasonable. Abandonment costs used in this report are
Ridgewood's estimates of the costs to abandon the wells, platform, and production facilities, net of any salvage value. Capital costs
and abandonment costs are not escalated for inflation. 

For the purposes of this report, we did not perform
any field inspection of the properties, nor did we examine the mechanical operation or condition of the wells and facilities. We have
not investigated possible environmental liability related to the properties; therefore, our estimates do not include any costs due to
such possible liability. 

We have made no investigation of potential volume
and value imbalances resulting from overdelivery or underdelivery to the Ridgewood Q Fund interest. Therefore, our estimates of reserves
and future revenue do not include adjustments for the settlement of any such imbalances; our projections are based on Ridgewood Q Fund
receiving its net revenue interest share of estimated future gross production. Additionally, we have made no specific investigation of
any firm transportation contracts that may be in place for these properties; our estimates of future revenue include the effects of such
contracts only to the extent that the associated fees are accounted for in the historical field- and lease-level accounting statements. 

The reserves shown in this report are estimates only and should
not be construed as exact quantities. Proved reserves are those quantities of oil and gas which, by analysis of engineering and
geoscience data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible; probable and possible reserves are
those additional reserves which are sequentially less certain to be recovered than proved reserves. Estimates of reserves may
increase or decrease as a result of market conditions, future operations, changes in regulations, or actual reservoir performance.
In addition to the primary economic assumptions discussed herein, our estimates are based on certain assumptions including, but
not limited to, that the properties will be developed consistent with current development plans as provided to us by Ridgewood,
that the properties will be operated in a prudent manner, that no governmental regulations or controls will be put in place that
would impact the ability of the interest owner to recover the reserves, and that our projections of future production will prove
consistent with actual performance. If the reserves are recovered, the revenues therefrom and the costs related thereto could
be more or less than the estimated amounts. Because of governmental policies and uncertainties of supply and demand, the sales
rates, prices received for the reserves, and costs incurred in recovering such reserves may vary from assumptions made while preparing
this report. 

For the purposes of this report, we used technical
and economic data including, but not limited to, well logs, geologic maps, seismic data, well test data, production data, historical price
and cost information, and property ownership interests. The reserves in this report have been estimated using deterministic methods; these
estimates have been prepared in accordance with the Standards Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing of Oil and Gas Reserves Information
promulgated by the Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE Standards). We used standard engineering and geoscience methods, or a combination
of methods, including performance analysis, volumetric analysis, and analogy, that we considered to be appropriate and necessary to categorize
and estimate reserves in accordance with SEC definitions and regulations. As in all aspects of oil and gas evaluation, there are uncertainties
inherent in the interpretation of engineering and geoscience data; therefore, our conclusions necessarily represent only informed professional
judgment. 

The data used in our estimates were obtained from
Ridgewood, public data sources, and the nonconfidential files of Netherland, Sewell Associates, Inc. (NSAI) and were accepted as
accurate. Supporting work data are on file in our office. We have not examined the titles to the properties or independently confirmed
the actual degree or type of interest owned. The technical persons primarily responsible for preparing the estimates presented herein
meet the requirements regarding qualifications, independence, objectivity, and confidentiality set forth in the SPE Standards. John R.
Cliver, a Licensed Professional Engineer in the State of Texas, has been practicing consulting petroleum engineering at NSAI since 2009
and has over 5 years of prior industry experience. Zachary R. Long, a Licensed Professional Geoscientist in the State of Texas, has been
practicing consulting petroleum geoscience at NSAI since 2007 and has over 2 years of prior industry experience. We are independent petroleum
engineers, geologists, geophysicists, and petrophysicists; we do not own an interest in these properties nor are we employed on a contingent
basis. 

Sincerely, 

NETHERLAND, SEWELL ASSOCIATES, INC. 

Texas Registered Engineering Firm F-2699 

/s/ C.H. (Scott) Rees III 

By: 

C.H. (Scott) Rees III, P.E. 
 Executive Chairman 

/s/ John R. Cliver 
 
 /s/ Zachary R. Long 
 
 By: 
 
 By: 

John R. Cliver, P.E. 107216 
 
 Zachary R. Long, P.G. 11792 

Vice President 
 
 Vice President 

Date Signed: February 17, 2023 
 Date Signed: February 17, 2023 

JRC:PNH 

Please be advised
 that the digital document you are viewing is provided by Netherland, Sewell Associates, Inc. (NSAI) as a convenience to our
 clients. The digital document is intended to be substantively the same as the original signed document maintained by NSAI. The
 digital document is subject to the parameters, limitations, and conditions stated in the original document. In the event
 of any differences between the digital document and the original document, the original document shall control and supersede the
 digital document. 

DEFINITIONS OF OIL AND GAS RESERVES 

 Adapted from U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation
S-X Section 210.4-10(a) 

The following definitions are set forth in U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) Regulation S-X Section 210.4-10(a). Also included is supplemental information from (1) the 2018 Petroleum Resources
Management System approved by the Society of Petroleum Engineers, (2) the FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 932, Extractive
Activities Oil and Gas, and (3) the SEC's Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations. 

(1) Acquisition of properties. Costs incurred to purchase,
lease or otherwise acquire a property, including costs of lease bonuses and options to purchase or lease properties, the portion
of costs applicable to minerals when land including mineral rights is purchased in fee, brokers' fees, recording fees, legal costs,
and other costs incurred in acquiring properties. 

(2) Analogous reservoir . Analogous reservoirs, as used in
resources assessments, have similar rock and fluid properties, reservoir conditions (depth, temperature, and pressure) and drive
mechanisms, but are typically at a more advanced stage of development than the reservoir of interest and thus may provide concepts
to assist in the interpretation of more limited data and estimation of recovery. When used to support proved reserves, an analogous
reservoir refers to a reservoir that shares the following characteristics with the reservoir of interest: 

(i) Same geological formation (but not necessarily in pressure communication
with the reservoir of interest); 

(ii) Same environment of deposition; 

(iii) Similar geological structure; and 

(iv) Same drive mechanism. 

Instruction to paragraph (a)(2) : Reservoir properties must,
in the aggregate, be no more favorable in the analog than in the reservoir of interest. 

(3) Bitumen . Bitumen, sometimes referred to as natural bitumen,
is petroleum in a solid or semi-solid state in natural deposits with a viscosity greater than 10,000 centipoise measured at original
temperature in the deposit and atmospheric pressure, on a gas free basis. In its natural state it usually contains sulfur, metals,
and other non-hydrocarbons. 

(4) Condensate . Condensate is a mixture of hydrocarbons that
exists in the gaseous phase at original reservoir temperature and pressure, but that, when produced, is in the liquid phase at
surface pressure and temperature. 

(5) Deterministic estimate . The method of estimating reserves
or resources is called deterministic when a single value for each parameter (from the geoscience, engineering, or economic data)
in the reserves calculation is used in the reserves estimation procedure. 

(6) Developed oil and gas reserves . Developed oil and gas
reserves are reserves of any category that can be expected to be recovered: 

(i) Through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or
in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared to the cost of a new well; and 

(ii) Through installed extraction equipment and infrastructure operational at
the time of the reserves estimate if the extraction is by means not involving a well. 

Supplemental definitions from the 2018 Petroleum Resources
Management System: 

Developed Producing Reserves Expected quantities
to be recovered from completion intervals that are open and producing at the effective date of the estimate. Improved recovery
Reserves are considered producing only after the improved recovery project is in operation. 

Developed Non-Producing Reserves Shut-in and behind-pipe
Reserves. Shut-in Reserves are expected to be recovered from (1) completion intervals that are open at the time of the estimate
but which have not yet started producing, (2) wells which were shut-in for market conditions or pipeline connections, or (3) wells
not capable of production for mechanical reasons. Behind-pipe Reserves are expected to be recovered from zones in existing wells
that will require additional completion work or future re-completion before start of production with minor cost to access these
reserves. In all cases, production can be initiated or restored with relatively low expenditure compared to the cost of drilling
a new well. 

(7) Development costs. Costs incurred to obtain access to
proved reserves and to provide facilities for extracting, treating, gathering and storing the oil and gas. More specifically, development
costs, including depreciation and applicable operating costs of support equipment and facilities and other costs of development
activities, are costs incurred to: 

(i) Gain access to and prepare well locations for drilling, including surveying
well locations for the purpose of determining specific development drilling sites, clearing ground, draining, road building, and
relocating public roads, gas lines, and power lines, to the extent necessary in developing the proved reserves. 

(ii) Drill and equip development wells, development-type stratigraphic test wells,
and service wells, including the costs of platforms and of well equipment such as casing, tubing, pumping equipment, and the wellhead
assembly. 

Definitions - Page 1 of 6 

DEFINITIONS OF OIL AND GAS RESERVES 

 Adapted from U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation
S-X Section 210.4-10(a) 

(iii) Acquire, construct, and install production facilities such as lease flow
lines, separators, treaters, heaters, manifolds, measuring devices, and production storage tanks, natural gas cycling and processing
plants, and central utility and waste disposal systems. 

(iv) Provide improved recovery systems. 

(8) Development project . A development project is the means
by which petroleum resources are brought to the status of economically producible. As examples, the development of a single reservoir
or field, an incremental development in a producing field, or the integrated development of a group of several fields and associated
facilities with a common ownership may constitute a development project. 

(9) Development well . A well drilled within the proved area
of an oil or gas reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive. 

(10) Economically producible . The term economically producible,
as it relates to a resource, means a resource which generates revenue that exceeds, or is reasonably expected to exceed, the costs
of the operation. The value of the products that generate revenue shall be determined at the terminal point of oil and gas producing
activities as defined in paragraph (a)(16) of this section. 

(11) Estimated ultimate recovery (EUR) . Estimated ultimate
recovery is the sum of reserves remaining as of a given date and cumulative production as of that date. 

(12) Exploration costs . Costs incurred in identifying areas
that may warrant examination and in examining specific areas that are considered to have prospects of containing oil and gas reserves,
including costs of drilling exploratory wells and exploratory-type stratigraphic test wells. Exploration costs may be incurred
both before acquiring the related property (sometimes referred to in part as prospecting costs) and after acquiring the property.
Principal types of exploration costs, which include depreciation and applicable operating costs of support equipment and facilities
and other costs of exploration activities, are: 

(i) Costs of topographical, geographical and geophysical studies, rights of
access to properties to conduct those studies, and salaries and other expenses of geologists, geophysical crews, and others conducting
those studies. Collectively, these are sometimes referred to as geological and geophysical or G G costs. 

(ii) Costs of carrying and retaining undeveloped properties, such as delay rentals,
ad valorem taxes on properties, legal costs for title defense, and the maintenance of land and lease records. 

(iii) Dry hole contributions and bottom hole contributions. 

(iv) Costs of drilling and equipping exploratory wells. 

(v) Costs of drilling exploratory-type stratigraphic test wells. 

(13) Exploratory well . An exploratory well is a well drilled
to find a new field or to find a new reservoir in a field previously found to be productive of oil or gas in another reservoir.
Generally, an exploratory well is any well that is not a development well, an extension well, a service well, or a stratigraphic
test well as those items are defined in this section. 

(14) Extension well . An extension well is a well drilled
to extend the limits of a known reservoir. 

(15) Field . An area consisting of a single reservoir or multiple
reservoirs all grouped on or related to the same individual geological structural feature and/or stratigraphic condition. There
may be two or more reservoirs in a field which are separated vertically by intervening impervious strata, or laterally by local
geologic barriers, or by both. Reservoirs that are associated by being in overlapping or adjacent fields may be treated as a single
or common operational field. The geological terms structural feature and stratigraphic condition are intended
to identify localized geological features as opposed to the broader terms of basins, trends, provinces, plays, areas-of-interest,
etc. 

(16) Oil and gas producing activities . 

(i) Oil and gas producing activities include: 

(A) The search for crude oil, including condensate and natural gas liquids, or
natural gas oil and gas in their natural states and original locations; 

(B) The acquisition of property rights or properties for the purpose of further
exploration or for the purpose of removing the oil or gas from such properties; 

(C) The construction, drilling, and production activities necessary to retrieve
oil and gas from their natural reservoirs, including the acquisition, construction, installation, and maintenance of field gathering
and storage systems, such as: 

(1) Lifting the oil and gas to the surface; and 

(2) Gathering, treating, and field processing (as in the case of processing gas
to extract liquid hydrocarbons); and 

Definitions - Page 2 of 6 

DEFINITIONS OF OIL AND GAS RESERVES 

 Adapted from U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation
S-X Section 210.4-10(a) 

(D) Extraction of saleable hydrocarbons, in the solid, liquid, or gaseous state,
from oil sands, shale, coalbeds, or other nonrenewable natural resources which are intended to be upgraded into synthetic oil or
gas, and activities undertaken with a view to such extraction. 

Instruction 1 to paragraph (a)(16)(i) : The oil
and gas production function shall be regarded as ending at a terminal point , which is the outlet valve on the lease
or field storage tank. If unusual physical or operational circumstances exist, it may be appropriate to regard the terminal point
for the production function as: 

a. The first point at which oil, gas, or gas liquids, natural or synthetic,
are delivered to a main pipeline, a common carrier, a refinery, or a marine terminal; and 

b. In the case of natural resources that are intended to be upgraded into synthetic
oil or gas, if those natural resources are delivered to a purchaser prior to upgrading, the first point at which the natural resources
are delivered to a main pipeline, a common carrier, a refinery, a marine terminal, or a facility which upgrades such natural resources
into synthetic oil or gas. 

Instruction 2 to paragraph (a)(16)(i): For purposes
of this paragraph (a)(16), the term saleable hydrocarbons means hydrocarbons that are saleable in the state in which the
hydrocarbons are delivered. 

(ii) Oil and gas producing activities do not include: 

(A) Transporting, refining, or marketing oil and gas; 

(B) Processing of produced oil, gas, or natural resources that can be upgraded
into synthetic oil or gas by a registrant that does not have the legal right to produce or a revenue interest in such production; 

(C) Activities relating to the production of natural resources other than oil,
gas, or natural resources from which synthetic oil and gas can be extracted; or 

(D) Production of geothermal steam. 

(17) Possible reserves. Possible reserves are those additional
reserves that are less certain to be recovered than probable reserves. 

(i) When deterministic methods are used, the total quantities ultimately recovered
from a project have a low probability of exceeding proved plus probable plus possible reserves. When probabilistic methods are
used, there should be at least a 10 probability that the total quantities ultimately recovered will equal or exceed the proved
plus probable plus possible reserves estimates. 

(ii) Possible reserves may be assigned to areas of a reservoir adjacent to probable
reserves where data control and interpretations of available data are progressively less certain. Frequently, this will be in areas
where geoscience and engineering data are unable to define clearly the area and vertical limits of commercial production from the
reservoir by a defined project. 

(iii) Possible reserves also include incremental quantities associated with a
greater percentage recovery of the hydrocarbons in place than the recovery quantities assumed for probable reserves. 

(iv) The proved plus probable and proved plus probable plus possible reserves
estimates must be based on reasonable alternative technical and commercial interpretations within the reservoir or subject project
that are clearly documented, including comparisons to results in successful similar projects. 

(v) Possible reserves may be assigned where geoscience and engineering data
identify directly adjacent portions of a reservoir within the same accumulation that may be separated from proved areas by faults
with displacement less than formation thickness or other geological discontinuities and that have not been penetrated by a wellbore,
and the registrant believes that such adjacent portions are in communication with the known (proved) reservoir. Possible reserves
may be assigned to areas that are structurally higher or lower than the proved area if these areas are in communication with the
proved reservoir. 

(vi) Pursuant to paragraph (a)(22)(iii) of this section, where direct observation
has defined a highest known oil (HKO) elevation and the potential exists for an associated gas cap, proved oil reserves should
be assigned in the structurally higher portions of the reservoir above the HKO only if the higher contact can be established with
reasonable certainty through reliable technology. Portions of the reservoir that do not meet this reasonable certainty criterion
may be assigned as probable and possible oil or gas based on reservoir fluid properties and pressure gradient interpretations. 

(18) Probable reserves. Probable reserves are those additional
reserves that are less certain to be recovered than proved reserves but which, together with proved reserves, are as likely as
not to be recovered. 

(i) When deterministic methods are used, it is as likely as not that actual
remaining quantities recovered will exceed the sum of estimated proved plus probable reserves. When probabilistic methods are used,
there should be at least a 50 probability that the actual quantities recovered will equal or exceed the proved plus probable reserves
estimates. 

Definitions - Page 3 of 6 

DEFINITIONS OF OIL AND GAS RESERVES 

 Adapted from U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation
S-X Section 210.4-10(a) 

(ii) Probable reserves may be assigned to areas of a reservoir adjacent to proved
reserves where data control or interpretations of available data are less certain, even if the interpreted reservoir continuity
of structure or productivity does not meet the reasonable certainty criterion. Probable reserves may be assigned to areas that
are structurally higher than the proved area if these areas are in communication with the proved reservoir. 

(iii) Probable reserves estimates also include potential incremental quantities
associated with a greater percentage recovery of the hydrocarbons in place than assumed for proved reserves. 

(iv) See also guidelines in paragraphs (a)(17)(iv) and (a)(17)(vi) of this section. 

(19) Probabilistic estimate. The method of estimation of
reserves or resources is called probabilistic when the full range of values that could reasonably occur for each unknown parameter
(from the geoscience and engineering data) is used to generate a full range of possible outcomes and their associated probabilities
of occurrence. 

(20) Production costs . 

(i) Costs incurred to operate and maintain wells and related equipment and facilities,
including depreciation and applicable operating costs of support equipment and facilities and other costs of operating and maintaining
those wells and related equipment and facilities. They become part of the cost of oil and gas produced. Examples of production
costs (sometimes called lifting costs) are: 

(A) Costs of labor to operate the wells and related equipment and facilities. 

(B) Repairs and maintenance. 

(C) Materials, supplies, and fuel consumed and supplies utilized in operating
the wells and related equipment and facilities. 

(D) Property taxes and insurance applicable to proved properties and wells and
related equipment and facilities. 

(E) Severance taxes. 

(ii) Some support equipment or facilities may serve two or more oil and gas producing
activities and may also serve transportation, refining, and marketing activities. To the extent that the support equipment and
facilities are used in oil and gas producing activities, their depreciation and applicable operating costs become exploration,
development or production costs, as appropriate. Depreciation, depletion, and amortization of capitalized acquisition, exploration,
and development costs are not production costs but also become part of the cost of oil and gas produced along with production (lifting)
costs identified above. 

(21) Proved area. The part of a property to which proved
reserves have been specifically attributed. 

(22) Proved oil and gas reserves. Proved oil and gas reserves
are those quantities of oil and gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty
to be economically producible from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating
methods, and government regulations prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence
indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation.
The project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator must be reasonably certain that it will commence the
project within a reasonable time. 

(i) The area of the reservoir considered as proved includes: 

(A) The area identified by drilling and limited by fluid contacts, if any, and 

(B) Adjacent undrilled portions of the reservoir that can, with reasonable certainty,
be judged to be continuous with it and to contain economically producible oil or gas on the basis of available geoscience and engineering
data. 

(ii) In the absence of data on fluid contacts, proved quantities in a reservoir
are limited by the lowest known hydrocarbons (LKH) as seen in a well penetration unless geoscience, engineering, or performance
data and reliable technology establishes a lower contact with reasonable certainty. 

(iii) Where direct observation from well penetrations has defined a highest known
oil (HKO) elevation and the potential exists for an associated gas cap, proved oil reserves may be assigned in the structurally
higher portions of the reservoir only if geoscience, engineering, or performance data and reliable technology establish the higher
contact with reasonable certainty. 

(iv) Reserves which can be produced economically through application of improved
recovery techniques (including, but not limited to, fluid injection) are included in the proved classification when: 

(A) Successful testing by a pilot project in an area of the reservoir with properties
no more favorable than in the reservoir as a whole, the operation of an installed program in the reservoir or an analogous reservoir,
or other evidence using reliable technology establishes the reasonable certainty of the engineering analysis on which the project
or program was based; and 

Definitions - Page 4 of 6 

DEFINITIONS OF OIL AND GAS RESERVES 

 Adapted from U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation
S-X Section 210.4-10(a) 

(B) The project has been approved for development by all necessary parties and
entities, including governmental entities. 

(v) Existing economic conditions include prices and costs at which economic
producibility from a reservoir is to be determined. The price shall be the average price during the 12-month period prior to the
ending date of the period covered by the report, determined as an unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price
for each month within such period, unless prices are defined by contractual arrangements, excluding escalations based upon future
conditions. 

(23) Proved properties. Properties with proved reserves. 

(24) Reasonable certainty. If deterministic methods are used,
reasonable certainty means a high degree of confidence that the quantities will be recovered. If probabilistic methods are used,
there should be at least a 90 probability that the quantities actually recovered will equal or exceed the estimate. A high degree
of confidence exists if the quantity is much more likely to be achieved than not, and, as changes due to increased availability
of geoscience (geological, geophysical, and geochemical), engineering, and economic data are made to estimated ultimate recovery
(EUR) with time, reasonably certain EUR is much more likely to increase or remain constant than to decrease. 

(25) Reliable technology. Reliable technology is a grouping
of one or more technologies (including computational methods) that has been field tested and has been demonstrated to provide reasonably
certain results with consistency and repeatability in the formation being evaluated or in an analogous formation. 

(26) Reserves. Reserves are estimated remaining quantities
of oil and gas and related substances anticipated to be economically producible, as of a given date, by application of development
projects to known accumulations. In addition, there must exist, or there must be a reasonable expectation that there will exist,
the legal right to produce or a revenue interest in the production, installed means of delivering oil and gas or related substances
to market, and all permits and financing required to implement the project. 

Note to paragraph (a)(26) : Reserves should not be assigned
to adjacent reservoirs isolated by major, potentially sealing, faults until those reservoirs are penetrated and evaluated as economically
producible. Reserves should not be assigned to areas that are clearly separated from a known accumulation by a non-productive
reservoir (i.e., absence of reservoir, structurally low reservoir, or negative test results). Such areas may contain prospective
resources (i.e., potentially recoverable resources from undiscovered accumulations). 

Excerpted from the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
Topic 932, Extractive Activities Oil and Gas: 

932-235-50-30 A standardized measure of discounted future
net cash flows relating to an entity's interests in both of the following shall be disclosed as of the end of the year: 

a. Proved oil and gas reserves (see paragraphs 932-235-50-3 through 50-11B) 

b. Oil and gas subject to purchase under long-term supply, purchase, or
similar agreements and contracts in which the entity participates in the operation of the properties on which the oil or gas is
located or otherwise serves as the producer of those reserves (see paragraph 932-235-50-7). 

The standardized measure of discounted future net cash
flows relating to those two types of interests in reserves may be combined for reporting purposes. 

932-235-50-31 All of the following information shall be
disclosed in the aggregate and for each geographic area for which reserve quantities are disclosed in accordance with paragraphs
932-235-50-3 through 50-11B: 

a. Future cash inflows. These shall be computed by applying prices used
in estimating the entity's proved oil and gas reserves to the year-end quantities of those reserves. Future price changes shall
be considered only to the extent provided by contractual arrangements in existence at year-end. 

b. Future development and production costs. These costs shall be computed
by estimating the expenditures to be incurred in developing and producing the proved oil and gas reserves at the end of the year,
based on year-end costs and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions. If estimated development expenditures are significant,
they shall be presented separately from estimated production costs. 

c. Future income tax expenses. These expenses shall be computed by applying
the appropriate year-end statutory tax rates, with consideration of future tax rates already legislated, to the future pretax net
cash flows relating to the entity's proved oil and gas reserves, less the tax basis of the properties involved. The future income
tax expenses shall give effect to tax deductions and tax credits and allowances relating to the entity's proved oil and gas reserves. 

d. Future net cash flows. These amounts are the result of subtracting future
development and production costs and future income tax expenses from future cash inflows. 

e. Discount. This amount shall be derived from using a discount rate of
10 percent a year to reflect the timing of the future net cash flows relating to proved oil and gas reserves. 

f. Standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows. This amount
is the future net cash flows less the computed discount. 

Definitions - Page 5 of 6 

DEFINITIONS OF OIL AND GAS RESERVES 

 Adapted from U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation
S-X Section 210.4-10(a) 

(27) Reservoir. A porous and permeable underground formation
containing a natural accumulation of producible oil and/or gas that is confined by impermeable rock or water barriers and is individual
and separate from other reservoirs. 

(28) Resources. Resources are quantities of oil and gas estimated
to exist in naturally occurring accumulations. A portion of the resources may be estimated to be recoverable, and another portion
may be considered to be unrecoverable. Resources include both discovered and undiscovered accumulations. 

(29) Service well. A well drilled or completed for the purpose
of supporting production in an existing field. Specific purposes of service wells include gas injection, water injection, steam
injection, air injection, salt-water disposal, water supply for injection, observation, or injection for in-situ combustion. 

(30) Stratigraphic test well. A stratigraphic test well is
a drilling effort, geologically directed, to obtain information pertaining to a specific geologic condition. Such wells customarily
are drilled without the intent of being completed for hydrocarbon production. The classification also includes tests identified
as core tests and all types of expendable holes related to hydrocarbon exploration. Stratigraphic tests are classified as exploratory
type if not drilled in a known area or development type if drilled in a known area. 

(31) Undeveloped oil and gas reserves. Undeveloped oil and
gas reserves are reserves of any category that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing
wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion. 

(i) Reserves on undrilled acreage shall be limited to those directly offsetting
development spacing areas that are reasonably certain of production when drilled, unless evidence using reliable technology exists
that establishes reasonable certainty of economic producibility at greater distances. 

(ii) Undrilled locations can be classified as having undeveloped reserves only
if a development plan has been adopted indicating that they are scheduled to be drilled within five years, unless the specific
circumstances, justify a longer time. 

From the SEC's Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations
(October 26, 2009): 

Although several types of projects such as constructing
offshore platforms and development in urban areas, remote locations or environmentally sensitive locations by their nature
customarily take a longer time to develop and therefore often do justify longer time periods, this determination must always take
into consideration all of the facts and circumstances. No particular type of project per se justifies a longer time period, and
any extension beyond five years should be the exception, and not the rule. 

Factors that a company should consider in determining
whether or not circumstances justify recognizing reserves even though development may extend past five years include, but are not
limited to, the following: 

The company's level of ongoing significant development activities in
the area to be developed (for example, drilling only the minimum number of wells necessary to maintain the lease generally would
not constitute significant development activities); 

The company's historical record at completing development of comparable
long-term projects; 

The amount of time in which the company has maintained the leases, or
booked the reserves, without significant development activities; 

The extent to which the company has followed a previously adopted development
plan (for example, if a company has changed its development plan several times without taking significant steps to implement any
of those plans, recognizing proved undeveloped reserves typically would not be appropriate); and 

The extent to which delays in development are caused by external factors
related to the physical operating environment (for example, restrictions on development on Federal lands, but not obtaining government
permits), rather than by internal factors (for example, shifting resources to develop properties with higher priority). 

(iii) Under no circumstances shall estimates for undeveloped reserves be attributable
to any acreage for which an application of fluid injection or other improved recovery technique is contemplated, unless such techniques
have been proved effective by actual projects in the same reservoir or an analogous reservoir, as defined in paragraph (a)(2) of
this section, or by other evidence using reliable technology establishing reasonable certainty. 

(32) Unproved properties. Properties with no proved reserves. 

Definitions - Page 6 of 6 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cik1338474-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cik1338474-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cik1338474-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cik1338474-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

