<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1437283_0001214659-23-004597.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7055260</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>227274</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1201129</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1912832</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1867683</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1622036</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001214659-23-004597.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160058
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001214659-23-004597
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REGO PAYMENT ARCHITECTURES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001437283
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				352327649
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53944
		FILM NUMBER:		23787348

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		325 SENTRY PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			BLUE BELL
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19422
		BUSINESS PHONE:		267-465-7530

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		325 SENTRY PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			BLUE BELL
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19422

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VIRTUAL PIGGY, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110829

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Moggle, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080610

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001214659-23-004597.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 rpmt-20221231.htm

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON,
DC 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year
ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition
period from to 

Commission File Number

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common Stock, 0.0001
par value 

Indicate by
check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes or

Indicate by
check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes or

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

or
No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). or
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or, an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company ,
and emerging growth company , in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its
internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities
are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included
in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by
check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received
by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the common stock
held by non-affiliates of the registrant was as of June 30, 2022 based on the price at which the common stock of the
registrant was last sold as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board. Shares of common stock held by each current executive officer
and director and by each person who is known by the registrant to own 5 or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded from
this computation in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. This determination of affiliate status is not
a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

We had shares of common stock outstanding as of the close of business on March 31, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED
BY REFERENCE 

NONE 

REGO
PAYMENT ARCHITECTURES, INC. 

FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 

Year Ended December 31,
2022 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 23 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 23 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 23 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 24 
 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 
 Item7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 30 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 30 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 30 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 30 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 31 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 31 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 31 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 32 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 35 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 38 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 38 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 40 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 43 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements
of historical fact included or incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 10-K, including without limitation, statements
regarding our future financial position, business strategy, budgets, projected revenues, projected costs and plans and objectives of management
for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking
terminology such as may, will, expects, intends, plans, projects, 
 estimates, anticipates, or believes or the negative thereof or any variation thereon or similar
terminology or expressions. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about
future events. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions
about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future
results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Important factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include, but are not limited to: our ability to raise
additional capital, our limited revenues generated to date, our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, our dependence on third
party developers who we cannot control, our ability to develop and introduce a new service to the market in a timely manner, market acceptance
of our services, our limited experience in a relatively new industry, the ability to successfully develop licensing programs and generate
business, rapid technological change in relevant markets, unexpected network interruptions or security breaches, the ongoing COVID-19
pandemic, changes in demand for current and future intellectual property rights, legislative, regulatory and competitive developments,
intense competition with larger companies, general economic conditions, and other factors set forth under Item 1A Risk
Factors below. Except as required by law, we assume no duty to update or revise our forward-looking statements. 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS . 

General Development 

REGO Payment Architectures, Inc. (the Company, 
 REGO, we , or us was incorporated in Delaware on February 11, 2008 under the name Chimera International
Group, Inc. On April 4, 2008, we amended our certificate of incorporation and changed our name to Moggle, Inc. On
August 22, 2011, we filed a Certificate of Ownership with the Secretary of State of Delaware, pursuant to which the Company s
newly formed wholly owned subsidiary, Virtual Piggy Incorporated was merged into and with the Company (the Merger ). In connection
with the Merger and in accordance with Section 253 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the name of the Company was changed from Moggle,
Inc. to Virtual Piggy, Inc. On February 28, 2017, we amended our certificate of incorporation and changed our
name to REGO Payment Architectures, Inc. Our principal offices are located at 325 Sentry Parkway, Suite 200, Blue Bell, PA 19422
and our telephone number is (267) 465-7530. 

As of the date of this report, we have not
generated significant revenues. Our initial business plan was to develop an online game platform to allow game companies to
create, monetize and distribute massive multiplayer online games (MMOG). The Company technology was the monetization component of this
overall software platform (our Platform ). During 2010, we analyzed the market potential for an expanded Company solution
and decided to concentrate our efforts on the delivery of a full-featured Company solution that was not restricted to online gaming. The
expanded Company solution was designed to provide a complete online solution for families and parents to teach their children about financial
management and spending on gaming, retail, music and entertainment. In late 2013, we rebranded our Company product under the name Oink . 
In March 2016, we discontinued our prior Oink product offering. 

Our focus currently is monetizing the Mazoola 
Digital Wallet Platform in the Financial Technology FinTech industry through white label, licensing and partnership agreements. We
have successfully launched the Mazoola App and are focused on improving and monetizing the existing Platform and App that will act
as the foundation for the strategic alignment with the FinTech industry. The FinTech industry is composed primarily of startup
companies that use software to provide financial services more efficiently and less costly than traditional financial service companies. 
With our Children s Online Privacy Protection Act COPPA and GDPRkids TM Trustmark compliant technology
as an added feature, we believe we may have better market success. 

1 

Table of Contents 

Overview 

REGO Payment Architectures, Inc. is a provider of consumer software
that delivers a mobile payment platform - Mazoola - a family focused mobile banking solution. Headquartered in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania,
the Company maintains a portfolio of trade secrets and four US patent awards. REGO offers an all-digital financial payments platform to
enable minors, particularly under 13 years old, to transact, complete chores and learn in a secure online environment guided by parental
permission, oversight, and control, while remaining COPPA and GDPR compliant. 

COPPA applies not only to websites and mobile apps. It can apply to
a growing list of connected devices that is included in the Internet of Things. Some of these include toys and products that could collect
personal information, such as voice recordings or geolocation information. Non-compliance with COPPA has meant substantial fines for many
violators. 

Management believes that by building on its COPPA compliance advantage,
the future of REGO Payment Architectures, Inc. will be based on the foundational architecture of its software platform (the Platform that will allow its use across multiple financial markets where secure controlled payments are needed. The Company intends to license
in each alternative field of use the ability for its partners, distributors and/or value-added resellers to private label each of the
alternative markets. These partners will deploy, customize and support each implementation under their own label, but with acknowledgement
of the Company s proprietary intellectual assets as the base technology. Management believes this approach will enable the Company
to reduce marketing expenses while broadening its reach. 

Further, California passed the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA on June 28, 2018. CCPA gives consumers (defined as natural citizens who are California residents) four rights relative
to their personal information as follows: 

the right to know, through a general privacy policy and with more specifics
available upon request, what personal information a business has collected about them, where it was sourced from, what it is being used
for, whether it is being disclosed or sold, and to whom it is being disclosed or sold; 

the right to opt out of allowing a business to sell their personal
information to third parties (or, for consumers who are under 16 years old, the right not to have their personal information sold absent
their, or their parent s, opt-in); 

the right to have a business delete their personal information, with some
exceptions; and 

the right to receive equal service and pricing from a business, even if they
exercise their privacy rights under the CCPA. 

In November 2020, California went even further by passing the California
Privacy Rights Act CPRA of 2020. The CPRA is the strongest consumer privacy law ever enacted in the United States and
achieves broad general parity with the most comprehensive laws in other jurisdictions including Europe (GDPR), Japan, Israel, New Zealand,
and Canada. Protection of children is a key component of the CPRA with significant expansion to enforcement also included. CPRA empowers
the Attorney General, California s 62 different district attorneys, and a brand-new California Privacy Protection Agency to enforce
it, with those powers coming into force on July 1, 2023. Additional states such as Virginia, Connecticut, Colorado, and Nevada are exploring
joining California in implementing similar comprehensive privacy legislation. 

With respect to the evolving CCPA, the Company has designed its Platform
and app to be in compliance. 

Additionally, the European Parliament and Council agreed upon the General
Data Protection Regulation GDPR in April 2016, to replace the Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC. This is the primary
law regulating how companies protect European Union EU citizens personal data. GDPR became effective on May 25,
2018. Companies that fail to achieve GDPR compliance are subject to severe fines and penalties. 

2 

Table of Contents 

GDPR requirements apply to each member state of the European Union,
aiming to create more consistent protection of consumer and personal data across EU nations. Some of the key privacy and data protection
requirements of the GDPR include: 

Requiring the consent of subjects for data processing 

Anonymizing collected data to protect privacy 

Providing data breach notifications 

Safely handling the transfer of data across borders 

Requiring certain companies to appoint a data protection officer to oversee
GDPR compliance 

In short, the handling of EU citizens data is mandated by GDPR
using a baseline set of standards for companies that are designed to better safeguard the processing and movement of personal data. The
Company has designed its Platform and app to be in compliance with GDPR and has received the GDPRkidsTM Trustmark from PRIVO. 

Revenues generated from the Platform will come from multiple sources
depending on the level of service and facilities requested. There will be levels of subscription revenue paid monthly, service fees, transaction
fees and in some cases, revenue sharing and licensing with banking and distribution partners. 

Industry Background 

In 2022, it was estimated that approximately
25 of the world s population, estimated at 8 billion, or approximately 2 billion people were under age 15. This is primarily Generation
Z Gen Z and Generation Alpha Gen Alpha ). 

Gen Z are those born between 1997 and 2010
and are characterized by growing up in a highly sophisticated media and computer environment with greater internet savvy than any previous
generation. They have been coined with the names True Gen, the iGeneration, Homelanders, 
 Generation Connected, and Dot Com Kids. Gen Z has an estimated spending power of 323 billion per year, while
it is estimated that Gen Z influences 600 billion in family spending per year. 

They use the mobile internet more than any
other generation on a daily basis as a communication tool and a method to stay connected with the people and things that are important
to them. Studies have shown that Gen Z spends over 8 hours per week online on average, 4.5 hours per day on their mobile phones and 3.5
hours per day on their laptops. They are online for 10 or more hours per day with the use of smartphones, tablets, laptops, desktops and
TV s. Gen Z are 2 times more likely to shop online than Millennials. Additionally, 62 percent of Gen Z have reported worrying about
the use of their personal information by companies. 

Gen Alpha are those born since the year 2010.
They are the children of the Millennials and are sometimes referred to as mini-Millennials. They will be the first generation entirely
born and shaped in the 21 st century. They have become known as Digital Natives. They are the most materially
endowed and technologically literate generation on Earth. While not much information has been observed as of yet, Gen Alpha has been projected
to be the best-educated, the most technologically immersed, the wealthiest and the generation most likely to spend some or all of their
childhood in living arrangements without both of their biological parents. Millennials tend to provide mini versions of what they have
themselves to Gen Alpha. Thus, Gen Alpha is more likely to seek out the best brands and best products and have the ability to differentiate
knockoff brands. This is the next generation to watch as they have already begun to spend and influence spending. 

Because there is no direct financial solution
for these generations, they still use either cash or their parent s funding source (credit card) and hence there is still a lack
of quantification of the dollar size of the children s spending market, which is separate from the dollars
spent on children. Marketers and regulators have taken note of the change and made a shift to a more digital 
approach to their overall strategy. Additionally, children s access to increasingly available technology has fueled concerns
about security, safety and compliance with government regulations. As children march toward adulthood, parents are providing the means
for children to have products (money), and technology and providing them the increasingly easy opportunity to do so. 

3 

Table of Contents 

With Gen Z and Gen Alpha in mind, the Company
is focusing on the FinTech industry. There are several fields affected by FinTech including banking, insurance, loans, personal
finance, electronic payments, venture capital and wealth management. The brands that appear in the FinTech industry include Apple, Goldman
Sachs, PWC, JP Morgan, Samsung, Amazon and Paypal to name a few. 

The key metrics to the FinTech industry are
as follows: 

The U.S. Fintech market has achieved a 4 trillion market size in 2022 and
projects a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 11 over the next 5 years. 

In the U.S., the leading FinTech segment is digital payment, valued at over
 1.2 trillion in 2021. 

60 of credit unions and 49 of banks believe partnerships with FinTech companies
are important. 

By 2025, the U.S. will account for more than 62 of the global FinTech transaction
value. 

The worth of the global financial sector is expected to be 28.5 trillion
by 2025 with a 6 CAGR. 

75 of global consumers have used at least one fintech service to pay online
or using a mobile application. 

70 of U.S. customers say that mobile banking will represent the future. 

In 2022, the market's leading segment was digital payments, with a total
transaction value of 1.8 trillion. 

In the U.S., the number digital payment users is projected to be 307 million
by 2026. 

FinTech companies are not restricted to the
same degree by regulatory compliance nor antiquated systems with which the established financial services companies contend, although
governments at all levels are increasing their interest in the industry. These companies can concentrate on single purpose
solutions, which are designed to enhance the user s experience. In 2022, nearly two-thirds (65.3 percent) of the U.S. population
used a digital banking services. Additionally, in 2022, 97 of millennials indicated that they use mobile banking. 

The innovations taking place in FinTech can
be summarized in four categories: 

1. Peer-to-Peer P2P value exchanges Growth of applications has been stimulated by the popularity and use of social
networks. 

2. Applications with machine intelligence Automation becoming a necessity in the do-it-yourself environment. 

3. Data-driven services The ability to access data and data analytics is leading to more individualized products and lower pricing
of financial services. 

4. Less definition between physical and virtual worlds People are using financial services more in the virtual arena than in
visiting physical locations. 

Digital-only banking is growing. These banks offer virtual global
payments, P2P transfers and opportunities to buy and exchange Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. 

Blockchain, a distributed ledger technology, is also having a substantial
impact on global finance. The two fastest-growing segments of FinTech are blockchain and regulatory technology regtech ).
It is anticipated that blockchain technology will increase the global economy by 1.76 trillion by 2030. The largest economic impact will
be tracking and tracing products and services estimated at 962 billion. Payments and financial services will be impacted by an approximate
 433 billion. The sectors benefiting the most will be public administration, education and healthcare. The countries that will benefit
the most are anticipated to be China 440 billion) and the US 407 billion). 

The global P2P market size was valued at 1.9
trillion in 2020 and is projected to grow to 9 trillion by 2030. In 2022, the largest P2P money transfer service has an estimated transaction
volume of 1.4 trillion with 435 million users. There is evidence to support the primary uses of P2P money transfers is the exchange of
money between family and friends. 

4 

Table of Contents 

Artificial intelligence AI is projected to reduce bank operating costs by 22 by the year 2030. This could mean savings of approximately 1 trillion. AI in the banking
industry is well positioned to combat cybercrimes and financial fraud. Customer service in financial institutions is now being conducted
by AI chatbots and other smart systems. Chatbot interactions are expected to save operational costs in the banking industry 7.3 billion
globally by 2023. By 2025, Robo-advisors are expected to manage 16 trillion in assets. In the next 10 years, AI is anticipated to handle
95 of all customer interactions. 

Mobile payments were approximately 2 trillion
in 2021. The people using contactless payments in 2021 numbered 1.5 billion. In 2022, there were approximately 3.4 billion mobile wallet
users with this number expected to exceed 5.2 billion in 2026. As of 2022, mobile payments are used by more than 2 billion people globally,
growing by millions each year and mobile transactions comprised 89 of all banking transactions. App store spending was 167 billion worldwide
in 2022. 

With this as a backdrop, REGO Payment Architectures,
Inc. has identified an emerging need to market a financial platform that provides this generation with an alternative solution to traditional
banking and solves current limitations on their ability to safely transact using mobile payment solutions for both brick mortar
retail outlets and online shopping. Mazoola is that platform and along with providing the solution it teaches financial responsibility. 

The Company s Relationship to the Children s Online
Privacy Protection Act 

Though the Company does not target or collect the personal information
of the under 13 age group, and rather targets parents and families as a whole, the products must still be compliant with COPPA. The new
products will meet the requirements imposed by COPPA, including the recent amendments. The Company has gone further than dealing
with the federal rules by mapping all state-by-state statutes and regulations that deviate from the federal laws and thus have a complete
inter-state commerce view of the regulations that assure compliance for all participants in the system. 

To be compliant the Company has renewed its COPPA certification and
has received the GDPRkids TM Trustmark from PRIVO. PRIVO is an online privacy compliance company and with the certification
and Trustmark the Company has joined Privo s Kids Privacy Assured Program, which helps
companies navigate the online privacy landscape from COPPA and GDPR to the numerous student digital privacy laws,
in addition to offering compliant technology solutions that include youth registration, age verification, parental consent and account
management. 

Other Consumer Privacy Protection Legislation 

The Federal Trade Commission FTC has been very active, since as far back as 2003, in penalizing companies for non-compliance with privacy promises, with COPPA at the core
of the settlements. Possible penalties under COPPA provide for civil penalties of 42,350 per violation, however, the FTC considers many
factors when levying penalties. Among these are the ability of the company to stay in business after the penalty is imposed. Google and
YouTube paid a record 170 million in 2019 to settle civil penalties brought by the FTC. Musical.ly (TikTok) agreed to a settlement of
 5.7 million in February 2019. TechCrunch s Verizon-owned parent, Oath, created from the merging of AOL and Yahoo, has agreed to
pay approximately 5 million for violating COPPA in December 2018. The New York Attorney General has targeted Viacom, Mattel, JumpStart
and Hasbro for investigations related to COPPA compliance issues. In July 2021, Kuuhuub, Inc. was fined 3 million for violating COPPA.
Epic Games, Inc., the creator of the popular video game Fortnite, was recently fined in December 2022 275 million for COPPA violations. 

A number of foreign governments also have
either adopted or are considering data privacy and security regulations. For example, the EU has adopted GDPR, as was previously discussed. 
The Company s initial target is the U.S. However, the Company has been performing research on compliance issues in European countries
and is expanding its focus into the European market. With the GDPR Trustmark the Company is positioned to rapidly adapt to these new markets. 

In 2022 there were 511 GDPR fines that totaled
over 835 million. Among the top violators in 2022 were Meta/Facebook twice (totaling 670 million) and Clearview AI, Inc. several
times (totaling 68 million). 

5 

Table of Contents 

The Opportunity 

Gen Z and Gen Alpha are the core target users
of our mobile payment app, Mazoola 

As consumers, Gen Z and Gen Alpha have
deep pockets, but lack direct access to funds. 

Their spending power is significant and growing.
Gen Z has a combined buying power of 323 billion in direct spending. Over 70 of Gen Z say they influence family decisions around furniture,
household goods, food and beverages purchases. They are 2 times more likely to shop on mobile devices than Millennials. 

Social and digital learning is key to Gen
Z. 

85 of Gen Z uses social media to learn about
new products. 

Gen Z s financial future and global
impact has yet to be written. 

While 60 of Gen Z say a lot of money 
is a sign of success and 72 of Gen Z want to start a business one day, the details of how to make smart choices about money are not being
shared. In 2022, 20 states had enacted legislation or adopted resolutions regarding financial literacy and financial education issues.
Gen Z is primed for deep engagement around future-focused payments solutions, but the conversation and learning and introduction of new
financial technologies for this generation must occur within an experience that complements their values, interests and goals. To
this end, the financial literacy facilities built within our Platform target both the parent and the child. These built-in guidelines
will prepare children for the financial responsibilities they will have in the future and prepare them for the emerging digital economy. 

Our Solution 

Our goal, moving forward is to enable both
incumbent and new FinTech participants, as well as key verticals with a large base of family accounts, to provide their
consumers with safe and empowering youth money management and financial literacy content and tools via the mobile payment platform. 

While some of the REGO Platform can be easily duplicated/commoditized,
such as the app skin, APIs to retailers, APIs to financial infrastructure and cloud storage, we believe that defending our market position
rests on three factors: 

1. The ability to define data control settings from parent to child. 

Our approach to this opportunity uses a master account to
dictate purchase rules to sub-accounts via a hierarchical architecture. This approach adheres to data flow and privacy policy requirements
specifically outlined for COPPA compliance. We believe other approaches based on machine learning, or other artificial intelligence methodologies
are potentially viable alternatives but are likely too costly, do not meet current compliance timelines, and may defy the core of COPPA s
 opt-in parameters. There is considerable room for next-generation automation techniques to be layered on REGO s hierarchical
approach. Given its current stability and scalability metrics, the REGO Platform strongly features these advances in its technical development
roadmap without compromising any of its current data control performance. 

2. The ability to (mis) attribute the child s transaction and personal identification. 

REGO has solved this issue by masking user data and maintaining
separate identity and financial data flows. As a result, REGO can verify the age of the internet user through the transaction lifecycle
on its Platform. Authenticating and validating the identity of the actual user on the internet maintains one of the more difficult cybersecurity
challenges. Current approaches are mainly not for commercial use; however, there is investment in commercial innovation in this area.
REGO s data control features and its (mis)attribution approach is inextricably linked and a key to its scalability and extensibility. 

6 

Table of Contents 

3. The ability to disseminate transactional data on minors while remaining COPPA and GDPR compliant. 

The highest value data will be that which shows the most
nuanced detail afforded under current regulations. Without extreme data control features, such as in the REGO Platform, any lesser data
precision will be less valuable. 

These three factors are all supported by REGO s patented technology. 

REGO addresses hard industry problems such as: 

COPPA compliant technology with a key component being its ability to verify
the age of an internet user 

A master and sub-account architecture with the ability to administer user-specific
controls 

An advanced rules engine to provide strict automated compliance of the parental
rules for each child 

Near real-time buying behavior database on minors - anonymized geolocation,
age range and purchases 

Currently, we are targeting established brands
with large family-focused account bases including banks, telecommunication companies, faith-based organizations, media distributors,
mobile device Original Equipment Manufacturers OEMs ), and merchants. 

We are seeking partners that will leverage our Platform to: 

Buy vs. Build: Partners can license or revenue share
for their specific market or field of use a safe, compliant system, instead of building one on their own. 

Safety Security : Partners can safely engage a younger
consumer segment and their families with a new family friendly peer-to-peer-payment approach. Vendors will be explicitly protected
from non-compliant transactions and the underlying technology protects the privacy of the user. 

Youth Financial Literacy : Partners can expand their brand story
around empowerment and education of youth financial literacy while engaging their future customers with Gen Z, a digital
native population of post-millennial youth. 

The REGO Mazoola app and associated
digital wallet technology is designed to enable our partners to engage families with Gen Z and Gen Alpha youths through the leading money
management, transactional and financial literacy platform that enables young people to make smart decisions about the things they value
in life including their money, their time, their ideas and their connections. The Mazoola app enables a new way for
individual users to own and monetize their purchasing behavior that is currently unavailable to them. 

In addition, we are analyzing specific components
of our technology for individual monetization as well as exploring opportunities in the Business to Business B2B realm. 

Other markets for potential licensed applications
are: 

Government social services payments where control over how benefits
allowances are used is required. This is particularly necessary in some European countries where social benefits are not being used
as intended by the government or where benefits are subject to fraud. 

Closed network consumer to business (C2B)
and business to business (B2B). An example is school lunch programs where the consumer can make direct mobile payments to the provider s
point of sale (POS) terminal without the need to traverse the traditional merchant payment system. This reduces the cost per transaction
for the vendor and provides instant non-repudiated settlement. Many school lunch programs are now provided by large catering companies. 
This is particularly valuable as credit card fees, transaction fees and service fees can exceed 3 in overhead costs per transaction dependent
on the negotiated rate. Removing this overhead can have a significant positive financial impact on profitability. It also
allows the closed network to own its own behavioral use data thus obviating the need to pay a third party for the same data. 

7 

Table of Contents 

Our Intellectual Property 

Intellectual property is important to our
business. The Company has four issued patents with the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO ), entitled
 Parent Match, System and Method for Verifying the Age of an Internet User, System and Method for
Virtual Piggy Bank Wish-List and System and Method for Virtual Piggy Bank. The Company has filed for one
provisional U.S. patent application, as well as twelve non-provisional U.S. patent applications, one of which is pending, four of
which have been allowed, and seven of which have been abandoned. Additionally, the Company has been granted two
patents, entitled Virtual Piggy Bank and Parent Match, in each of Germany, Canada, and Australia. The
Company also has patents pending in the Republic of Korea under the Patent Cooperation Treaty PCT ). Costs
associated with the registration and legal defense of the patents have been capitalized and are amortized on a straight-line basis over
the estimated lives of the patents. 

The following are the names and brief descriptions
of our patents: 

Parent Match . A method of providing control
preferences set by a person for a second person who is a prospective Internet user, the method comprising the steps of establishing a
first account, the settings of the first account being stored in a database; establishing a second account, the settings of the second
account being stored in the database; linking the first and second accounts such that control settings of the second account are determined
through the first account; and viewing Internet content from the second account consistent with the control settings of the second account. 

System and Method for Virtual Piggy Bank . A
method of providing control preferences for a prospective Internet user, the method comprising the steps of establishing a first account,
the settings of the first account being stored in a database; establishing a second account, the settings of the second account being
stored in the database; linking the first and second accounts such that control settings of the second account are determined through
the first account; and making a purchase from the second account consistent with the control settings of the second account. 

System and Method for Verifying the Age
of an Internet User . A system and method of verifying the age of a prospective internet user, the method comprising creating
an age check account with a service requester; activating the age check system through the account; inputting into the age check system
a user s information; checking user s information by age check system; and notifying service requester of checked user s
information by the age check system. 

System and Method for Virtual Piggybank
Wish-List . A non-transitory computer-readable storage medium, storing one or more programs configured for execution, the one or more
programs for monitoring, transmitting, and recording usage of a computer or mobile device connected to a network, the one or more programs
including instructions for establishing a first account, the settings of the first account being stored in a database; establishing a
second account, the settings of the second account being stored in the database, wherein the second account includes a wish-list; linking
the first and second accounts such that control settings of the second account are determined through the first account; and making
a purchase from the wish-list of the second account consistent with the control settings of the second account. 

Until such time as the remaining pending patents
are awarded, if ever, we intend to also rely on trade secret protection and/or confidentiality agreements with our employees, customers,
business partners and others to protect our intellectual property rights. 

Furthermore, we have filed trademark applications
pertaining to our service with the USPTO, the European Community, and Canada and a service mark application for Mazoola The USPTO
has already granted us service mark registrations for Oink, Oink (stylized), PiggyPick, Virtual Piggy, Virtual Piggy and design (horizontal),
the PIG design, Parent Match, Quickconnect, Virtual Piggy Youth Empowered Parent Approved and Design, Youth Empowered. Parent Approved,
and Oink.com. The European Community has already granted us registration for Virtual Piggy, Virtual Piggy and Design, Virtual Piggy Youth
Empowered Parent Approved and Design, PiggyPick, Wishlist Wednesday, the PIG design, and the PIG design (alternative).
The Canadian Intellectual Property Office has already granted the registration for VP Authenticate. 

8 

Table of Contents 

Despite certain precautions taken by us, it
may be possible for third parties to obtain and use our intellectual property without authorization. This risk may be increased due to
the lack of patent and/or copyright protection. If any of our proprietary rights are misappropriated or we are forced to defend
our intellectual property rights, we will have to incur substantial costs. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion
of our resources, including diverting the time and effort of our senior management, and could disrupt our business, as well as have a
material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Management will from time to time determine
whether applying for and pursuing patent and copyright protection is appropriate for us. We have no guarantee that any applications will
be granted or, if awarded, whether they will offer us any meaningful protection from other companies in our business, or that we will
have the financial resources to oppose any actual or threatened infringement by any third party. Furthermore, any patent or
copyrights that we may be granted may be held by a court to infringe on the intellectual property rights of others and subject us to the
payment of damage awards. 

In addition, we cannot be certain that our technology will not
infringe upon patents, copyrights or other intellectual property rights held by third parties. While we know of no basis for any claims
of this type, the existence of and ownership of intellectual property can be difficult to verify, and we have not made an exhaustive search
of all patent filings. We may become subject to legal proceedings and claims from time to time relating to the intellectual property of
others in the ordinary course of our business. If we are found to have violated the intellectual property rights of others, we may be
enjoined from using such intellectual property, and we may incur licensing fees or be forced to develop alternative technology or obtain
other licenses. In addition, we may incur substantial expenses in defending against these third-party infringement claims and be diverted
from devoting time to our business and operational issues, regardless of the merits of any such claim. 

Research and Development 

During 2022 and 2021, our research and product
development expenses were approximately 2.1 million and 2.8 million, all of which were borne by us. 

Our Revenue Model 

Our ability to generate and grow revenue is affected by consumer spending
patterns, merchants and consumer adoption of digital payment methods. We are relying on the growth of mobile devices and the applications
that will be used by merchants and consumers on those devices, and the transition from cash and checks to digital forms of payment, including
cryptocurrencies. Our strategy to drive revenue in our business includes the following: 

Utilize our COPPA compliant platform to capitalize on mobile device applications 

License or enter into revenue sharing agreements around our technology for
use with compatible technologies focusing on digital forms of payment 

Utilize the blockchain component of the platform in conjunction with cryptocurrencies 

As of the date of this report, we have not generated significant revenue.
Our previous revenues were generated by taking a small percentage of every transaction from an online merchant. Until now this was our
only revenue source. As we proceed through 2023, we expect to seek additional revenue streams as follows: 

Private labeling licenses for: FinTech companies, telecommunication vendors,
distributors, and value-added resellers (VAR) 

User subscription fees based on premium services 

Transaction and processing fees for both closed and open network transactions 

Special services fees for ad hoc special requests 

Data analytics sales using algorithms to analyze use data for sale
to data brokers (meta data) 

Advertising revenue for context-based push messaging to subscribers 

Shared transaction revenue or rebates from banking partners 

On March 8, 2023, we entered into a Partner Acceleration Program Agreement
with Q2 Software, Inc. Q2 ). Pursuant to this agreement, we will integrate our certified COPPA-compliant white label Family
Wallet Banking-as-a-Platform into to Q2 s digital banking platform. The agreement will make our family wallet available to Q2 s
network of 450 financial institution customers to allow end-user customers of subscribing financial institutions to utilize our family
wallet. 

9 

Table of Contents 

Our Plan of Operation 

We launched our Mazoola app
in 2021. In 2022, the following enhancements were made: 

Added support for complex families 

Redesigned UI from the ground up 

Moved to React Native for a unified codebase for iOS and Android 

Simplified Peer-to-Peer 

Improved Fraud Prevention 

Switched to Mastercard's Finicity for connecting bank accounts 

Added Biometric Authentication 

Migrated ChoreCheck Users to Mazoola 

Capture Device Info to Simplify Support 

Created POC of Stock Investing Feature 

In addition to expanding the existing payment solution to a growing
US and global customer base, management believes there is robust demand for: 

1. A digital ecosystem for children embedded within a marketplace of service offerings, delivered via in-house technology and through
third party integrations super app ). The inherent fenced design and systems architecture of the Mazoola digital wallet
aligns well with the overall purpose and approach of a super app to offer a wide array of services within a controlled
environment on mobile operating systems, such as iOS and Android. 

2. Expanded in-application service modules such as investments, charitable giving, and financial literacy, as well as, the inclusion
of new marketplaces, health centers, and logistic/inventory management systems. 

3. Predictive analytic products and services based on REGO s anonymized data collection techniques. 

4. A two-sided platform of the REGO offering, MazoolaPay, which is currently in later stage development. This provides a way for retailers
to offer families a compliant payment offering when engaging in e-commerce transactions. 

Sales and Marketing Strategy 

In 2023, we are working with small and large
banks, credit unions and other channel providers for the adoption of our unique wallet for their family clients. Additionally, we are
also focusing on onboarding established brands with large family-focused account bases that would enable us to co-brand our platform and
reach the Gen Z and Gen Alpha population through the FinTech industry. The Company maintains its view that these channels are most
likely to provide rapid adoption of its technology across a broader industry segment. 

Seasonality 

Our new model should not be subject to seasonality. 

Competition 

The global payments industry is highly competitive.
There is a continuous introduction of new entrants into the market and the development of new technologies and product offerings in the
global payments industry, which is already highly competitive. It is continuously changing, highly innovative, and increasingly
subject to regulatory scrutiny and oversight. We compete against a wide range of businesses. Most of our current and potential competitors
may be larger than we are, have larger customer bases, greater brand recognition, longer operating histories, a dominant or more secure
position, or broader geographic scope than we do, or offer products and services that we do not offer. Although payment services such
as Zelle, Venmo, PayPal, Amex Bluebird, FamZoo and Visa Buxx can be viewed as our competitors, we do not believe that these provide the
type of family friendly solution that not only teaches young people about saving, spending, and giving, while being compliant with COPPA
and other laws that users of all ages need to be aware of, including but not limited to privacy, data collection, and security. We will
compete against many companies that are larger than we are in a wide range of businesses, including banks, credit card providers, technology
and ecommerce companies and traditional retailers. We will compete against various forms of payment methods including cash and checks,
credit and debit cards, automated clearing house, mobile payments and other online payment services. 

To compete effectively, we will focus a majority
of our 2023 resources on product distribution and licensing and technology and product development. 

10 

Table of Contents 

Government Regulation 

The industry which we serve is subject to
regulation by the FTC, laws such as COPPA, and other laws relating to collection, use, retention, and security. Complying with these varying
U.S. and international requirements, such as GDPR, could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices
in a manner adverse to our business. In addition, we have and post on our websites our own privacy policies and practices concerning the
collection, use and disclosure of user data. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with our posted privacy policies
or with any regulatory requirements or orders or other federal, state or international privacy or consumer protection-related laws and
regulations could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others, subject us to significant penalties
and negative publicity and adversely affect us. In addition, we are subject to the possibility of security breaches, which themselves
may result in a violation of these laws. 

The Company has added preventative measures
to reduce the risk of non-compliance and security breaches. However, as the Company utilizes third party infrastructure, the risk
of security breaches cannot be guaranteed but the Company has performed reasonable efforts to mitigate risk. 

Human Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 4 employees,
who were working in the areas of marketing, programming and product development, web development, finance and administration. None
of our employees are represented by a union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We believe that our relations with our employees
are good. 

We outsource our marketing efforts and most
of our product development costs. Our relationship with all of these vendors is good. 

Company Information 

Our website can be found on the Internet at
www.regopayments.com. The website contains information about the Company and our operations, however, the contents of our website are
not incorporated into this Form 10-K. We make available free of charge through a link on our website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports, as soon as we electronically file such
material with, or furnish such material to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). These reports may be accessed on our website
by following the link under Investor Relations and then clicking on SEC filings. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS . 

An investment in our common stock involves
a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to other information in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K before purchasing our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we currently deem to
be material and that we believe are specific to our company and our industry. In addition to these risks, our business may
be subject to risks currently unknown to us. If any of these or other risks actually occurs, our business may be adversely
affected, the trading price of our common stock may decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 

We have a history of losses, have yet to
begin generating significant revenue, will require additional capital, and our auditors have raised substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. 

We have experienced net losses in each fiscal
year since our inception and as of December 31, 2022, have an accumulated deficit of approximately 117.2 million. We incurred
net losses to common shareholders of approximately 17.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 and approximately
 11.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. As of March 31, 2023 we had a
cash position of approximately 5.2 million. Depending on the speed at which we begin to generate revenue, and to the degree
we continue to accelerate spending to take advantage of our market opportunity, we will need additional capital to execute our business
plan. As a result of these conditions, the report of our independent accountants issued in connection with the audit of our
financial statements as of and for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 contained a qualification raising a substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. 

11 

Table of Contents 

In order to execute our business plan and
pay expenses in connection with unforeseen events, we will need to raise additional capital, which may not be available on terms acceptable
to us, if at all. 

In order to execute our current business plan,
we will need to raise additional capital. The amount of funding required will be determined by many factors, some of which are beyond
our control, and we may require such funds sooner than currently anticipated or to cover unforeseen expenses. We expect that
any such funding will be raised through sales of our debt or equity securities. When raising additional funding, general market conditions
or the then-current market price of our common stock may not support capital-raising transactions. We have not made arrangements to obtain
additional financing and we can provide no assurance that additional financing will be available in an amount or on terms acceptable to
us, if at all. If we cannot raise funds when they are needed or if such funds cannot be obtained on acceptable terms, we may not be able
to (a) pay our costs and expenses as they are incurred, (b) execute our business plan, (c) take advantage of future opportunities, or
(d) respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated requirements, which may in the extreme case, require us to liquidate the Company.
This may seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are essentially a start-up company with
an unproven business model which makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects. 

We are essentially a start-up company introducing
new services and technologies. We are completing the development and rollout of our enhanced Platform, however, we have not
generated significant revenue. We expect to generate all of our future revenues from the development and marketing of our COPPA
compliant payment solution Platform to financial institutions and merchants. However, we have only a very limited operating history and
have not generated significant revenue upon which to base an evaluation of our current business and future prospects. Although
our management team has substantial experience in developing and managing businesses, they have never developed or offered such a technology
and there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop and market such technology. If we are unable to
fully develop and commercialize our Platform, or manage other challenges facing development stage companies, such as raising additional
capital, managing existing and expanding operations, and hiring qualified personnel, we may continue to be unprofitable or, in the extreme
case, be forced to cease operations. Before purchasing our common stock, you should consider an investment in our common stock in light
of the risks, uncertainties and difficulties frequently encountered by early-stage companies in new and evolving markets such as ours,
including those described herein. We may not be able to successfully address any or all of these risks. Failure to adequately
address such risks would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation and could cause our business
to fail. 

Our management has limited experience in
our relatively new industry, which may make it difficult for you to evaluate our business prospects. 

Our senior management does not have direct
experience in the online payment or retail industries. There can be no assurance that our management team will be successful
in working together to develop and market our Platform. In addition, the online payment industry is a relatively new industry. Although
there a number of online payment solutions, relatively few are directed specifically to the Under 18 market segment. 
You must consider our business prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we will encounter in the future in a new and rapidly evolving
industry. We may not be able to successfully address these risks and difficulties, which could materially harm our business prospects,
financial condition and results of operations. 

We are developing a service platform which
is new to the market and there is substantial uncertainty regarding the level of consumer and industry acceptance, if any, of our platform. 

Our Platform is intended to provide a solution
to certain financial institutions, website operators and online merchants. As we do not believe any provider is currently offering
such a solution, it is very difficult for us to predict the level of demand and market acceptance of our Platform by consumers or online
retailers. As regulations, consumer and industry preferences and trends evolve, there is a high degree of uncertainty about
whether users will value some or all of the key features which we are incorporating into the Platform. The failure of the marketplace
to deem our features desirable may discourage use of our Platform and limit our ability to generate any meaningful revenues or profits
which would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

12 

Table of Contents 

Fluctuations in demand for our Platform
may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We are subject to fluctuations in demand for
our Platform due to a variety of factors, including general economic conditions, including the possibility of a prolonged period of limited
economic growth or possible economic decline in the U.S.; competition; disruptions to the credit and financial markets in Europe, the
U.S., and elsewhere; contractions or limited growth in consumer spending or consumer credit; and adverse economic conditions that may
be specific to the Internet, ecommerce and payments industries. 

We are also subject to product obsolescence,
technological change, shifts in buying patterns, financial difficulties and budget constraints of current and potential customers, levels
of demand for virtual goods, awareness of security threats to IT systems, and other factors. While such factors may, in some periods,
increase revenues, fluctuations in demand can also negatively impact our revenues. 

If we do not remain
proactive with technological development to provide new products and services, the use of our services may not be adopted. 

Technological changes
impact the industries in which we operate, including developments in payment card tokenization, ecommerce through social networks, authentication
and virtual currencies. We cannot predict the effects of technological changes on our business. We expect that new services and technologies
applicable to the industries in which we operate will continue to emerge and may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies
we currently use in our products and services. Developing and incorporating new technologies into our products and services may require
substantial expenditures, take considerable time, and ultimately may not be successful. In addition, our ability to adopt new products
and services and to develop new technologies may be inhibited by industry-wide standards, payments networks, changes to laws and regulations,
resistance to change from consumers or merchants, third-party intellectual property rights, or other factors. Our success will depend
on our ability to develop and incorporate new technologies and adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards; if we are
unable to do so in a timely or cost-effective manner, our business could be harmed. 

Weak consumer spending may adversely affect
our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our ability to attract new users, and encourage
users to purchase items through our website, and use our payment services in times where consumer spending is weak could materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Undetected programming errors or flaws
in our Platform could harm our reputation or prevent market acceptance of the Platform which would materially and adversely affect our
business prospects, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 

The Platform may contain programming errors
or flaws, which may become apparent only after sustained use in the market. In addition, the Platform was developed using
programs and engines developed by and/or licensed from third party vendors, which may include programming errors or flaws over which we
have no control. If our users or partners have a negative experience with the Platform, related to or caused by undetected
programming errors or flaws, they may be less inclined to continue or resume use of the Platform or recommend the Platform to other potential
users. Undetected programming errors in the Platform can also cause our users or partners to cease using the Platform or delay market
acceptance of the Platform, either of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

13 

Table of Contents 

Our future growth is largely dependent
upon our ability to develop technologies that achieve market acceptance with acceptable margins. 

The markets for our products and services
are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new products and services and evolving industry standards.
Our ability to execute our business depends upon a number of factors, including our ability to identify emerging technological and market
trends in our target end-markets, develop and maintain competitive products, develop our Platform that differentiates our services from
those of our competitors, and develop and bring services to market quickly and cost-effectively. In addition, we will need to effectively
manage risks associated with new products and production ramp issues as well as risks that new products may have quality or other defects
in the early stages of introduction. The process of developing new high technology products, services and solutions and enhancing our
existing products is complex, costly and uncertain. Our ability to continually refine and successfully commercialize the Platform will
require substantial technological innovation and requires the investment of significant resources. These development efforts may not lead
to the ongoing evolution of the Platform on a timely basis or meet the needs of our customers as fully as competitive offerings. Any
failure by us to anticipate customers changing needs and emerging technology trends accurately could significantly harm our market
share and results of operations. In addition, the markets for our services may not develop or grow as we anticipate. The failure of our
products to gain market acceptance or their obsolescence due to more attractive offerings by competitors could significantly impact our
revenues and adversely affect our business, operations and financial results. 

Security breaches and other disruptions
could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 

The techniques used to
attempt to obtain unauthorized or illegal access to systems and information (including customers personal data), disable or degrade
service, exploit vulnerabilities, or sabotage systems are constantly evolving, and in some circumstances may not be recognized or detected
until after they have been launched against a target. Unauthorized parties have attempted, and we expect that they will continue to attempt,
to gain access to our systems or facilities through various means, including, but not limited to, hacking into our systems or facilities
or those of our customers, partners, or vendors, and attempting to fraudulently induce users of our systems (including employees and customers)
into disclosing user names, passwords, payment card information, or other sensitive information used to gain access to such systems or
facilities. This information may in turn be used to access our customers personal or proprietary information and payment data that
are stored on or accessible through our information technology systems and those of third parties with whom we partner. Numerous and evolving
cybersecurity threats, including advanced and persisting cyberattacks, cyberextortion, distributed denial-of-service attacks, ransomware,
spear phishing and social engineering schemes, the introduction of computer viruses or other malware, and the physical destruction of
all or portions of our information technology and infrastructure and those of third parties with whom we partner could compromise the
confidentiality, availability, and integrity of the data in our systems. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could
result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, and regulatory penalties,
disrupt our operations and the services we provide to customers, and damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence in our products
and services, which could adversely affect our business/operating margins, revenues and competitive position. 

Our plans are dependent upon key individuals
and the ability to attract qualified personnel, as well as our relationship with outside developers. 

In order to execute our business plan, we
will be dependent upon executives, as well as other key development personnel. The loss of any of the foregoing individuals
could have a material adverse effect upon our business prospects. Moreover, our success continues to depend to a significant extent on
our ability to identify, attract, hire, train and retain qualified professional, creative, technical and managerial personnel. Competition
for such personnel is intense, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in identifying, attracting, hiring, training and
retaining such personnel in the future. The competition for software developers, and technical directors is especially intense because
the software market has significantly expanded over the past several years. If we are unable to hire, assimilate and retain
such qualified personnel in the future, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. We
may also depend on third party contractors and other partners, to develop our Platform as well as any future enhancements thereto.
There can be no assurance that we will be successful in either attracting and retaining qualified personnel or creating arrangements with
such third parties. The failure to succeed in these endeavors would have a material adverse effect on our ability to consummate our business
plans. 

14 

Table of Contents 

Our business, results of operations and financial
condition may be adversely affected by public health epidemics, including the continuing effects of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic. 

The ultimate extent to
which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business, financial condition, and results of operations will depend on future developments, which
are highly uncertain, difficult to predict, and subject to change, including, but not limited to, the duration, scope, severity, proliferation
of variants and increase in the transmissibility of the virus, its impact on the global economy, actions taken to contain or limit the
impact of COVID-19, geographic variation in how countries and states are handling the pandemic, and how quickly and to what extent normal
economic and operating conditions may potentially resume. 

The COVID-19 pandemic
has adversely impacted and is likely to further adversely impact the operations of our customers, suppliers, vendors and other business
partners, and may adversely impact our results of operations in the future. Cross-border and domestic commerce may be adversely impacted
by measures taken by government authorities and businesses globally to contain and limit the spread of COVID-19, including travel restrictions,
border closures, quarantines, shelter in place and lock down orders, mask and social distancing requirements, and business limitations
and shutdowns. To the extent that such mitigation measures remain in place or are reinstated for significant periods of time, they may
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Actions that we have taken or may take in the future intended
to assist customers impacted by COVID-19 may negatively impact our results of operations. In particular, we have experienced and may continue
to experience adverse financial impacts from a number of operational factors, including, but not limited to: increased cybersecurity and
payment fraud risk; challenges to the availability and reliability of our products and services; and supply chain disruptions impacting
our business. 

While our business may
benefit from the shift from in-store shopping and traditional payment methods towards e-commerce and digital payments, to the extent that
customer preferences revert to pre-COVID-19 behaviors as the pandemic-related restrictions lessen, our business, financial condition,
and results of operations would be adversely impacted. 

The significant increase
in the number of our employees who are working remotely as a result of the pandemic, and an extended period of remote work arrangements
and subsequent reintroduction into the workplace could introduce operational risk, increase cybersecurity risk, strain our business continuity
plans, negatively impact productivity, and give rise to claims by employees or otherwise adversely affect our business. Additionally,
COVID-19 could require new or modified processes, procedures, and controls to respond to changes in our business environment. We may take
further actions as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers,
and business partners. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by COVID-19 or will otherwise
be satisfactory to government authorities. 

The impacts of COVID-19,
individually or collectively, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and
have the effect of heightening or exacerbating many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. 

RISKS RELATED TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY,
TECHNOLOGY AND REGULATION 

Our lack of patent and/or copyright protection
and any unauthorized use of the Platform by third parties may adversely affect our business. 

We have patents and have made patent applications
with the United States Patent and Trademark Office related to our Platform, which we rely on for protection to our technology. We
also rely on a combination of protections provided by contracts, including confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements, and common law
rights, such as trade secrets, to protect our intellectual property. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to
adequately protect our technology or other intellectual property from misappropriation in the U.S. and abroad. This risk may
be increased due to the lack of complete patent and/or copyright protection. Any patent issued to us could be challenged, invalidated
or circumvented or rights granted thereunder may not provide a competitive advantage to us. Furthermore, patent applications that we file
may not result in issuance of a patent or, if a patent is issued, the patent may not be issued in a form that is advantageous to us. Despite
our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, others may independently develop similar products, duplicate our products or
design around our patents and other rights. In addition, it is difficult to monitor compliance with, and enforce, our intellectual property
rights on a worldwide basis in a cost-effective manner. In jurisdictions where foreign laws provide less intellectual property protection
than afforded in the U.S. and abroad, our technology or other intellectual property may be compromised, and our business would be materially
adversely affected. If any of our proprietary rights are misappropriated or we are forced to defend our intellectual property rights,
we will have to incur substantial costs. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources,
including diverting the time and effort of our senior management, and could disrupt our business, as well as have a material adverse effect
on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. We can provide no assurance that we will have the
financial resources to oppose any actual or threatened infringement by any third party. Furthermore, any patents or copyrights
that we may be granted may be held by a court to infringe on the intellectual property rights of others and subject us to the payment
of damage awards. 

15 

Table of Contents 

We may be subject to claims with respect
to the infringement of intellectual property rights of others, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of our financial
and management resource s. 

Third parties may claim that we are infringing
on their intellectual property rights. We may violate the rights of others without our knowledge. We may expose ourselves to additional
liability if we agree to indemnify our clients against third party infringement claims. While we know of no basis for any claims
of this type, the existence of and ownership of intellectual property can be difficult to verify, and we have not made an exhaustive search
of all patent filings. Additionally, most patent applications are kept confidential for twelve to eighteen months, or longer, and we would
not be aware of potentially conflicting claims that they make. We may become subject to legal proceedings and claims from time to time
relating to the intellectual property of others in the ordinary course of our business. If we are found to have violated the intellectual
property rights of others, we may be enjoined from using such intellectual property, and we may incur licensing fees or be forced to develop
alternative technology or obtain other licenses. In addition, we may incur substantial expenses in defending against these third-party
infringement claims and be diverted from devoting time to our business and operational issues, regardless of the merits of any such claim.
In addition, in the event that we recruit employees from other technology companies, including certain potential competitors, and these
employees are used in the development of portions of the Platform which are similar to the development in which they were involved at
their former employers, we may become subject to claims that such employees have improperly used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary
information. If any such claims were to arise in the future, litigation or other dispute resolution procedures might be necessary
to retain our ability to offer our current and future services, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of our financial
and management resources. Successful infringement or licensing claims against us may result in substantial monetary damages, which may
materially disrupt the conduct of our business and have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and
results of operations. Even if intellectual property claims brought against us are without merit, they could result in costly and time-consuming
litigation, and may divert our management and key personnel from operating our business. 

The impact of laws regulating financial
institutions may adversely impact our business. 

The impact of laws regulating financial institutions,
including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act may adversely impact our business as a result of our reliance
on merchants to provide services for our Platform. 

Changes to payment card networks or bank
fees, rules, or practices could harm our business and, if we do not comply with the rules, could result in the termination of our ability
to accept credit cards . If we are unable to accept credit cards, our competitive position would be seriously damaged. 

We may belong to or directly access payment
card networks, such as Visa, MasterCard and the National Automated Clearing House Association NACHA ), in order to accept
or facilitate the processing of credit cards and debit cards (including some types of prepaid cards) for merchants. We also
expect to rely on banks or other payment processors to process transactions and must pay fees for this service. From time to
time, payment card networks have increased, and may increase in the future, the interchange fees and assessments that they charge for
each transaction using one of their cards. Generally, payment card processors have the right to pass any increases in interchange fees
and assessments on to payment systems like ours as well as increase their own fees for processing. Changes in interchange fees and assessments
could increase our operating costs and reduce profit margins, if any. In addition, in some markets, governments have required
Visa and MasterCard to reduce interchange fees or have opened investigations as to whether Visa or MasterCard's interchange fees and practices
violate antitrust law. The financial reform law enacted in 2010 authorizes the Federal Reserve Board to regulate debit card
interchange rates and debit card network exclusivity provisions, and the Federal Reserve Board has proposed rules that include caps on
debit card interchange fees at significantly lower rates than Visa or MasterCard currently charge. We expect to be required
by our processors to comply with payment card network operating rules, which generally include the obligation to reimburse processors
for any fines they are assessed by payment card networks as a result of any rule violations by users of our Platform. The payment
card networks set and interpret the card rules which could be more difficult or expensive to comply with. We also expect to
be required to comply with payment card networks' special operating rules for Internet payment services. Some of these rules may be difficult
or even impossible for us to comply with. If we are unable to comply with these rules, we may be subject to fines for any failure to comply
with such rules or we may lose our ability to gain access to the credit card associations or NACHA. 

16 

Table of Contents 

Any capacity constraints or system disruptions,
including natural disasters could have a material adverse effect on our business . 

Our business will rely significantly on Internet
technologies and infrastructure. Therefore, the performance and reliability of our Internet sites and network infrastructure will be critical
to our ability to attract and retain users, merchants and strategic partners. Any system error, outage or failure, or a sudden
and significant increase in traffic, may result in the unavailability of sites and significantly delay response times. Individual
sustained or repeated occurrences could result in a loss of potential or existing users. Our systems and operations will be
vulnerable to interruption or malfunction due to certain events beyond our control, including natural disasters, international diseases,
telecommunications failures and computer hacking. We will also rely on Web browsers and online service providers to provide
Internet access to our sites. There can be no assurance that we will be able to expand our network infrastructure, either alone or through
the use of third-party hosting systems or service providers, on a timely basis sufficient to meet demand. Our operations and
services depend on the extent to which our computer equipment and the computer equipment of our third-party network providers is protected
against damage from fire, earthquakes, terrorist acts, natural disasters, computer viruses, unauthorized entry, power loss, telecommunications
failures, and similar events. Despite precautions taken by us and our third-party network providers, over which we have no
control, a natural disaster, infectious disease, or other unanticipated problems at our headquarters or a third-party provider could cause
interruptions in the services that we provide. If disruptions occur, we may have no means of replacing these network elements on
a timely basis or at all. Any accident, incident, system failure, or discontinuance of operations involving our network or
a third-party network that causes interruptions in our operations could have a material adverse effect on our ability to provide services
to our partners and customers and, in turn, on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our business will be dependent upon broadband
carriers. 

We will rely on broadband providers to provide
high speed data communications capacity to our customers. We may experience disruptions or capacity constraints in these broadband services. If
disruptions or capacity constraints occur, we may have no means of replacing these services, on a timely basis or at all. In
addition, broadband access may be limited or unavailable in certain areas, thereby reducing our potential market. 

Use of our services
for illegal purposes could be detrimental to our business. 

Our payment system is
susceptible to potentially illegal use. Use of our payment system for illegal or improper purposes could subject us to claims, such
as individual and class action lawsuits, and government and regulatory investigations, inquiries or requests that could result in potential
liability. Increased penalties for intermediaries providing payment services for certain illegal activities have become more prevalent. 
Any threatened or resulting claims could result in a material adverse effect on our business. 

17 

Table of Contents 

We may be subject to credit card transaction
fraud. 

Our business model depends upon the processing
of credit cards and may include the sale of gift cards. In cases where we are the merchant of record on a gift card sale, we
could be held financially responsible for the value of gift cards which are purchased using a fraudulent or stolen credit card. While
we use software and safeguards to ensure that credit cards we accept are valid, there can be no assurance that credit card fraud will
not occur. In addition, in the case of transactions where our merchant is in the United States and is the merchant of record,
we are not generally responsible for credit card fraud. However, given that our business will be dependent on the successful
processing of credit cards and payment solutions, fraudulent processing could have an adverse effect on our merchant relationships and
could result in liability. Additionally, other countries have varying rules on who the responsible party would be in certain
variations of credit card or other payment fraud. While we are researching such international policies and rules, as necessary,
and are implementing safeguards to minimize risk, there can be no assurance that we will not incur liability relating to credit card or
other payment fraud. 

If we are unable to effectively protect
our intellectual property rights on a worldwide basis, we may not be successful in the planned international expansion of our Platform. 

Access to worldwide markets depends in part
on the strength of our intellectual property portfolio. There can be no assurance that, as our business expands into new areas, we will
be able to independently develop the technology, software or know-how necessary to conduct our business or that we can do so without infringing
the intellectual property rights of others. To the extent that we have to rely on licensed technology from others, there can be no assurance
that we will be able to obtain licenses at all or on terms we consider reasonable. The lack of a necessary license could expose us to
claims for damages and/or injunction from third parties, as well as claims for indemnification by our customers in instances where we
have a contractual or other legal obligation to indemnify them against damages resulting from infringement claims. Regarding our own intellectual
property, we intend to actively enforce and protect our rights to the extent practicable. However, there can be no assurance that our
efforts will be adequate to prevent the misappropriation or improper use of our protected technology in international markets. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK 

If we are unable successfully to manage
growth, our operations could be adversely affected. 

Our progress is expected to require the full
utilization of our management, financial and other resources, which to date has occurred with limited working capital. Our ability to
manage growth effectively will depend on our ability to improve and expand operations, including our financial and management information
systems, and to recruit, train and manage sales personnel. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage growth
effectively. If we do not properly manage the growth of our business, we may experience significant strains on our management
and operations and disruptions in our business. Various risks arise when companies and industries grow quickly. If our business or industry
grows too quickly, our ability to meet customer demand in a timely and efficient manner could be challenged. We may also experience development
delays as we seek to meet increased demand for our products. Our failure to properly manage the growth that we or our industry
might experience could negatively impact our ability to execute on our operating plan and, accordingly, could have an adverse impact on
our business, our cash flow and results of operations, and our reputation with our current or potential customers. 

As a public company, we are required to
incur substantial expenses. 

We are subject to the periodic reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act, which requires, among other things, review, audit, and public reporting of our financial results, business activities,
and other matters. SEC regulations, including regulations enacted as a result of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, have also substantially
increased the accounting, legal, and other costs related to compliance with SEC reporting obligations. If we do not have current information
about our Company available to market makers, they will not be able to trade our stock. The public company costs of preparing and filing
annual and quarterly reports, and other information with the SEC will cause our expenses to be higher than they would be if we were
privately held. These increased costs may be material and may include the hiring of additional employees and/or the retention
of additional advisors and professionals. Our failure to comply with the federal securities laws could result in private or governmental
legal action against us and/or our officers and directors, which could have a detrimental effect on our business and finances, the value
of our stock, and the ability of stockholders to resell their stock. 

18 

Table of Contents 

We operate in a highly competitive industry
and compete against many large companies. 

Many companies worldwide are dedicated to
providing online payment solutions including mobile payments, electronic funds transfer networks, cross-border access to networks, prepaid
cards, bill pay networks and other online and offline payment methods. The market in which we operate is characterized by numerous
and larger competitors, including PayPal, credit card companies, and credit card processors that offer services to online retailers, rapid
technological changes, and intense competition. We expect more companies to enter the online payment business, particularly
the segment aimed at serving the Under 18 demographic. Most if not all of these competitors have longer operating
histories, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing, customer service and other resources, and greater name recognition than
us. As a result, they may respond to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements faster and more effectively
than we can. If any current online payment solution develops a COPPA compliant service, it would be substantially more difficult
for us to introduce and distribute our Platform to the market, and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be
materially and adversely affected. 

Our strategic alternatives process may
not result in a successful corporate transaction or liquidity event. 

Our Board of Directors is continually exploring
our strategic alternatives. Any process of exploring strategic alternatives includes market risk and other uncertainties. There
can be no assurance that an exploration of strategic alternatives will result in the successful consummation of a liquidity event, capital
raise or other corporate transaction, on a basis that will provide any specific level of value to our common stockholders or other security
holders, or at all. On September 22, 2022 the Company engaged an investment banker to explore a potential sale of the Company.
We have also engaged a mergers and acquisitions law firm and remain committed to the exploration and assessment of our strategic alternatives. 

Trading in our common stock has been limited,
there is no significant trading market for our common stock, and purchasers of our common stock may be unable to sell their shares. 

Our common stock is currently eligible for
quotation on the OTC QB, however trading to date has been limited. If activity in the market for shares of our common stock does
not increase, purchasers of our shares may find it difficult to sell their shares. We currently do not meet the initial listing
criteria for any registered securities exchange, including the Nasdaq Stock Market. The OTC Bulletin Board is a less recognized
market than the foregoing exchanges and is often characterized by low trading volume and significant price fluctuations. These
and other factors may further impair our stockholders ability to sell their shares when they want to and/or
could depress our stock price. As a result, stockholders may find it difficult to dispose of, or obtain accurate quotations of the
price of our securities because smaller quantities of shares could be bought and sold, transactions could be delayed, and security analyst
and news coverage of our Company may be limited. These factors could result in lower prices and larger spreads in the bid and
ask prices for our shares of common stock. 

We may not be able to qualify to have our
common stock listed on a national stock exchange. 

The Company s common stock currently
trades on the Over the Counter Market OTC QB in the United States. Listing requirements for exchanges such
as NASDAQ include financial and trading requirements that, as of December 31, 2022 the Company does not meet. The listing process
can be lengthy, discretionary, and ultimately must include meeting financial and trading requirements. There can be no assurance
that the Company will ever be listed on a national stock exchange. Currently, the Company does not qualify for listing based
on its stock price, among other things. Therefore, certain institutional investors may not be able to purchase the Company s common
stock as a result of their own ownership guidelines and liquidity in the Company s common stock would remain more limited. Further,
the Company s ability to raise money through subsequent offerings of its common stock will be more limited if the Company is not
able to list on a national exchange. 

19 

Table of Contents 

Applicable SEC rules governing the trading
of penny stocks may limit the trading and liquidity of our common stock which may affect the trading price of our common
stock. 

Our common stock is a penny stock 
as defined under Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act and is accordingly subject to SEC rules and regulations that impose limitations upon
the manner in which our common stock can be publicly traded. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a per
share price of less than 5.00 (other than securities registered on some national securities exchanges or quoted on NASDAQ). The penny
stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized
risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The
broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer
and its salesperson in the transaction, and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact
and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny
stock held in the customer s account. In addition, broker-dealers who sell these securities to persons other than established
customers and accredited investors must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment
for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. Consequently, these requirements
may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, of our common stock and reducing the liquidity of an investment
in our common stock. 

We have outstanding shares of preferred
stock with rights and preferences superior to those of our common stock. 

The issued and outstanding shares of Series
A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock and Series B Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, and the authorized but unissued shares of
Series C Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, grant the holders of such preferred stock anti-dilution, voting, dividend and liquidation
rights (including liquidation multiples) that are superior to those held by the holders of our common stock. In addition, upon the
issuance or deemed issuance of additional shares of common stock in the future for a price below the applicable preferred stock conversion
price (currently 0.90 per share), the conversion price of the Series A and Series B Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock will be lowered
based on a weighted average formula, and the conversion price of the Series C Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock will be lowered based
on a full-ratchet formula for twelve months from the original authorization date and pursuant to a weighted average formula thereafter,
all of which will have the effect of immediately diluting the holders of our common stock. 

Sales of a substantial number of shares
of our common stock in the public market originally issued through the conversion of preferred stock, exercise of options or warrants,
or additional financing transactions could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and would have a dilutive effect upon
our shareholders. 

Historically, our common stock has been thinly traded. This low trading
volume may have had a significant effect on the market price of our common stock, which may not be indicative of the market price in a
more liquid market. As of March 31, 2023, options for the purchase of 16,500,000 shares of our
common stock were outstanding and 62,100,904 shares of common stock were issuable upon conversion of our outstanding Series A and B Cumulative
Convertible Preferred Stock and 10 Secured Convertible Notes Payable convertible into Series B and 4 Secured Convertible Notes Payable
convertible into Series C Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common
stock in the public market originally issued through the conversion of convertible notes, preferred stock, exercise of options or warrants,
or additional financing transactions could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

We intend to raise additional funds in
the future through issuances of securities and such additional funding may be dilutive to shareholders or impose operational restrictions. 

We intend to raise additional capital in the
future to help fund our operations through sales of shares of our common stock or securities convertible into shares of our common stock,
as well as issuances of debt. Such additional financing may be dilutive to our shareholders, and debt financing, if available,
may involve the pledge of security interests in our assets, and restrictive covenants, which may limit our operating flexibility. If
additional capital is raised through the issuances of shares of our common stock or securities convertible into shares of our common stock,
the percentage ownership of existing shareholders will be reduced. These shareholders may experience additional dilution in net book value
per share and any additional equity securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of the holders of our common
stock. 

20 

Table of Contents 

Because we do not expect to pay dividends
in the foreseeable future, investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase shares of common stock. 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common
stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the expansion of our business. As a result, we do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors
after taking into account various factors, including but not limited to our financial condition, operating results, cash needs, growth
plans and the terms of any credit agreements that we may be a party to at the time. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales
of their shares, after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any return on their investment. Investors
seeking cash dividends should not purchase our shares. 

We are not subject to certain corporate
governance provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and without voluntary compliance with such provisions, our shareholders will not
receive the benefits and protections they were enacted to provide. 

Since our common stock is not listed for trading
on a national securities exchange, we are not subject to certain of the corporate governance requirements established by the national
securities exchanges pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. These include rules relating to independent directors, and independent
director nomination, audit and compensation committees. Unless we voluntarily elect to comply with those obligations, investors
in our shares will not have the protections offered by those corporate governance provisions. 

We will be required to remain current in
our filings with the SEC or our securities will not be eligible for continued quotation on the OTC QB. 

We are required to remain current in our filings
with the SEC in order for our shares of common stock to continue to be eligible for quotation on the OTC QB. In the event that we become
delinquent in our required filings with the SEC, quotation of shares of our common stock will be terminated following a 30-day grace period
if we do not make our required filing during that time. In such an event purchasers of our common stock may find it difficult
to sell their common stock. 

If we issue shares of preferred stock with
superior rights to the shares of common stock, it could result in a decrease in the value of our common stock and delay or prevent a change
in control of us. 

Our board of directors is authorized to issue
up to 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such rights, designation, and preferences as determined by our board of directors. As
of the date of this report, we have 269,279 shares of preferred stock outstanding (consisting
of 98,350 shares of Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock and 170,929
shares of Series B Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock), authorized the issuance of up to 300,000 shares of Series C Cumulative Convertible
Preferred Stock, and 1,730,721 preferred shares remain unissued. Our board of directors
has the power to establish the dividend rates, liquidation preferences, voting rights, redemption and conversion terms and privileges
with respect to any series of preferred stock without shareholder approval. Depending upon our future financial needs, our board may,
in the exercise of its business discretion, determine to issue additional shares of preferred stock having rights superior to those of
our common stock which may result in a decrease in the value or market price of such shares. Holders of such preferred stock may have
the right to receive dividends, certain preferences in liquidation and conversion rights. The issuance of preferred stock could, under
certain circumstances, have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us without further vote or action by
the stockholders and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders of the shares of our common stock. 

Provisions of our certificate of incorporation,
bylaws and Delaware law may make a contested takeover of our Company more difficult. 

Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation,
bylaws and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware ("DGCL") could deter a change in our management or render more
difficult an attempt to obtain control of us, even if such a proposal is favored by a majority of our stockholders. For example, we are
subject to the provisions of the DGCL that prohibit a public Delaware corporation from engaging in a broad range of business combinations
with a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns 15 or more of the corporation s outstanding voting shares (an
"interested stockholder") for three years after the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination
is approved in a prescribed manner. Our certificate of incorporation also includes undesignated preferred stock, which may
enable our board of directors to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a tender offer, proxy contest, merger or otherwise.
Finally, our bylaws include an advance notice procedure for stockholders to nominate directors or submit proposals at a stockholders 
meeting. Delaware law and our charter may therefore inhibit a takeover. 

21 

Table of Contents 

The influx of additional shares of our
common stock onto the market pursuant to SEC Rule 144 may create downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock. 

A material percentage of the currently
outstanding shares of our common stock were issued as restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. As restricted securities, these shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration
statement, under the requirements of Rule 144, or other applicable exemptions from registration under the Act and applicable state securities
laws. Generally, Rule 144 provides that a person who has held restricted securities for a prescribed period may, under certain
conditions, publicly resell such shares. Under Rule 144, a non-affiliate (i.e., a stockholder who has not been an officer, director or
control person for at least 90 consecutive days) may freely resell restricted securities issued by a reporting company so long as such
securities have been held by the owner for a period of at least one year, or under certain circumstances six months. The availability
of a large number of shares for sale to the public under Rule 144 and the sale of such shares in public markets could have an adverse
effect on the market price of our common stock. 

We may require shareholders to authorize
additional shares for us to properly finance our business. 

Upon the Company s formation, and through
a subsequent approval, our shareholders authorized and approved 230,000,000 shares of common stock. Currently, only approximately
27.6 million of such shares remain available for issuance. To finance and continue to grow our business, we will require additional capital
and have historically relied upon the issuance of common stock, or securities convertible into common stock, for such financing. 
Should our shareholders be unwilling to approve a sufficient increase in the number of our authorized shares of common stock, we would
be required to finance our business with debt or other instruments, which may be difficult or impossible to secure on terms acceptable
to us. If that were to occur, we may not be able to (a) pay our costs and expenses as they are incurred, (b) execute our business
plan, (c) take advantage of future opportunities, or (d) respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated requirements, which may in
the extreme case, require us to liquidate the Company. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Management s judgment could impact
the amount of non-cash compensation expense. 

To estimate the fair value of our stock option
awards we currently use the Black-Scholes options pricing model. The determination of the fair value of equity-based awards on the date
of grant using an options pricing model is affected by our current stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and
subjective variables. Management is required to make certain judgments for these variables which include the expected stock price volatility
over the term of the awards, the expected term of options based on employee exercise behaviors, and the risk-free interest rate. One of
the factors used in determining such value is stock volatility. Because of the limited trading activity of our common stock,
prior to January 1, 2014, we used the stock volatility of four peer companies. To the extent that we used different peer companies
to measure volatility, a different stock volatility factor may have resulted which would have caused a different stock valuation and a
related increase or decrease in non-cash compensation expense. Beginning January 1, 2014, volatility in all instances presented
is the Company s estimate of volatility that is based on the historical volatility of the Company s stock price. If
actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and judgments used in estimating key assumptions, in future periods, the stock
option expense that we record for future grants may differ significantly from what we have recorded in the current period. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS . 

None. 

22 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES . 

Our principal offices are currently located
at 325 Sentry Parkway, Blue Bell, PA 19422, and are leased on a month- to-month basis at 400 per month. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS . 

We are not a party to any pending legal proceedings, nor
are we aware of any governmental authority contemplating any legal proceeding against us. 

In September 2014, the Company received a
subpoena from the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to the preservation and production of documents relating to an investigation
into trading in the Company s stock. The subpoena states that it should not be construed as an indication by the Securities
and Exchange Commission that any violation of law has occurred, nor as a reflection upon any person, entity or security. The Company
has been cooperating fully with the terms of the subpoena. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES . 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR
REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES . 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTC QB market
under the trading symbol RPMT.OB . There was only sporadic and intermittent trading activity of our common stock. The
quoted prices on the OTC QB represent only prices between dealers on each trading day as submitted from time to time by certain of the
securities dealers wishing to trade in our common stock, do not reflect retail mark-ups, mark-downs or commissions, and may not represent,
or differ substantially from, prices in actual transactions. 

Common Stockholders 

As
of March 31, 2023 our shares of Common Stock were held by 141 stockholders of record. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never declared or paid a cash dividend.
At this time, we do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. The declaration and payment of dividends is subject to
the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our earnings (if any), our financial condition, and our capital requirements. 

Purchases of equity securities by the issuer
and affiliated purchasers 

The Company did not repurchase any common
stock in the fourth quarter of 2022. 

Sales of unregistered securities 

During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company
issued 80,338 shares of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock and received proceeds of 7,230,400 in a private placement to accredited
investors under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. See Note 12 of the financial statements contained herein for a description of the
terms of the Series B Preferred Stock. 

Transfer Agent 

Our Transfer Agent is Securities Transfer Corporation, and their address
and phone number are 2901 N. Dallas Parkway, Suite 380, Plano, Texas 75093, (469) 633-0101. 

23 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

Not required. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS . 

This Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations and other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. All forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based
on information available to us on the date hereof, and except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking
statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result
of a number of factors in Item 1A Risk Factors herein. The following should be read in conjunction with our annual
financial statements contained elsewhere in this report. 

Overview 

REGO Payment Architectures, Inc. is a provider of consumer software
that delivers a mobile payment platform Mazoola - a family focused mobile banking solution. Headquartered in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania,
the Company maintains a portfolio of trade secrets and four US patent awards. REGO offers an all-digital financial payments platform to
enable minors, particularly under 13 years old, to transact, complete chores and learn in a secure online environment guided by parental
permission, oversight, and control, while remaining COPPA and GDPR compliant. 

COPPA applies not only to websites and mobile apps. It can apply to
a growing list of connected devices that is included in the Internet of Things. Some of these include toys and products that could collect
personal information, such as voice recordings or geolocation information. Non-compliance with COPPA 

has meant substantial fines for many violators. 

Management believes that by building on its COPPA compliance advantage,
the future of REGO Payment Architectures, Inc. will be based on the foundational architecture of its software platform (the Platform that will allow its use across multiple financial markets where secure controlled payments are needed. The Company intends to license
in each alternative field of use the ability for its partners, distributors and/or value-added resellers to private label each of the
alternative markets. These partners will deploy, customize and support each implementation under their own label, but with acknowledgement
of the Company s proprietary intellectual assets as the base technology. Management believes this approach will enable the Company
to reduce marketing expenses while broadening its reach. 

Further, California passed the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA on June 28, 2018. CCPA gives consumers (defined as natural citizens who are California residents) four rights relative
to their personal information as follows: 

the right to know, through a general privacy policy and with more specifics
available upon request, what personal information a business has collected about them, where it was sourced from, what it is being used
for, whether it is being disclosed or sold, and to whom it is being disclosed or sold; 

the right to opt out of allowing a business to sell their personal
information to third parties (or, for consumers who are under 16 years old, the right not to have their personal information sold absent
their, or their parent s, opt-in); 

the right to have a business delete their personal information, with some
exceptions; and 

the right to receive equal service and pricing from a business, even if they
exercise their privacy rights under the CCPA. 

With respect to the evolving CCPA, the Company has designed its Platform
and app to be in compliance. 

24 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, the European Parliament and Council agreed upon the General
Data Protection Regulation GDPR in April 2016, to replace the Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC. This is the primary
law regulating how companies protect European Union EU citizens personal data. GDPR became effective on May 25,
2018. Companies that fail to achieve GDPR compliance are subject to severe fines and penalties. 

GDPR requirements apply to each member state of the European Union,
aiming to create more consistent protection of consumer and personal data across EU nations. Some of the key privacy and data protection
requirements of the GDPR include: 

Requiring the consent of subjects for data processing 

Anonymizing collected data to protect privacy 

Providing data breach notifications 

Safely handling the transfer of data across borders 

Requiring certain companies to appoint a data protection officer to oversee
GDPR compliance 

In short, the handling of EU citizens data is mandated by GDPR
using a baseline set of standards for companies that are designed to better safeguard the processing and movement of personal data. The
Company has designed its Platform and app to be in compliance with GDPR, and has received the GDPRkidsTM Trustmark from PRIVO. 

Revenues generated from the Platform will come from multiple sources
depending on the level of service and facilities requested. There will be levels of subscription revenue paid monthly, service fees, transaction
fees and in some cases, revenue sharing and licensing with banking and distribution partners. 

Our goal, moving forward, is to enable both incumbent and new financial
technology FinTech participants, as well as key verticals with a large base of family accounts, to provide
their consumers with safe and empowering youth money management and financial literacy content and tools via the mobile payment platform. 

While some of the REGO Platform can be easily duplicated/commoditized,
such as the app skin, APIs to retailers, APIs to financial infrastructure and cloud storage, we believe that defending our market position
rests on three factors: 

1. The ability to define data control settings from parent to child. 

Our approach to this opportunity uses a master account to
dictate purchase rules to sub-accounts via a hierarchical architecture. This approach adheres to data flow and privacy policy requirements
specifically outlined for COPPA compliance. We believe other approaches based on machine learning, or other artificial intelligence methodologies
are potentially viable alternatives but are likely too costly, do not meet current compliance timelines, and may defy the core of COPPA s
 opt-in parameters. There is considerable room for next-generation automation techniques to be layered on REGO s hierarchical
approach. Given its current stability and scalability metrics, the REGO Platform strongly features these advances in its technical development
roadmap without compromising any of its current data control performance. 

2. The ability to (mis)attribute the child s transaction and personal identification. 

REGO has solved this issue by masking user data and maintaining
separate identity and financial data flows. As a result, REGO can verify the age of the internet user through the transaction lifecycle
on its Platform. Authenticating and validating the identity of the actual user on the internet remains one of the more difficult cybersecurity
challenges. Current approaches are mainly not for commercial use; however, there is investment in commercial innovation in this area.
REGO s data control features and its (mis)attribution approach are inextricably linked and a key to its scalability and extensibility. 

3. The ability to disseminate transactional data on minors while remaining COPPA and GDPR compliant. 

25 

Table of Contents 

The highest value data will be that which shows the most
nuanced detail afforded under current regulations. Without extreme data control features, such as in the REGO Platform, any lesser data
precision will be less valuable. 

These three factors are all supported by REGO s patented technology. 

REGO addresses hard industry problems such as: 

COPPA compliant technology with a key component being its ability to verify
the age of an internet user 

A master and sub-account architecture with the ability to administer user-specific
controls 

An advanced rules engine to provide strict automated compliance of the parental
rules for each child 

Near real-time buying behavior database on minors - anonymized geolocation,
age range and purchases 

Currently, we are targeting established brands with large family-focused
account bases including banks, telecommunication companies, faith-based organizations, media distributors, mobile device Original
Equipment Manufacturers OEMs ), and merchants. 

We are seeking partners that will leverage our Platform to: 

Buy vs. Build: Partners can license or revenue share for their
specific market or field of use a safe, compliant system, instead of building one on their own. 

Safety Security: Partners can safely engage a younger
consumer segment and their families with a new family friendly peer to peer payments approach. Vendors will be explicitly protected from
non-compliant transactions and the underlying technology protects the privacy of the user. 

Youth Financial Literacy: Partners can expand their brand story
around empowerment and education of youth financial literacy while engaging their future customers with Gen Z, a digital
native population of post-millennial youth. 

The REGO Mazoola app and associated digital wallet technology
is designed to enable our partners to engage families with Gen Z and Gen Alpha youths through a money management, transactional and financial
literacy platform that enables young people to make smart decisions about the things they value in life including their money,
their time, their ideas and their connections. The Mazoola app enables a new way for individual users to own and monetize their purchasing
behavior that is currently unavailable to them. 

In addition, we are analyzing specific components of our technology
for individual monetization as well as exploring opportunities in the Business to Business B2B realm. 

Other markets for potential licensed applications are: 

Government social services payments where control over how benefits allowances
are used is required. This is particularly necessary in some European countries where social benefits are not being used as intended by
the government or where benefits are subject to fraud. 

Closed network consumer to business (C2B) and business to business (B2B).
An example is school lunch programs where the consumer can make direct mobile payments to the provider s point of sale (POS) terminal
without the need to traverse the traditional merchant payment system. This reduces the cost per transaction for the vendor and provides
instant non-repudiated settlement. Many school lunch programs are now provided by large catering companies. This is particularly valuable
as credit card fees, transaction fees and service fees can exceed 3 in overhead costs per transaction dependent on the negotiated rate.
Removing this overhead can have significant positive financial impact on profitably. It also allows the closed network to own its own
behavioral use data thus obviating the need to pay a third party for the same data. 

26 

Table of Contents 

We believe that our near-term success will depend particularly on our
ability to develop customer awareness and confidence in our service. Since we have extremely limited capital resources, we will need to
closely manage our expenses and conserve our cash by continually monitoring any increase in expenses and reducing or eliminating unnecessary
expenditures. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties encountered by companies at an early stage
of development, particularly given that we operate in new and rapidly evolving markets, that we have limited financial resources, and
face an uncertain economic environment. We may not be successful in addressing such risks and difficulties. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the Years Ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

The following discussion analyzes our results
of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following information should be considered together with our financial
statements for such periods and the accompanying notes thereto. 

Revenue/Net Loss 

Revenue 

We have not generated significant revenue
since our inception. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we generated revenues of 2,073 and 2,628. Our revenue
is generated from transactional sources with customers. 

Net Loss 

Our net loss attributable to common stockholders
increased 5.8 million to 17.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 11.8 million for the year ended December 31,
2021, as a result of increased legal and professional fees associated with the 2022 enterprise/patent valuation 0.8 million); increased
Board fees 0.5 million); increased consulting options 1.2 million); and increased stock incentive compensation 5.4 million) partially
offset by a decrease in Board options expense 2.1 million). 

Transaction Expense 

Transaction expense for the year
ended December 31, 2022 was 0.3 million compared to 0.2 million for year ended December 31, 2021. These are transactional charges primarily
for the operation of the Mazoola app, and the Chore Check app. 

Sales and Marketing Expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses increased by 0.2 million in 2022 to 1.7
million compared to 1.5 million in 2021. In 2022 we ramped up marketing campaigns for our mobile app and hired additional consultants
to develop and execute the marketing plan. 

Product Development 

Product development expenses decreased by 0.7 million in 2022 to 2.1
million compared to 2.8 million in 2021. Expenses were scaled back upon completion of the Platform
in February 2022. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses increased
by 5.8 million in 2022 to 11.4 million compared to 5.6 million in 2021. This was attributed to the incentive awards due to certain
executives and board members resulting from the successful engagement of an investment banker and the successful completion of targeted
funding via the sale of Series B Preferred Stock on September 22, 2022 and October 5, 2022, respectively. 

27 

Table of Contents 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense decreased 0.1 million to
 1.0 million in 2022 compared to 1.1 million in 2021. 

Forgiveness of Debt 

The Company had 0.1
million of vendor debt forgiven during 2022. In 2021, 0.1 million of debt was forgiven as a result of the Paycheck Protection Plan loan that was forgiven in full by the Small Business Administration. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Net cash used in operating activities increased
 1.1 million to 6.2 million for the year ended 2022 compared to 5.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase
resulted primarily from the increase in common stock to be issued, offset by a decrease in the fair value of common stock issued in exchnage for services in 2022. 

Net cash used in investing activities was
 0.01 million and 0.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company maintained the current patents in 2022. 

Net cash provided by financing activities
increased by 6.3 million to 11.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 5.4 million for the year ended December 31,
2021. The increase is primarily attributed to the 11.4 million in proceeds received from the sale of Series B Preferred Stock to provide capital to continue
operations. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the Company raised gross proceeds of 760,000 through the issuance of the Company s Series B Preferred stock. 

As we have not realized significant revenues
since our inception, we have financed our operations through public and private offerings of debt and equity securities. 

On March 13, 2023, Company entered into an
Investor Private Line of Credit agreement (the LOC Agreement with James Davison (the Lender ). The Lender
is an existing shareholder of the Company. Pursuant to the LOC Agreement, the Lender may extend unsecured loans to the Company in the
amount of up to twenty million dollars 20,000,000) which may be drawn upon by the Company for a period of one year in order to provide
additional capital to facilitate the Company s operations. Drawings may be made by the Company as long as there has not been any
material change in the operations of the Company. Loans under the LOC Agreement bear interest at the rate of 7 per annum. Drawings under
the LOC Agreement must be repaid in full: (i) upon the execution and completion of a sale, merger or other transaction of the Company
whereby the Company transfers its ownership and/or its assets to a third party within thirty (30) days of the completion of the transaction
(a Change of Control or (ii) if a Change of Control does not occur within one year from the date hereof, the Company will
repay any amounts outstanding within sixty (60) days. 

Since our inception, we have focused on developing
and implementing our business plan. We believe that our existing cash resources will not be sufficient to sustain our operations during
the next twelve months. We currently need to generate sufficient revenues to support our cost structure to enable us to pay ongoing costs
and expenses as they are incurred, finance enhancements to our Platform, and execute the business plan. If we cannot generate sufficient
revenue to fund our business plan, we intend to seek to raise such financing through the sale of debt and/or equity securities. The issuance
of additional equity would result in dilution to existing shareholders. The issuance of convertible debt may also result in dilution to
existing stockholders. If we are unable to obtain additional funds when they are needed or if such funds cannot be obtained on terms acceptable
to us, we will be unable to execute upon the business plan or pay costs and expenses as they are incurred, which would have a material,
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Even if we are successful in generating
sufficient revenue or in raising sufficient capital in order to commercialize the Platform, our ability to continue in business as a viable
going concern can only be achieved when our revenues reach a level that sustains our business operations. We do not project that
significant revenue will be developed until the second quarter of 2024. There can be no assurance that we will raise sufficient proceeds,
or any proceeds, for us to implement fully our proposed business plan. Moreover, there can be no assurance that even if the
Platform is fully developed and successfully commercialized, that we will generate revenues sufficient to fund our operations. In
either such situation, we may not be able to continue our operations and our business might fail. 

28 

Table of Contents 

As
of March 31, 2023, the Company has a cash position of approximately 5.2 million. Based upon the current cash position and the Company s
planned expense run rate, management believes the Company will be able to finance its operations through December 2023. 

The foregoing forward-looking information
was prepared by us in good faith based upon assumptions that we believe to be reasonable. No assurance can be given, however, regarding
the attainability of the projections or the reliability of the assumptions on which they are based. The projections are subject to the
uncertainties inherent in any attempt to predict the results of our operations, especially where new products and services are involved.
Certain elements of the assumptions used will inevitably not materialize and unanticipated events will occur. Actual results of operations
are, therefore, likely to vary from the projections and such variations may be material and adverse to us. Accordingly, no assurance can
be given that such results will be achieved. Moreover, due to changes in technology, new product announcements, competitive pressures,
system design and/or other specifications we may be required to change the current plans. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any
relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partners, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special
purpose entities, established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited
purposes. As such, we are not materially exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we
had engaged in such relationships. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our financial statements are impacted by the
accounting policies used and the estimates and assumptions made by management during their preparation. A complete summary of these policies
is included in Note 1 of the Notes to Financial Statements included elsewhere herein. We have identified below the accounting policies
that are of particular importance in the presentation of our financial position, results of operations and cash flows and which require
the application of significant judgment by management. 

Stock-based Compensation 

We have adopted the fair value recognition
provisions Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification FASB ASC 718. In addition, the Securities
and Exchange Commission issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107 Share-Based Payment SAB 107 ), which
provides supplemental FASB ASC 718 application guidance based on the views of the SEC. Under FASB ASC 718, compensation cost
recognized includes compensation cost for all share-based payments granted, based on the grant date fair value estimated in accordance
with the provisions of FASB ASC 718. 

We have used the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model to estimate the option fair values. The option-pricing model requires a number of assumptions, of which the most significant
are, expected stock price volatility, the expected pre-vesting forfeiture rate and the expected option term (the amount of time from the
grant date until the options are exercised or expire). 

All issuances of stock options or other equity
instruments to non-employees as consideration for goods or services received by the Company are accounted for based on the fair value
of the equity instruments issued. Non-employee equity-based payments that do not vest immediately upon grant are recorded as an expense
over the vesting period. 

Revenue Recognition 

In accordance with FASB ASC 606, Revenue
from Contracts with Customers , the Company recognizes revenue when it satisfies performance obligations, by transferring promised
goods or services to customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for
fulfilling those performance obligations. 

29 

Table of Contents 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Recently issued accounting pronouncements
are discussed in Note 1 of the Notes to Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this report. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK . 

Not required. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA . 

The financial statements required to be filed
pursuant to this Item 8 are appended to this report beginning on page 

F-1 located immediately after the signature
page. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE . 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES . 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management has evaluated, under the supervision
and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15(d)-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report pursuant
to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure (i) that information we are required to
disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (ii) that such information is accumulated and communicated to management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, in order to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. Internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our
internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Our management has concluded that our
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was
not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act, which permits us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

30 

Table of Contents 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There have not been any changes in our internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act) that occurred during
the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN
JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS . 

Not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE . 

The current members of our board of directors
and executive officers of the Company are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position with Company 
 
 Gerald Hannahs 
 
 71 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 Peter S. Pelullo 
 
 71 
 
 Director, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Joseph R. Toczydlowski 
 
 53 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Our directors serve annual terms. We
believe that our board of directors should be composed of individuals with sophistication and experience in many substantive areas that
impact our business. We believe that experience, qualifications, or skills in the following areas are most important: software
development, ecommerce, the FinTech industry, accounting and finance; strategic planning; and human resources and development practices;
and board practices of other corporations. These areas are in addition to the personal qualifications described in this section. We
believe that all of our current board members possess the professional and personal qualifications necessary for board service and have
highlighted particularly noteworthy attributes for each board member in the individual biographies below. The principal occupation and
business experience, for at least the past five years of each current director and executive officer is as follows: 

Gerald Hannahs 

Mr. Hannahs served as an Account Executive
and First Vice President for EF Hutton, Prudential and Paine Webber from 1982 to 1986. Mr. Hannahs co-founded Texarkoma Crude Gas
Company in 1983. Mr. Hannahs has over 30 years of experience in the investment business and the oil and gas industry. As a result
of these and other professional experiences, Mr. Hannahs possesses particular knowledge and experience in investing, finance and accounting,
SEC reporting, sales and marketing that strengthen the board s collective qualifications, skills, and experience. 

Peter S. Pelullo 

Peter S. Pelullo, has been an entrepreneur for the past 20 years. While
his career has focused on the media and telecommunications industries, Mr. Pelullo has had extensive experience in both the construction
and food and beverage industries. Mr. Pelullo founded Clariti Telecommunications International, LTD, a NASDAQ Small Cap listed company
that developed proprietary digital wireless technology. Mr. Pelullo identified and organized through European banks, asset managers, and
portfolio managers approximately 90 million in equity for such company s technology and business development. Mr. Pelullo has extensive
experience in corporate finance, operating a public company, strategic planning, cash flow management and international business development.
Mr. Pelullo was also the founder of Alpha International Recording Studios which he merged with the world-renowned Sigma Sound Studio which
created the Sound of Philadelphia . He also created Philly World Records (an independent record label), which he sold to
MCA Records. Mr. Pelullo also has years of experience in the Real Estate sector as well as restructuring and work out services for
companies that need to return to solvency and stable operations. 

31 

Table of Contents 

Joseph R. Toczydlowski 

Mr. Toczydlowski was appointed the Chief Financial
Officer in August 2022. Mr. Toczydlowski has held various financial positions at Sculptz, Inc. since 1998, most recently as Chief Financial
Officer since April 2011. His other areas of expertise include taxation, business analytics and marketing. In early 2022, Mr. Toczydlowski
provided CFO consulting services to a tech startup with publicly traded shares. He previously served as a Senior Tax Accountant at United
Refrigeration, Inc. and Arthur Andersen Co. Mr. Toczydlowski is a Certified Public Accountant and has a B.S. in Accounting from
LaSalle University. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

At this time, due to the small size of the
Company s Board of Directors, the Company does not have any committees of the Board of Directors and the Board of Directors does
not have an audit committee financial expert, as defined by the SEC rules. 

Code of Ethics 

Our board of directors approved a Code of
Ethics and Rules of Conduct in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that govern the conduct of each of
our directors, officers, consultants and employees. Our Code of Ethics and Rules of Conduct is maintained on our website at
www.regopayments.com. Any amendments to, or waivers of the Code of Ethics and Rules of Conduct that apply to our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer, or principal accounting officer and that relates to any element of the definition of the
term code of ethics, as the term is defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission, will be posted on our website at
www.regopayments.com. There are currently no such amendments or waivers. 

We recognize the importance of preventing
both actual conflicts of interest and the appearance of such conflicts in dealings between the Company and related persons 
(our directors, director nominees, executive officers, stockholders beneficially owning 5 or greater of our common stock, or the immediate
family members of any of the foregoing). The Board of Directors will regularly review our corporate policies with respect to conflicts
of interest including related party transactions and investigate instances of such conflicts. 

Each matter described below under Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence was vetted and pre-approved by a majority of the
disinterested members of our Board of Directors. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires
that our officers and directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our common stock file initial reports of ownership and
reports of changes in beneficial ownership of our common stock with the SEC. They are also required to furnish us with copies of
all Section 16(a) forms that they file with the SEC. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us,
or written representations from such persons that no reports were required for those persons, we believe that all Section 16(a) filing
requirements were satisfied during our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, except that Messrs. Hannahs and Pelullo each failed to file
Form 4 on a timely basis with respect to a stock option grant and a stock award. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION . 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table sets forth the compensation
earned by the Company s executive officers during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

32 

Table of Contents 

Stock 
 
 Option 
 All Other 

Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards (1) 
 
 Awards (1) 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Peter S. Pelullo, Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 
 400,185 
 250,000 
 3,021,000 
 
 - 
 - 
 3,671,185 

2021 
 184,046 
 - 
 1,631,000 
 (3) 
 - 
 - 
 1,815,046 

Scott A. McPherson, Former Chief Financial Officer (2) 
 2022 
 158,296 
 75,000 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 233,296 

2021 
 192,307 
 - 
 460,000 
 
 42,102 
 - 
 694,409 

Joseph R. Toczydlowski, Chief Financial Officer (2) 
 2022 
 62,192 
 25,000 
 203,850 
 
 228,266 
 - 
 519,308 

2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 
 The value of the
stock awards is based on the closing stock price on the date that the stock awards were issued. The option awards were based
on the Black-Scholes option pricing model with assumptions for dividend yield, risk free interest rate, expected volatility and expected
life described in Note 15 to the financial statements included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 (2) 
 
 Mr. McPherson resigned on August
15, 2022 and was replaced by Mr. Toczydlowski as Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 (3) 
 
 Stock was issued to International
Corporate Management, Inc. a company owned by Peter S. Pelullo. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table 

The following table sets forth information
with respect to outstanding equity-based awards held by the named executive officers at December 31, 2022: 

Option
 awards 
 Stock
 awards 

Equity 

incentive 

Equity 
 plan
 awards: 

Equity 

incentive 
 Market
 or 

incentive 

plan
 awards: 
 payout 

plan
 awards: 

Market 
 Number
 of 
 value
 of 

Number
 of 
 Number
 of 
 Number
 of 

Number
 of 
 value
 of 
 unearned 
 unearned 

securities 
 securities 
 securities 

shares
 or 
 shares
 or 
 shares,
 units 
 shares,
 units 

underlying 
 underlying 
 underlying 

units
 of 
 units
 of 
 or
 other 
 or
 other 

unexercised 
 unexercised 
 unexercised 
 Option 
 
 stock
 that 
 stock
 that 
 rights
 that 
 rights
 that 

options 
 options 
 unearned 
 Exercise 
 Option 
 have
 not 
 have
 not 
 have
 not 
 have
 not 

(#) 
 (#) 
 options 
 Price 
 Expiration 
 vested 
 vested 
 vested 
 vested 
 
 Name 
 
 exercisable 
 unexercisable 
 (#) 
 ) 
 Date 
 (#) 
 ) 
 (#) 
 ) 
 
 Peter S. Pelullo 
 
 750,000 (a) 
 - 
 - 
 0.26 
 4/12/2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

100,000 (a) 
 - 
 - 
 0.90 
 7/23/2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

500,000 (a) 
 - 
 - 
 0.25 
 8/13/2025 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

300,000 (b) 
 - 
 - 
 5.00 
 12/19/2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,500,000 
 1,875,000 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,000,000 
 1,250,000 
 
 Scott A. McPherson 
 (c) 
 750,000 
 - 
 - 
 0.26 
 4/12/2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

100,000 
 - 
 - 
 0.90 
 7/23/2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

500,000 
 - 
 - 
 0.25 
 8/18/2025 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

300,000 (b) 
 - 
 - 
 5.00 
 12/19/2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

50,000 
 - 
 - 
 0.90 
 1/15/2026 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Joseph R. Toczydlowski 
 (c) 
 250,000 
 - 
 - 
 1.21 
 8/16/2027 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 150,000 
 187,500 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 50,000 
 62,500 

(a) Options were issued to International Corporate
Management, Inc., a company owned by Peter S. Pelullo. 

(b) Options were issued by Zoom Solutions,
Inc., a majority-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

(c) Scott A. McPherson resigned as CFO on
August 15, 2022 and was replaced by Joseph R. Toczydlowski. 

No named executive officers exercised stock
options or warrants during 2022. 

Narrative Disclosure to Compensation Tables 

Employment Agreements 

On August 11, 2020 the Company appointed Peter S. Pelullo as Chief
Executive Officer. In connection with his appointment, the Company also entered into an Employment Agreement with him, pursuant
to which he will be employed on an at will basis with an annual salary of 200,000 during the first year of his employment and will be
reviewed for increases thereafter. He is also eligible to receive an annual bonus. 

33 

Table of Contents 

The Employment Agreement also provided for the grant of a non-statutory
stock option to acquire 500,000 shares of the common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 0.25 per share (or if greater, the
fair market value of such stock on the grant date), vesting immediately. In addition, upon the sale or change in control of more than
50 of the Company, Mr. Pelullo will be granted a non-statutory stock option to acquire 500,000 shares of the common stock of the Company
at the exercise price of the closing price per share on the date of sale or change of control (or if greater, the fair market value of
such stock on the grant date), vesting immediately upon issuance. 

The Employment Agreement also provided that Mr. Pelullo receive a grant
of 250,000 shares of the common stock of the Company, vesting immediately. In addition, upon the sale of the Company or change in control
of more than 50 of the Company, Mr. Pelullo will be granted 250,000 shares of the common stock of the Company, vesting immediately. 

On August 15, 2022, Scott A. McPherson resigned as Chief Financial
Officer of the Company. 

On August 16, 2022, the Company appointed Joseph R. Toczydlowski as
Chief Financial Officer. Pursuant to an employment agreement effective August 16, 2022, Mr. Toczydlowski will receive an annual salary
of 165,000 for the first year of employment, which will be increased to 175,000 in the second year of employment. The employment agreement
has an initial term of two years and renews for successive one-year periods unless either party gives notice of intent to not renew the
agreement at least 60 days prior to the renewal date. Notwithstanding the term, Mr. Toczydlowski s employment is at will 
and is terminable at any time by either party, without further economic obligation beyond the termination date except as required by law.
Mr. Toczydlowski also received an option to purchase 250,000 shares of the Company s common stock upon commencement of his employment
under the agreement with an exercise price of 1.21 per share and a five-year term. 

Performance Stock Awards 

On September 22, 2022, the Company engaged an investment banker to
explore a potential sale of the Company. This successful engagement of an investment banker resulted in incentive awards of 2,650,000
shares of common stock due to certain executives and members of the board of directors as follows: 

Recipient 
 # of Shares 
 Value 
 
 Gerald Hannahs 
 1,000,000 
 949,000 
 
 Peter Pelullo 
 1,500,000 
 1,423,500 
 
 Joseph Toczydlowski 
 150,000 
 142,350 
 
 Total 
 2,650,000 
 2,514,850 

The distribution of the shares underlying the incentive awards
will not occur until the date the Company is sold. 

On October 5, 2022 the Company completed its financing through the
sale of Series B Preferred Stock. This successful completion resulted in incentive awards of 2,050,000 shares of common stock due to certain
executives and members of the board of directors as follows: 

Recipient 
 # of Shares 
 Value 
 
 Gerald Hannahs 
 1,000,000 
 1,230,000 
 
 Peter Pelullo 
 1,000,000 
 1,230,000 
 
 Joseph Toczydlowski 
 50,000 
 61,500 
 
 Total 
 2,050,000 
 2,521,500 

The distribution of the shares underlying the incentive awards will
not occur until the date the Company is sold. 

On December 5, 2022, Mr. Pelullo received a grant of 250,000 shares
of the Company s common stock valued at 367,500. 

Mr. Pelullo will receive 250,000 shares of the Company s common
stock upon the sale of the Company or a more than 50 change in control, as well as an option to purchase 500,000 shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of the closing price per share on the date of sale or change in control that will vest immediately. 

34 

Table of Contents 

Upon sale of the Company, Mr. McPherson will receive 250,000 shares
of the Company s common stock, as well as an option to purchase 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise
price of the closing price per share on the date of sale or change in control that will vest immediately. 

Upon the sale of the Company, Mr. Toczydlowski will receive an option
to purchase 250,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of the closing price per share on the date of sale
or a change in control that will vest immediately. 

Option Issuances 

On August 16, 2022, Mr. Toczydlowski received an option to purchase
250,000 shares of the Company s common stock, with an exercise price of 1.21, vesting immediately and a term of 5 years and valued
at 302,500. 

Directors Compensation Table	 

The following table shows all compensation
paid or granted, during or with respect to the 2022 fiscal year, to each of our directors (other than those who are also our named executive
officers) for services rendered to REGO Payment Architectures, Inc. during 2022. The 100K paid to Mr. Hannahs in 2022 was a bonus
resulting from the Successful Corporate Actions Awards Completion of the Series B Preferred financing that occurred in October
2022. 

Nonqualified 

Non-equity incentive 
 deferred 

Fees Earned or 
 Stock 
 Option 
 plan 
 compensation 
 All Other 

paid in cash 
 awards 
 awards 
 compensation 
 earnings 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Gerald Hannahs (a) 
 - 
 2,179,000 
 - 
 100,000 
 - 
 - 
 2,279,000 

(a) 
 On December 31, 2022, Mr. Hannahs held in the aggregate options to purchase a total of 1,250,000 shares of the Company s common stock and options to purchase 500,000 shares of Zoom Solutions, Inc. 

Narrative Disclosure to Directors Compensation
Table 

Our non-employee directors are eligible to
receive options, restricted stock, and other equity-linked grants under our 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. We did not pay an annual
fee to any of our directors during 2022 as a result of our cost conservation efforts, although Mr. Hannahs did receive an incentive-based
payment as described above. Each member of our board of directors receives reimbursement of expenses incurred in connection with his or
her services as a member of our board or board committees. 

Mr. Hannahs also received performance stock
awards during 2022 described in Narrative Disclosure to Compensation Tables Performance Stock Awards above. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF
CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The persons or groups known to us to be beneficial
owners of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock, Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock or Series B Cumulative Convertible
Preferred Stock as of March 31, 2023, are reflected in the charts below. The following information is based upon Schedules
13D and 13G filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by the persons and entities shown as of the respective dates appearing or
other information provided to the Company. 

Title of 
 Name and address of beneficial 
 Amount and nature of beneficial 
 Percent of 
 
 class 
 owner 
 ownership 
 class 
 
 Common 
 John Paul DeJoria Family Trust 
 27,528,856 (b) 
 20.2 
 
 Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred 
 1888 Century Park East 
 10,000 
 10.0 
 
 Series B Cumulative Convertible Preferred 
 Suite 1600 
 97,779 
 60.2 

Century City, CA 90067 

Common 
 Peter S. Pelullo 
 17,803,983 (c) 
 14.2 

325 Sentry Parkway, Suite 200 

Blue Bell, PA 19422 

35 

Table of Contents 

(a)
This table has been prepared based on 124,443,105 shares of our common stock, 98,350 shares of Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred
Stock and 170,929 shares of Series B Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding on March 31, 2023. 

(b) Consists of 8,310,555 shares of common
stock, 100,000 shares underlying options exercisable at 0.90 per share, 10,000 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock, convertible
into 1,111,111 shares of common stock and 97,779 shares of Series B convertible preferred stock, convertible into 10,864,333 shares of
common stock. Also consists of 7,142,857 shares of common stock held in the name of The JP s Nevada Trust. John
Paul DeJoria is the settlor of The JP s Nevada Trust and, pursuant to the terms of such trust, may be deemed to have beneficial
ownership of such shares. 

(c) Consists of 4,792,858 shares of common
stock, 11,661,125 shares of common stock held by International Corporate Management, Inc. an affiliate of Mr. Pelullo, 750,000 shares
underlying options exercisable at 0.26 per share, 100,000 shares underlying options exercisable at 0.90 per share and 500,000 shares
underlying options exercisable at 0.25 per share. All of the options are held by International Corporate Management, Inc. 

The following table shows beneficial ownership
of the Company common stock as of March 31, 2023, by our directors and our executive officers and by all current directors and executive
officers as a group: 

Number of shares of common stock 
 Percentage of 
 
 Name of beneficial owner 
 beneficially owned (a) 
 shares outstanding (a) 
 
 Peter S. Pelullo 
 17,803,983 (b) 
 14.2 

Gerald Hannahs 
 5,357,333 (c) 
 4.2 

Joseph R. Toczydlowski 
 250,000 (d) 

All current directors and executive officers as a group (3 persons) 
 23,411,316 
 18.0 

(a) This
table has been prepared based on 124,443,105 shares of our common stock outstanding on March 31, 2023. The address for each person
listed above is c/o REGO Payment Architectures, Inc., 325 Sentry Parkway, Suite 200, Blue Bell, PA 19422. 

(b) Consists of 4,792,858 shares of common
stock, 11,661,125 shares of common stock held by International Corporate Management, Inc. an affiliate of Mr. Pelullo, 750,000 shares
underlying options exercisable at 0.26 per share, 100,000 shares underlying options exercisable at 0.90 per share and 500,000 shares
underlying options exercisable at 0.25 per share. All of the options are held by International Corporate Management, Inc. 

(c) Consists of 774,000 shares of common
stock, 500,000 shares underlying options exercisable at 0.25 per share and 750,000 shares underlying options exercisable at 0.26 and
30,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred A stock, convertible into 3,333,333 shares of common stock held by Hannahs Value Investors,
LLC an affiliate of Mr. Hannahs. 

(d) Consists of 250,000 shares underlying
options exercisable at 1.21 per share. 

Less than 1 

Transfer Agent 

Our Transfer Agent is Securities Transfer
Corporation, and their address and phone number are 2901 N. Dallas Parkway, Suite 380, Plano, Texas 75093, (469) 633-0101. 

36 

Table of Contents 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table provides certain information with respect to all
of our equity compensation plans in effect as of December 31, 2022: 

EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

Number of 

securities 

Number of 

remaining available 

securities to be 
 
 for issuance under 

issued upon 
 Weighted average 
 equity 

exercise of 
 exercise price of 
 compensation plans 

outstanding 
 outstanding 
 (excluding 

options, warrants 
 options, warrants 
 securities reflected 

and rights 
 and rights 
 in column (a)) 

Plan Category 
 (col.a) 
 (col. b) 
 (col c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by 

security holders: (a) 
 4,737,500 
 0.32 
 300,000 

Equity compensation plans not approved 

by security holders: (b) 
 11,324,625 
 0.89 
 - 

Total 
 16,062,125 
 0.61 
 300,000 

(a) 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders consist of the 2008 Equity Compensation Plan and the 2013 Equity Compensation Plan. 

(b) 
 Options approved by the board but not governed by an Equity Compensation Plan. 

2008 Equity Incentive Plan 

We adopted our 2008 Equity Incentive Plan as of March 3, 2008 (the
 2008 Plan ). Awards could be made under the 2008 Plan for up to 25,000,000 shares of our common stock in the form of
stock options or deferred stock awards. Awards could be given to our employees, officers or directors as well as our consultants
or advisors. The 2008 Plan is administered by our board of directors which has full and final authority to interpret the 2008
Plan, select the persons to whom awards may be granted, and determine the amount, vesting and all other terms of any awards. 

All stock options granted under the 2008 Plan are exercisable for a
period of up to ten years from the date of grant, are subject to vesting as determined by the board upon grant, and have an exercise price
equal to not less than the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant (except for incentive stock options granted to 10 
stockholders, which are required to have an exercise price of not less than 110 of the fair market value of the common stock on the date
the option is granted). Unless otherwise determined by the board, awards may not be transferred except by will or the laws
of descent and distribution. The board has discretion to determine the effect on any award granted under the 2008 Plan of the
death, disability, retirement, resignation, termination or other change in employment or other status of any participant in the 2008
Plan. 

Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control , as defined
in the 2008 Plan, the board may take any number of actions. These actions include providing for all options outstanding under
the 2008 Plan to be assumed by the acquiring corporation or to become immediately vested and exercisable in full. The original expiration
date of March 3, 2018 was extended for one year and the 2008 Plan has now expired. 

37 

Table of Contents 

2013 Equity Incentive Plan 

During 2013, the board and our stockholders adopted the 2013 Equity
Incentive Plan 2013 Plan ). Under the 2013 Plan, we are authorized to grant awards of stock options, restricted
stock, restricted stock units and other stock-based awards of up to an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of common stock to any officer, employee,
director or consultant. The 2013 Plan is intended to permit stock options granted to employees under the 2013 Plan to qualify
as incentive stock options. All options granted under the 2013 Plan, which are not intended to qualify as incentive stock options
are deemed to be non-statutory stock options. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Related Party Transactions 

The Company entered into an employment agreement
with Peter S. Pelullo, its Chief Executive Officer, who is a more than 5 beneficial owner. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
the Company owed the Chief Executive Officer, who is also a more than 5 beneficial owner, a total of 1,703 and 95,185, consisting of
 1,703 and 95,185 in unpaid salary. 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
the Company owed the Chief Financial Officer 907 and 35,988 in unpaid salary. 

The Company has entered into a consulting
agreement with the son of Mr. Pelullo, at a cost of 10,000 per month, plus expenses. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
owed the consultant 0 and 10,349. For each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company expensed 120,000 to this consultant. 

The amounts owed have been included in accounts
payable and accrued expenses related parties. 

Director Independence 

Our Board of Directors consists of two persons. The Board has determined
that Gerald Hannahs is an independent director within the meaning of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. Peter Pelullo, who is a member
of the Board of Directors and also our Chief Executive Officer is not independent within the meaning of the NASDAQ Listing Rules. Our
common stock is not listed on Nasdaq, however, we have chosen Nasdaq s independence rules solely for purposes of this disclosure
in accordance with the applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL
ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES . 

Audit Fees 

The fees billed for professional services
rendered by our principal accountant, Morison Cogen, LLP, for the audit of our annual financial statements for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 and the review of the financial statements included in each of our quarterly reports during the fiscal years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 were 78,552 and 76,500, respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees 

Fees billed for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for assurance
and related services rendered by Morison Cogen, LLP that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s
financial statements and are not reported under the category Audit Fees described above were 0. 

Tax Fees 

During the fiscal years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, there were no fees billed for tax compliance, tax advice and/or tax planning by Morison Cogen, LLP. 

38 

Table of Contents 

All Other Fees 

During the fiscal years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, there were no additional fees billed for products and services provided by Morison Cogen, LLP other than those set forth
above. 

All services provided by Morison Cogen, LLP
are pre-approved by our Board of Directors. 

39 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND
FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES . 

(a) 
 Audited financial statements set forth herein. 

(b) 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this report. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 

3.1 
 Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (Reg. # 333-152050) filed with the Commission on July 1, 2008). 

3.2 
 Certificate of Ownership (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 30, 2011). 

3.3 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 19, 2013). 

3.4 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 20, 2014). 

3.5 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 7, 2012). 

3.6 
 Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 29, 2014). 

3.7 
 Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 31, 2014). 

3.8 
 Certificate of Amendment of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 31, 2017. 

3.9 
 
 Amendment
 to Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 24, 2021). 

3.10 
 
 Amendment
 to Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 17, 2022). 

4.1 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Reg. # 333-152050) filed with the Commission on August 13, 2008). 

4.2 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 13, 2012). 

4.3 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 13, 2012). 

4.4 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 3, 2013). 

40 

Table of Contents 

4.5 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 29, 2013). 

4.6 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 29, 2013). 

4.7 
 Form of Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 31, 2013). 

4.8 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 29, 2014). 

4.9 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 29, 2014). 

4.10 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 31, 2014). 

4.11 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 31, 2014). 

10.1 
 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. # 333-152050) filed with the Commission on July 1, 2008). 

10.2 
 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 8, 2013). 

10.3 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (March 2015 Secured Convertible Notes) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 12, 2015) 

10.4 
 Form of Secured Convertible Promissory Note (March 2015 Secured Convertible Notes) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 12, 2015) 

10.5 
 Form of Security Agreement (March 2015 Secured Convertible Notes) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 12, 2015) 

10.6 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (May 2015 Secured Convertible Notes) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 11, 2015) 

10.7 
 Form of Secured Convertible Promissory Note (May 2015 Secured Convertible Notes) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 11, 2015) 

10.8 
 Form of Security Agreement (May 2015 Secured Convertible Notes) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 11, 2015) 

10.9 
 Form of Promissory Note Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on November 6, 2015) 

41 

Table of Contents 

10.10 
 Form of Promissory Note Agreement (including commitment fee) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on November 6, 2015) 

10.11 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on November 6, 2015) 

10.12 
 Form of Amendment to Promissory Note Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 25, 2016) 

10.13 
 ICM Consulting Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 13, 2016) 

10.14 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 29, 2016) 

10.15 
 Form of Secured Convertible Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 29, 2016) 

10.16 
 Form of Amended and Restated Security Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 29, 2016) 

10.17 
 Form of Note Exchange Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 29, 2016) 

10.18 
 License Agreement between the Company and Crowd Cart, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 15, 2018). 

10.19 
 Form of Simple Agreement For Future Equity (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 15, 2018). 

10.20 
 Convertible Debenture dated as of December 15, 2019 issued by REGO Payment Architectures, Inc. in favor of Nehemiah Partners I, LP (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 3, 2020). 

10.21 
 Purchase of Business Agreement dated as of January 1, 2021 between Chore Check, LLC and the Registrant (incoprorated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 7, 2021). 

10.22 
 Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement dated January 1, 2021 between Registrant and Chore Check, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 7, 2021). 

10.23 
 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Peter S. Pelullo (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 14, 2020). 

10.24 
 Agreement dated August 11, 2020 between the Registrant and David Knight (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 12, 2020). 

10.25 
 
 Settlement
 Agreement dated June 1, 2021 between Registrant and Nehemiah Partners I, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 16, 2021. 

42 

Table of Contents 

10.26 
 
 Employment
 Agreement between the Registrant and Scott A. McPherson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to
 the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 31, 2022). 

10.27 
 
 Employment Agreement dated August 16, 2022 between the Company and Joseph Toczydlowski (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on November 14, 2022). 

10.28 
 Investor Private Line of Credit dated March 13, 2023 between Rego Payment Architectures, Inc. and James Davison (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 16, 2023). 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

31.1 
 Certification of the principal executive officer of the Company, pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 

31.2 
 Certification of the principal financial officer of the Company, pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 

32.1 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, signed by the chief executive officer of the Company 

32.2 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, signed by the chief financial officer of the Company 

101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document The instance document does not appear
in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and
contained in Exhibit 101) 

Management contract or compensatory plan
or arrangement 

filed herewith 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K
SUMMARY 

Not provided. 

43 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on this 31st day of March, 2023. 

REGO Payment Architectures, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Peter S. Pelullo 

Peter S. Pelullo , Chief Executive 
Officer and Principal Executive Officer 

/s/ Joseph R. Toczydlowski 

Chief Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 

Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Peter S. Pelullo 

Director, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Peter S. Pelullo 

/s/Joseph R. Toczydlowski 

Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Joseph R. Toczydlowski 

/s/ Gerald Hannahs 

Chairman of the Board, Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Gerald Hannahs 

44 

Table of Contents 

REGO Payment Architectures,
Inc. 

PAGE REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID# F-2 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS F-4 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS F-5 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT F-6 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS F-7 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-8 to F-26 

F- 1 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Rego Payment Architectures, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Rego Payment Architectures, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements
of comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31,
2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company s losses from development activities raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Table of Contents 

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Rego Payment Architectures, Inc. 

(Continued) 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2008. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 3 

Table of Contents 

REGO Payment Architectures, Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses 

Deposits 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

OTHER ASSETS 

Patents and trademarks, net of accumulated amortization of and 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses - related parties 

Loans payable 

10 secured convertible notes payable - stockholders 

Notes payable - stockholders 

4 secured convertible notes payable - stockholders 

Preferred stock dividend liability 

Common stock to be issued 
 
 -

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

CONTINGENCIES 

STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Preferred stock, par value; preferred shares authorized; preferred shares Series A authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Preferred stock, par value; preferred shares authorized; preferred shares Series B authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Preferred stock, par value; preferred shares authorized; preferred shares Series C authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Noncontrolling interests 

STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Table of Contents 

REGO Payment Architectures, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements
of Comprehensive Loss 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

NET REVENUE 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Transaction expense 

Sales and marketing 

Product development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

NET OPERATING LOSS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Interest income 

Forgiveness of debt 

Interest expense 

NET LOSS 

LESS: Accrued preferred dividends 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS 

BASIC AND DILUTED NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE

BASIC AND DILUTED WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Table of Contents 

REGO Payment Architectures,
Inc. 

Consolidated Statement
of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 

For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Preferred 
 Preferred 
 Preferred 
 Common 

Stock
 Series A 
 Stock
 Series B 
 Stock
 Series C 
 Stock 
 Additional 

Number of 
 
 Number of 
 
 Number of 
 
 Number of 
 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Noncontrolling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interests 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2020, as adjusted 

-
 
 -

Conversion of Series A Preferred Stock into common stock 

- 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Sale of Series B Preferred stock 
 - 
 -

- 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Issuance of common stock to board members and employees 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for accounts payable 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Issuance of common stock to consultants 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Exercise of options 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Exercise of options, cashless 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Fair value of options for software 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Fair value of options for services 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Accrued preferred dividends 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2021 

-
 
 -

Conversion of Series A Preferred stock to common stock 
 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Sale of Series B Preferred stock 
 - 
 -

- 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Issuance of commonstock to board members and employees 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Issuance of common stock to consultants 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Exercise of options 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Exercise of options, cashless 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Fair value of options for services 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Accrued preferred dividends 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

-
 
 -

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Table of Contents 

REGO Payment Architectures,
Inc. 

Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Fair value of common stock issued in exchange for services 

Fair value of options issued in exchange for services 

Impairment loss 
 -

Depreciation and amortization 

Forgiveness of debt 

Decrease in assets 

Prepaid expenses 

Increase (decrease) in liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses - related parties 

Common stock to be issued 
 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Investment in patents 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Exercise of options 

Proceeds from sale of Series B Preferred stock 

Proceeds from secured notes payable - stockholders 
 
 -

Repayment of notes payable - stockholders 
 -

Proceeds from convertible notes payable - stockholders 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during year for: 

Interest 
 -

Income taxes 
 -
 
 -

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Accrued preferred dividends 

Options issued for software 
 -

Issuance of common stock for accounts payable 
 -

Conversion of Series A Preferred stock to common stock 

Adoption of new accounting principle for embedded derivative liabilities affecting accumulated deficit 
 -

Exchange of deferred revenue for convertible note payable 
 -

Cashless conversion of options into common stock 

Exchange of note payable-stockholder and accrued interest for convertible note payable 
 -

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

Table of Contents 

REGO Payment Architectures, Inc. 

Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements 

of the common stock of ZS. 
ZS is the holding company for various subsidiaries that will utilize REGO s payment platform to address emerging markets. 

owned subsidiary of ZS. This company was focused on blockchain as a business solution for the retail and Consumer Packaged Goods CPG industries. 

owned subsidiary of ZS. ZCS was focused on providing a highly secure cloud storage as a
service. 

F- 8 

Table of Contents 

F- 9 

Table of Contents 

and . Revenues were derived from the operation of the Platform. 

F- 10 

Table of Contents 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. These costs when incurred are included in sales and
marketing expenses. 

and for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 11 

Table of Contents 

million. Based upon the current cash position and the Company s
planned expense run rate, management believes the Company has funds currently to finance its operations through December 2023. 

years. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, capitalized
patent and trademark costs, net of accumulated amortization, were and . Amortization expense for patents and
trademarks was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

beneficial owner, a total of and in unpaid salary. 

beneficial owner, Chief Executive Officer, President and Board member, and , pursuant
to a consulting agreement. 

and in unpaid salary. 

from the Emergency Injury Disaster Loan program and from the Paycheck Protection Program. The Company has spent all of the proceeds
under these programs for payroll related expenses. 

as of December 31, 2020. The Company recorded derecognition of the
liability in accordance with FASB ASC 405-20, Liabilities-Extinguishment of Liabilities, when on January 28, 2021, the Company received
notification from the lender that its Paycheck Protection Program loan had been forgiven in full by the Small Business Administration
in the amount of , and that no further payments were required. The Paycheck Protection Program loan was recognized as forgiveness
of debt during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

per employee) does not require repayment and was also recognized as forgiveness of debt. 

F- 12 

Table of Contents 

. Interest accrued on the loans at and was and
 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Interest expense related to these loans payable was and for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

in May 2018 as a down payment to
develop software for the automotive industry. 

of deferred revenue for a Secured Convertible Note Payable in the amount of (Note 8). 

aggregate principal amount of its Secured
Convertible Promissory Notes due March 5, 2016 (the Notes to certain stockholders. On May 11, 2015, the Company
issued an additional of Notes to stockholders. The maturity dates of the Notes have been extended most recently from
October 31, 2022 to , with the consent of the Note holders. 

per share, subject to adjustment
for stock splits, stock dividends and similar transactions with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock only. Each share of
Series B Preferred Stock is currently convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a current conversion price of
 per share, subject to anti-dilution adjustment as described in the Certificate of Designation of the Series B Preferred Stock. In
addition, pursuant to the terms of a Security Agreement entered into on May 11, 2015 by and among the Company, the Investors and a collateral
agent acting on behalf of the Investors (the Security Agreement ), the Notes are secured by a lien against substantially
all of the Company s business assets. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company also granted piggyback registration
rights to the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock upon a conversion of the Notes. 

and of deferred revenue for a Secured Convertible Promissory Note Payable (Note 7). 

as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Interest accrued on the notes was and as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021. Interest expense related to these notes payable was and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

, bearing interest at along with options to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of for a term of years, vesting immediately. In addition to the interest, the note holder will
receive a total of as principal repayment and interest upon maturity of the promissory note. The additional is considered
additional interest and is being amortized over the term of the loan. The options were valued at fair value, using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model to calculate the grant-date fair value of the options, with the following assumptions: no dividend yield, expected
volatility of , risk free interest rate of and expected option life of years. The relative fair value of the
option was and was recorded as a discount to the note payable in accordance with FASB ASC 835-30-25, Recognition, and
is being accreted over the term of the note payable for financial statement purposes. The Company has been unable to raise
sufficient funds to enable repayment of this promissory note. The debenture also has the following additional provisions: 

in additional debentures which grant the Holder the right to convert such debentures into special cashless warrants that pay, upon a Deemed Liquidation Event, an amount per share equal to of the exercise price, which is , of the warrants. Such option will expire 24 months after this Debenture has been paid or converted. 

F- 13 

Table of Contents 

of the Company s revenue received from a specified Norwegian joint-venture Joint-Venture Consideration until such Joint-Venture Consideration equals in aggregate. Holder may, at Holder s option, convert such Joint-Venture Consideration into the Series C Preferred Stock provided the Series C Preferred Stock terms have not expired. 

fifteen percent interest in the revenues of the Scandinavian joint-venture, or related entity (the Scandinavian Option ). The Scandinavian Option expired years from the Original Issue Date of this Debenture. 

principal of the loan referenced above and then exchanged the remaining principal of that loan for a
 Secured Convertible Note in the amount of , which included accrued interest of (Note 10). The holder of this Note
was given an option to purchase a total of shares of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock, which requires all
cash purchases of Series B Preferred Stock at per share, as detailed below, to be made to the Company by the due dates in
order to prevent the termination of the option as follows: 

on or before July 20, 2021, unless the option has previously terminated. 

on or before August 23, 2021, unless the option has previously terminated. 

on or before October 4, 2021, unless the option has previously terminated. 

on or before November 5, 2021, unless the option has previously terminated. 

on or before December 6, 2021, unless the option has previously terminated. 

on or before January 3, 2022, unless the option has previously terminated. 

of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock shares) on or before February 7, 2022
and continuing on the first Monday of every subsequent month, until a total of million of the Company s Series B Preferred
Stock has been purchased. 

million in the aggregate of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock during the ten day period: 

F- 14 

Table of Contents 

billion, excluding Origin Bank. 

million of the
Company s Series B Preferred Stock with an exercise price of , a term of months and fully vested was valued
at , fair value. The option was valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model to calculate the grant-date fair value of the option,
with the following assumptions: no dividend yield, expected volatility of , risk free interest rate of and expected
life of months. 

shares of
Series B Preferred Stock (Note 12). 

note
payable and revalued the option accordingly. The option to purchase million of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock with
an exercise price of , a term of months and fully vested was revalued at , fair value. The option was valued using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model to calculate the grant-date fair value of the option, with the following assumptions: no dividend
yield, expected volatility of , risk free interest rate of and expected life of months. 

note
payable and revalued the option accordingly. The option to purchase million of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock with
an exercise price of , a term of months and fully vested was revalued at , fair value. The option was valued using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model to calculate the grant-date fair value of the option, with the following assumptions: no dividend
yield, expected volatility of , risk free interest rate of and expected life of months. 

shares of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock million) was not exercised by November 23, 2021 and has expired as of December
31, 2022. 

aggregate principal amount of its notes payable - stockholders with no formal repayment terms and interest.
This note payable also included an option to purchase shares of the Company s common stock with an exercise price
of and a term of . The option was valued at fair value, using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
to calculate the grant-date fair value of the option, with the following assumptions: no dividend yield, expected volatility of ,
risk free interest rate of and expected life of years. The relative fair value of the option of was
recorded as a discount to the loan payable in accordance with FASB ASC 835-30-25, Recognition, and was accreted over
the term of the note payable for financial statement purposes. The note payable was repaid in full, plus interest, on March 2, 2021 and
the full amount of the discount was accreted to interest expense. 

of its notes payable stockholders for of the Company s Secured Convertible Promissory Notes
(Note 10). 

. Interest accrued on the notes as of December 31, 2022 and 2021
was and . Interest expense, including accretion of discounts, and warrants issues related to these notes payable
was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

aggregate principal amount of its Secured Convertible Promissory Notes due June 30,
2019 (the New Secured Notes to certain accredited investors investors ). The Company issued additional
New Secured Notes during 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022. 

F- 15 

Table of Contents 

per share, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends and similar transactions
with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock only. Each share of Series C Preferred Stock is currently convertible into shares
of the Company s common stock at a current conversion price of per share, subject to full ratchet anti-dilution adjustment
for one year and weighted average anti-dilution adjustment thereafter, as described in the Certificate of Designation of the Series C
Preferred Stock. Upon a liquidation event, the Company shall first pay to the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock,
on a pari passu basis with the holders of the Company s outstanding Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock, an amount
per share equal to of the conversion price (i.e., per share of Series C Preferred Stock), plus all accrued and unpaid dividends
on each share of Series C Preferred Stock (the Series C Preference Amount ). The Series C Preference Amount shall be
paid prior and in preference to payment of any amounts to the Common Stock. After the payment of all preferential amounts required
to be paid to the holders of shares of Series C Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and any additional
senior preferred stock, the Series C Preferred Stock participates in further distributions subject to an aggregate cap of seven and one-half
times (7.5x) the original issue price thereof, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends. 

. 

and aggregate principal amount of its New Secured Notes to certain investors. 

principal of a Note Payable and accrued interest of for a Secured
Convertible Note in the amount of (Note 9). 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Interest accrued on the New Secured
Notes was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Interest expense, including accretion of discounts related
to these notes payable was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

million. Consequently, the Company may have NOL carryforwards available
for federal income tax purposes, which would begin to expire in 2028. Deferred tax assets would arise from the recognition
of anticipated utilization of these net operating losses to offset future taxable income. 

Change in valuation allowance 

-
 
 -

F- 16 

Table of Contents 

State tax, net of federal tax effect 

Non-deductible share-based compensation 
 -
 
 -

-

Change in valuation allowance 

Net 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Deferred tax asset for stock based compensation 

Valuation allowance 

Net 
 -
 
 -

, to be paid out of
assets available for distribution prior to holders of common stock and thereafter participates with the holders of common stock in any
remaining proceeds subject to an aggregate cap of 2.5 times the Original Issue Price. The Series A Preferred Stockholders may cast the
number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of common stock into which the shares of Series A Preferred Stock can be converted. The
Series A Preferred Stock also contains customary approval rights with respect to certain matters. The Series A Preferred Stock
accrues dividends at the rate of per annum, or per Series A Preferred share. 

F- 17 

Table of Contents 

per share. The Series A Preferred Stock is subject to mandatory conversion if certain registration or related
requirements are satisfied and the average closing price of the Rego s common stock exceeds 2.5 times the conversion price over
a period of twenty consecutive trading days. 

at January 27, 2014, and 
at December 31, 2020. This was classified as an embedded derivative liability and a discount to Series A Preferred Stock. Since
the Series A Preferred Stock can be converted at any time, the full amount of the discount was accreted and reflected as a deemed distribution. 

at April 30, 2014, and 
at December 31, 2020. This was classified as an embedded derivative liability and a discount to Series A Preferred Stock. Since
the Series A Preferred Stock can be converted at any time, the full amount of the discount was accreted and reflected as a deemed distribution. 

as of December 31, 2020, to accumulated deficit. The Company also reclassified the embedded derivative
value of the beneficial conversion feature of the Series A Preferred Stock issued in April 2014 valued at as of December
31, 2020, to accumulated deficit. 

and shares of the Series A Preferred Stock into and 
shares of the Company s common stock. The Company reversed the cumulative accrued dividends associated with the shares upon conversion
in the amount of and , respectively. 

as of
December 31, 2022, to be paid out of assets available for distribution prior to holders of common stock and thereafter participates with
the holders of common stock in any remaining proceeds subject to an aggregate cap of 2.5 times the Original Issue Price. The Series B
Preferred Stockholders may cast the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of common stock into which the shares of Series
B Preferred Stock can be converted. The Series B Preferred Stock also contains customary approval rights with respect to certain
matters. The Series B Preferred Stock accrues dividends at the rate of per annum,
or per Series B Preferred share. 

per share. The Series B Preferred Stock is subject to mandatory conversion if certain registration or related
requirements are satisfied and the average closing price of the Company s common stock exceeds 2.5 times the conversion price over
a period of twenty consecutive trading days. 

at October 30, 2014, and at December 31,
2020. This was classified as an embedded derivative liability and a discount to Series B Preferred Stock. Since the Series
B Preferred Stock can be converted at any time, the full amount of the discount was accreted and reflected as a deemed distribution. 

F- 18 

Table of Contents 

as of December 31, 2020, to accumulated deficit. 

and shares of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock in private placements to accredited investors
and received proceeds of and of which and was from the exercise of options issued with notes payable
 stockholders (Note 9). 

shares
of REGO s Series C Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock Series C Preferred Stock ). On August 23, 2021, REGO
filed with the Delaware Secretary of State an Amendment to the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series
C Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, pursuant to which the amount of authorized Series C Preferred Stock was increased from 
shares to shares. As of December 31, 2022, of the Series C Preferred Stock shares were issued or outstanding. After the date
of issuance of Series C Preferred Stock, dividends at the rate of per share will begin accruing and will be cumulative. The Series
C Preferred Stock is pari passu with the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock and has a preference in liquidation equal
to seven times its original issue price to be paid out of assets available for distribution prior to holders of common stock and thereafter
participates with the holders of common stock in any remaining proceeds subject to an aggregate cap of 7.5 times its original issue price.
The Series C Preferred Stockholders may cast the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of common stock into which the shares
of Series C Preferred Stock can be converted. The Series C Preferred Stock also contains customary approval rights with respect
to certain matters. 

dividends for all REGO preferred stock was . Such dividends will be paid when and if declared payable by the Company s
board of directors or upon the occurrence of certain liquidation events. In accordance with FASB ASC 260-10-45-11, the Company
has recorded these accrued dividends as a current liability. 

units at an original issue
price of per unit (the ZS Original Series A Issue Price ), which includes one share of ZS Series A Cumulative Convertible
Preferred Stock (the ZS Series A Preferred Stock and one warrant to purchase one share of ZS common stock with an
exercise price of per share expiring in (the Series A Warrants ). ZS raised with respect to this
transaction. The Series A Warrants have all expired as of December 31, 2022. Dividends on the ZS Series A Preferred Stock accrue at a
rate of per annum and are cumulative. The ZS Series A Preferred Stock has a preference in liquidation equal to two times
the ZS Original Series A Issue Price to be paid out of assets available for distribution prior to holders of ZS common stock and thereafter
participates with the holders of ZS common stock in any remaining proceeds subject to an aggregate cap of 2.5 times the ZS Original Series
A Issue Price. The ZS Series A Preferred Stockholders may cast the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of ZS common stock
into which the shares of ZS Series A Preferred Stock can be converted. 

at the date of issuance. However, in accordance with FASB
ASC 470, the value of the beneficial conversion feature is limited to the value of the ZS Series A Preferred Stock of at the
date of issuance. This was classified as an embedded derivative and a discount to the ZS Series A Preferred Stock. Since the
ZS Series A Preferred Stock can be converted at any time, the full amount of the discount was accreted and reflected as a deemed distribution. 

F- 19 

Table of Contents 

dividends for all ZS preferred stock was . Such dividends will be paid when and if declared payable
by the ZS s board of directors or upon the occurrence of certain liquidation events. In accordance with FASB ASC 260-10-45-11,
the Company has recorded these accrued dividends as a current liability. 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 -

Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2022 
 -

shares of
common stock of the Company at exercise prices of per share. These options were scheduled to expire on June 15, 2022 and were each
extended to . The increase in fair value of this term extension was which was expensed during the year ended December
31, 2022. The Company used the Black-Scholes option pricing model to calculate the increase in fair value, with the following assumptions
for the extended options: no dividend yield, expected volatility of , risk free interest rate of , and expected option life
of years. 

F- 20 

Table of Contents 

shares of the Company s
common stock each, with an aggregate fair value of upon the launch of the Mazoola app. The Chief Executive Officer,
who is also a Board Member, received shares of the Company s common stock, with an aggregate fair value of .
The aggregate fair value of the shares was expensed immediately. 

shares of the Company s
common stock with an aggregate fair value of , upon the Company raising . The aggregate fair value of the shares was
expensed immediately. 

shares of the Company s
common stock with an aggregate fair value of , upon the Company raising funds above the previous million requirement. The aggregate
fair value of the shares was expensed immediately. 

shares of common stock to a consultant in payment for marketing services with a fair market value of . The fair value
of the shares was expensed immediately. 

shares of the Company s common stock with an
aggregate fair value of as a performance-based bonus pursuant to his two-year work anniversary. The aggregate fair value of the
shares was expensed immediately. 

shares of the Company s common stock at per
share or . There was no contingency associated with these options or their exercise. The fair value of these shares was expensed
immediately. 

shares of the Company s common stock at per share
on a cashless basis. This netted the employee shares of the Company s common stock. 

of the transaction value upon closing. This contingency has not yet been met. 

shares of common stock to any officer, other employee or director
of, or any consultant or other independent contractor who provides services to the Company. The 2008 Plan was intended to permit
stock options granted to employees under the 2008 Plan to qualify as incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended Incentive Stock Options ). All options granted under the 2008 Plan, which are not intended
to qualify as Incentive Stock Options are deemed to be non-qualified options Non-Statutory Stock Options ). As
of December 31, 2022, under the 2008 Plan, options to purchase shares of common stock have been issued and are unexercised,
and no shares were available for grants under the 2008 Plan. The 2008 Plan expired on March 3, 2019. 

shares of common stock to any officer, employee, director or consultant. The 2013 Plan is intended to permit stock
options granted to employees under the 2013 Plan to qualify as Incentive Stock Options. All options granted under the 2013
Plan, which are not intended to qualify as Incentive Stock Options, are deemed to be Non-Statutory Stock Options. As of December
31, 2022, under the 2013 Plan grants of restricted stock and options to purchase shares are unvested or unexercised, and 
shares of common stock remained available for grants under the 2013 Plan. 

F- 21 

Table of Contents 

of the fair market value of the common stock on the date of the grant (or of the fair market value
in the case of a grantee holding more than of the outstanding stock of the Company). 

Expected Volatility 

Expected Life (in years) 

Dividend Yield 

Weighted average estimated fair value of options during the period 

Granted 

-

Exercised 

- 
 -

Expired/Cancelled 

- 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

- 
 -

Expired/Cancelled 

- 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 and expected to
 vest thereafter 

and for Company s common stock on December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

and . The fair value of stock
options for employees is expensed over the vesting term in accordance with the terms of the related stock option agreements and for consultants
is expensed over the vesting term, if that is shorter than the term of the consulting agreement, otherwise over the term of the consulting
agreement. 

F- 22 

Table of Contents 

and relative to the fair value of stock options granted. 

of unrecognized compensation
cost related to outstanding stock options. The difference, if any, between the stock options exercisable at December 31, 2022 and
the stock options exercisable and expected to vest relates to management s estimate of options expected to vest in the future. 

Vested 

Balance, December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

Granted 

Vested 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -

Expired 

-
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2021 

-

Expired 

-
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 and expected
 to vest thereafter 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

and for REGO s common stock on December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 23 

Table of Contents 

-

Balance, December 31, 2021 

-

Balance, December 31, 2022 

-

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

-

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 and expected to
 vest thereafter 

-

for ZS s common stock on December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

relative to the fair value of stock options granted. 

of unrecognized
compensation cost related to outstanding ZS stock options. 

-

Balance, December 31, 2021 

-

Cancelled (2) 

-

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 -

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 -

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 and expected to
 vest thereafter 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 -

for ZCS s
common stock on December 31, 2021. (2) Zoom Cloud Solutions, Inc.
was dissolved on December 28, 2022. 

with respect to options. 

F- 24 

Table of Contents 

and 101. 

and . The Company has elected not to recognize right-of-use
assets and lease liabilities arising from short-term leases. The Company has no long-term lease obligations as of December 31, 2022. 

beneficial owner. The Company had also previously entered
into a consulting agreement with a Company owned by the Chief Executive Officer at a cost of per month. The consulting agreement
was terminated upon the execution of the Chief Executive Officer s employment agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
owed the Chief Executive Officer and relative to the employment agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
owed the consulting company . 

for the year ended December 31, 2021, in accordance with the agreement. 

per month, plus expenses, which was increased to per month on
January 1, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed the consultant and . For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has expensed and to this consultant. 

each, or a total of . 

per year. 

Secured Note Payable for . 

. 

. 

billion. The prospective awarding of shares would be as follows: Chairman: shares; Chief Executive Officer: shares; Chief Technology Officer: shares; and Chief Financial Officer: shares. The distribution of the shares will not occur until the date the Company is sold. As of December 31, 2022 none of the aforementioned actions were completed and thus no common stock awards were granted. 

shares; Chief Executive Officer: shares; Chief Technology Officer: 
shares; and Chief Financial Officer: shares. The distribution of the shares will not occur until the date the Company is sold. 

F- 25 

Table of Contents 

shares of common stock due to certain executives and board of director members. The
Company accrued compensation expense of , the fair value of the common stock to be issued, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

MM Preferred B Raise Successful Corporate Action Award.
This resulted in an incentive award of shares of common stock due to certain executives and board of director members. The Company
accrued compensation expense of the fair value of the common stock to be issued, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

, fair value. The consideration for the acquisition consisted of the issuance of an option to
purchase shares of the Company s common stock, with an exercise price of , vesting immediately and with a term of . 

as of September 30, 2021,
which is included in general and administrative expenses. 

shares of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock in
private placements to accredited investors and received proceeds of . 

which may be drawn upon by the Company for a period of one year in order to provide
additional capital to facilitate the Company s operations. Drawings may be made by the Company as long as there has not been any
material change in the operations of the Company. Loans under the LOC Agreement bear interest at the rate of per annum. Drawings under
the LOC Agreement must be repaid in full: 

F-26 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction 
 
 1. 
 Zoom Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 2. 
 REGO Data Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Peter S. Pelullo, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022, of Rego Payment Architectures, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Peter S. Pelullo 

Peter S. Pelullo 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Joseph R. Toczydlowski, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022, of Rego Payment Architectures, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Joseph R. Toczydlowski 

Joseph R. Toczydlowski 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF 

 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 OF REGO PAYMENT ARCHITECTURES,
INC. 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rego Payment Architectures,
Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ),
I, Peter S. Pelullo, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Peter S. Pelullo 

Peter S. Pelullo 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF 

 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 OF REGO PAYMENT ARCHITECTURES,
INC. 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rego Payment Architectures,
Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ),
I, Joseph R. Toczydlowski, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Joseph R. Toczydlowski 

Joseph R. Toczydlowski 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rpmt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 rpmt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rpmt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rpmt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rpmt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

