<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1793229_0001793229-23-000013.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13188397</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>477889</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2338073</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4139276</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3251919</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2786779</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001793229-23-000013.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301073056
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001793229-23-000013
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		117
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MultiPlan Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001793229
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				843536151
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39228
		FILM NUMBER:		23689793

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		115 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 780-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		115 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Churchill Capital Corp III
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200127

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Butler Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20191105

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001793229-23-000013.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 mpln-20221231.htm
 10-K

mpln-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (MARK ONE) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Issuer's telephone number) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes o x 
 Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer", "smaller reporting company", and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x Accelerated filer o 
 Non-accelerated filer o 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management assessment of effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of shares of common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022, was approximately million. 
 As of February 22, 2023, shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 Table of Contents 
 Pages Glossary 
 3 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 9 
 Part I 
 Item 1. Business 
 11 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 24 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 48 
 Item 2. Properties 
 48 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 48 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 48 
 Part II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant ' s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 48 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 50 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 51 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 71 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 72 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 111 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 111 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 111 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 111 
 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 112 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 112 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 112 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 112 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 113 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 113 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 115 
 Signatures 
 116 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Unless otherwise noted, "we," "us," "our", "MultiPlan", and the "Company" and similar terms refer to MultiPlan Corporation and its subsidiaries. 
 GLOSSARY 
 Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this "Annual Report") or the context otherwise requires, references to: 
 "2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan" are to our 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as it may be amended and/or restated from time to time; 
 "5.50 Senior Secured Notes" are to the 1,050,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 5.50 Senior Secured Notes due 2028 issued by MPH; 
 "5.750 Notes" are to the 1,300,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 5.750 Senior Notes due 2028 issued by MPH; 
 "7.125 Notes" are to the 7.125 Senior Notes due 2024 issued by MPH. All of the outstanding 7.125 Notes were redeemed on October 29, 2020; 
 "Abacus" are to Abacus Insights, Inc.; 
 "Adjusted EPS" are to adjusted earnings per share; 
 "Affordable Care Act" are to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act; 
 "AMPS" are to Advanced Medical Pricing Solutions; 
 "ASC" are to Accounting Standards Codification; 
 "ASU" are to Accounting Standard Update; 
 "Board" are to the board of directors of the Company; 
 "CARES Act" are to The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act; 
 "Cash Interest" are to interest paid in cash on the Senior Convertible PIK Notes; 
 "CECL" are to the accounting standard on the current expected credit losses methodology issued by the FASB; 
 "Churchill" are to Churchill Capital Corp III, a Delaware corporation, which changed its name to MultiPlan Corporation following the consummation of the Transactions; 
 "Churchill IPO" are to the initial public offering by Churchill which closed on February 19, 2020; 
 "Churchill's Class A common stock" are, prior to consummation of the Transactions, to Churchill's Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share and, following consummation of the Transactions, to our Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share; 
 "Churchill's Class B common stock" are to Churchill's Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share; 
 "Class A common stock" are to MultiPlan's Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share; 
 "Closing" are to the consummation of the Mergers; 
 "Closing Date" are to October 8, 2020, the date on which the Transactions were consummated; 
 "CMS" are to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services; 
 "Common PIPE Investment" are to the private placement pursuant to which Churchill entered into subscription agreements with certain investors whereby such investors subscribed for (a) 130,000,000 shares of Churchill's Class A common stock at a 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 purchase price of 10.00 per share for an aggregate commitment of 1,300,000,000 and (b) warrants to purchase 6,500,000 shares of Churchill's Class A Common Stock (for each share of Churchill's Class A common stock subscribed, the investor received 1/20th of a warrant to purchase one share of Churchill's Class A common stock, with each whole warrant having a strike price of 12.50 per share and a maturity date of October 8, 2025). The Common PIPE Investment was subject to an original issue discount (which was paid in additional shares of Churchill's Class A common stock) of 1 for subscriptions of 250,000,000 or less and 2.5 for subscriptions of more than 250,000,000, which resulted in an additional 2,050,000 shares of Churchill's Class A common stock being issued. The Common PIPE Investment was consummated on the Closing Date; 
 "Common PIPE Investors" are to the investors participating in the Common PIPE Investment; 
 "common stock" are, prior to the consummation of the Transactions, to Churchill's Class A common stock and Churchill's Class B common stock and, following consummation of the Transactions, to the Class A common stock; 
 "Company" are, prior to the consummation of the Transactions, to Churchill and, following consummation of the Transactions, to MultiPlan Corporation; 
 "Consumers" are to Payors and their insureds, policyholders or health plan members; 
 "Convertible PIPE Investment" are to the private placement pursuant to which the Company entered into subscription agreements with certain investors whereby such investors agreed to buy 1,300,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Senior Convertible PIK Notes. The Convertible PIPE Investment was consummated on the Closing Date; 
 "COVID-19" are to the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 "DGCL" are to the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended; 
 "DHP" are to Discovery Health Partners; 
 "Director RSUs" are to restricted stock units issued to the Company's Non-Employee Directors under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (other than those Non-Employee Directors who have elected to forego their right to director compensation); 
 "Employee RS" are to grants of restricted stock awarded to certain employees under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan; 
 "Employee RSUs" are to grants of restricted stock units awarded to certain employees under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan; 
 "Employee NQSOs" are to grants of non-qualified stock options awarded to certain employees under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan; 
 "EDI" are to electronic data interchange; 
 "Employee RS" are to grants of restricted stock awarded to certain employees under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan; 
 "EPS" are to Loss and Earnings Per Share; 
 "ERISA" are to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; 
 "ESRD" are to End Stage Renal Disease; 
 "Exchange Act" are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 
 "FASB" are to the Financial Accounting Standards Board; 
 "First Health" are to First Health Group Corp., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Aetna, Inc.; 
 "First Merger Sub" are to Music Merger Sub I, Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company; 
 "Fixed Value RSUs" are to restricted stock units granted based on a fixed monetary amount under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan in accordance with the terms of the related side letter; 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 "founder shares" are to shares of Churchill's Class B common stock and Churchill's Class A common stock issued upon the automatic conversion thereof in connection with the Closing; 
 "GAAP" are to generally accepted accounting principles in United States of America; 
 "H F" are to Hellman Friedman Capital Partners VIII, L.P.; 
 "HIPAA" are to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, each as amended, and the regulations that implement such laws; 
 "HMOs" are to a health maintenance organizations; 
 "Holdings" are to Polaris Investment Holdings, L.P.; 
 "Holdings Board" is Board of Directors of Holdings, established by its general partner, Polaris Investment Holdings GP, LLC; 
 "HST" are to HSTechnology Solutions, Inc.; 
 "Insiders" are to Michael Klein, Jay Taragin, Jeremy Paul Abson, Glenn R. August, Mark Klein, Malcolm S. McDermid, and Karen G. Mills; 
 "Integration expenses" are costs associated with the integration of acquired companies into MultiPlan; 
 "Investor Rights Agreement" are to the Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2020, by and among the Company, the Sponsor, Holdings, H F, the PIF and certain other parties thereto; 
 "IPO Corporation" are to an entity resulting from a reorganization, conversion, redomiciliation, distribution, exchange or other transaction undertaken in preparation for an initial public offering; 
 "KG" are to The Klein Group, LLC, an affiliate of Michael Klein and the Sponsor and an affiliate and wholly owned subsidiary of M. Klein and Company. KG (and not the Sponsor) was engaged by Churchill to act as Churchill's financial advisor in connection with the Transactions, and as a placement agent in connection with the PIPE Investment as more fully described herein; 
 "LIBOR" are to London Interbank Offered Rate; 
 "Liquidity Event" are to any transaction or series or related transactions involving (i) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Holdings on a consolidated basis to a person, or group of persons, other than (A) the H F Investors and their affiliates or (B) a distribution of IPO Corporation to the unitholders of Holdings as part of an IPO Conversion (as defined in the unitholders agreement) or following an initial public offering, (ii) a merger, reorganization, consolidation or other similar corporate transaction in which the outstanding voting securities of Holdings are exchanged for securities of the successor entity and the holders of the voting securities of Holdings immediately prior to such transaction do not own a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the successor entity immediately upon completion of such transaction or (iii) the direct or indirect sale (whether by sale, merger or otherwise) of all or a majority of the voting securities of Holdings to a person, or group of persons, other than the H F Investors and their affiliates; 
 "M. Klein and Company" are to M. Klein and Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and its affiliates; 
 "MA" are to Medicare Advantage plans; 
 "Merger Agreement" are to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 12, 2020, by and among Churchill, MultiPlan Parent, Holdings, First Merger Sub and Second Merger Sub, as the same has been or may be amended, modified, supplemented or waived from time to time; 
 "Mergers" are to, together, (a) the merger of First Merger Sub with and into MultiPlan Parent with MultiPlan Parent being the surviving company in the merger (the "First Merger") and (b) immediately following and as part of the same transaction as the First Merger, the merger of MultiPlan Parent with and into Second Merger Sub, with Second Merger Sub surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Churchill (the "Second Merger"); 
 "MPH" are to MPH Acquisition Holdings LLC; 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 "MultiPlan" are, prior to consummation of the Transactions, to MultiPlan Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries and, following consummation of the Transactions, to MultiPlan Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries; 
 "MultiPlan Parent" are to Polaris Parent Corp., a Delaware corporation; 
 "NCQA" are to the National Committee for Quality Assurance; 
 "Non-Employee Director" are to each member of our Board that is not an employee of the Company or any parent or subsidiary of the Company; 
 "NSA" are to the No Surprises Act, which is part of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021, and the regulations that implement such law; 
 "Non-income taxes" includes personal property taxes, real estate taxes, sales and use taxes and franchise taxes which are included in cost of services and general and administrative expenses; 
 "OCR" are to U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights; 
 "Other expenses, net" represents miscellaneous non-recurring income, miscellaneous non-recurring expenses, gain or loss on disposal of assets, impairment of other assets, gain or loss on disposal of leases, tax penalties, and non-integration related severance costs; 
 "Payors" are our customers and potential customers, which include large national insurance companies, Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans, provider-sponsored and independent health plans, TPAs, bill review companies, Taft-Hartley plans, self-insured employers, federal and state government-sponsored health plans and other entities that pay medical bills related to the commercial healthcare, government, workers' compensation and auto medical markets; 
 "P C" are to Property Casualty; 
 "PCAOB" are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); 
 "PSAV" are to percentage of savings; 
 "PEPM" are to per-employee-per-month; 
 "PHI" are to Protected Health Information; 
 "PIK Interest" are to interest paid through an increase in the principal amount of the outstanding Senior Convertible PIK Notes or through the issuance of additional Senior Convertible PIK Notes; 
 "PIPE Investment" are to, collectively, the Common PIPE Investment and the Convertible PIPE Investment; 
 "PIPE Warrants" are to the warrants to purchase Churchill's Class A common stock issued in connection with the Common PIPE Investment, on terms identical to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants, other than the exercise period that started on November 7, 2020, the exercise price which is 12.50 per share and the redemption feature that exists for all holders of the PIPE warrants. 
 "Polaris" is Polaris Parent Corp., a Delaware corporation and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Holdings and parent company to MultiPlan, Inc.; 
 "Polaris Agreement" are to a Class B Unit Award Agreement; 
 "Polaris Plan" are to an incentive plan established by Holdings effective June 7, 2016; 
 "Polaris Plan Participants" are to directors, officers, employees, consultants and advisors who are eligible for the Polaris Plan; 
 "PPOs" are to Preferred Provider Organizations; 
 "Private Placement Warrants" are to warrants issued to the Sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of the Churchill IPO and the Working Capital Warrants whose terms are identical to the Private Placement Warrants; 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 "public shares" are to shares of Churchill's Class A common stock sold as part of the units in the Churchill IPO (whether they were purchased in the Churchill IPO or thereafter in the open market); 
 "public shareholders" are to the holders of the Company's public shares, including the Sponsor and Churchill's officers and directors to the extent the Sponsor and Churchill's officers or directors purchase public shares, provided that each of their status as a "public shareholder" shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 
 "Public Warrants" are to the Company's warrants sold as part of the units in the Churchill IPO (whether they were purchased in the Churchill IPO or thereafter in the open market); 
 "PwC" are to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PCAOB ID ); 
 "Qualifying Payment Amount" or "QPA" are, with respect to a sponsor of a group health plan and health insurance issuer offering group or individual health insurance coverage, for an item or service furnished during 2022, the median of contracted rates recognized by the plan or issuer, respectively, as the total maximum payment under such plans or coverage, respectively, on January 31, 2019, for the same or a similar item or service that is provided by a provider in the same or similar specialty and provided in the same geographic region in which the item or service is furnished, consistent with the methodology established by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ("HHS") in regulations, and increased by the percentage increase in the consumer price index for all urban consumers (United States city average) over 2019, such percentage increase over 2020, and such percentage increase over 2021, as described in 42 U.S.C. 300gg-111 and HHS regulations; 
 "RBP" are to Reference-Based Pricing formerly referred to as Medical Reimbursement Analysis; 
 "Refinancing" are to (a) the consummation of the 5.750 Notes offering by MPH and the increase of the revolving credit facility under the senior secured credit facilities from 100.0 million to 450.0 million and (b) the repayment of all outstanding 7.125 Notes and 369.0 million of indebtedness under MPH's term loan facility with the net proceeds of the 5.750 Notes offering, together with cash on hand, which occurred on October 29, 2020; 
 "Revolver B" are to the revolving credit facility in conjunction with Term Loan B and maturing on August 24, 2026; 
 "Revolver G" are to the revolving credit facility in conjunction with Term Loan G and replaced by Revolver B on August 24, 2021; 
 "Revolving credit facility" are to MPH's 450.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility; 
 "RICO" are to the Racketeering Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act; 
 "ROU" are to operating lease right-of-use asset; 
 "SEC" are to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission; 
 "Second Merger Sub" are to Music Merger Sub II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company; 
 "Section 404" are to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 
 "Securities Act" are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
 "Senior Convertible PIK Notes" are the 6.00 / 7.00 Convertible Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2027; 
 "Senior PIK Notes" are to the 8.500 / 9.250 Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2022 issued by Polaris Intermediate Corp. on November 21, 2017. All of the outstanding Senior PIK Notes were redeemed on October 8, 2020; 
 "senior secured credit facilities" are to MPH's senior secured credit facilities which, before August 24, 2021, consist of (a) a 2,341.0 million term loan facility maturing on June 7, 2023 and (b) a 450.0 million revolving credit facility maturing on June 7, 2023, and as of and after August 24, 2021 consist of (a) a 1,325.0 million term loan facility maturing on September 1, 2028 and (b) a 450.0 million revolving credit facility maturing on August 24, 2026; 
 "Sponsor" are to Churchill Sponsor III, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of M. Klein and Company in which certain of Churchill's directors and officers hold membership interests; 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 "Sponsor Agreement" are to the Amended and Restated Sponsor Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2020, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and the Insiders; 
 "Sponsor Note" are to the unsecured promissory note issued by the Company to the Sponsor in an aggregate principal amount of 1,500,000. The Sponsor converted the unpaid balance of the Sponsor Note into Working Capital Warrants in connection with the Closing; 
 "Subscription Agreements" are to, collectively, the (a) common stock subscription agreements entered into (i) by and between Churchill and the PIF and (ii) by and among Churchill, Holdings and MultiPlan Parent, on the one hand, and certain investment funds, on the other hand, in each case, dated as of July 12, 2020 and entered into in connection with the Common PIPE Investment and (b) subscription agreements, dated as of July 12, 2020, entered into in connection with the Convertible PIPE Investment; 
 "TCJA" are to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017; 
 "Term Loan B" are to a term loan payable borrowed on August 24, 2021 in the amount of 1,325.0 million with a group of lenders due and payable on September 1, 2028; 
 "Term Loan G" are to a term loan payable borrowed on June 7, 2016 in the amount of 3,500.0 million with a group of lenders and was repaid in full on August 24, 2021; 
 "TPAs" are to Third Party Administrators; 
 "Transactions" are to the Mergers, together with the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and the related agreements; 
 "Transactions-related expenses" represents transaction costs, including those related to the Transactions and litigation related thereto as well as those related to any other acquisitions, whether consummated or not; 
 "Trust Account" are to the Churchill trust account that held the proceeds from the Churchill IPO prior to the consummation of the Transactions; 
 "Units" are to our stock-based compensation granted to employees in the form of Units and Holdings' Class B Units; 
 "Unvested Founder Shares" represents 12,404,080 of the Sponsor founder shares that were unvested as of October 8, 2020 in connection with the Merger Agreement and will re-vest at such time as, during the period starting on October 8, 2021 and ending on October 8, 2025, the closing price of our Class A common stock exceeds 12.50 per share for any forty (40) trading days in a sixty (60) consecutive day period. Such founder shares that do not re-vest on or before October 8, 2025 will be forfeited and cancelled; 
 "warrants" are to the Public Warrants, the Private Placement Warrants, the PIPE Warrants and the Working Capital Warrants; 
 "we," "our" or "us" are to MultiPlan and its consolidated subsidiaries; and 
 "Working Capital Warrants" are to the warrants to purchase Churchill's Class A common stock pursuant to the terms of the Sponsor Note, on terms identical to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes statements that express our and our subsidiaries' opinions, expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or projections regarding future events or future results and therefore are, or may be deemed to be, "forward-looking statements." These forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms "believes," "estimates," "anticipates," "expects," "seeks," "projects," "intends," "plans," "may," "will" or "should" or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K and these forward-looking statements reflect management's expectations regarding our future growth, results of operations, operational and financial performance and business prospects and opportunities. Such forward-looking statements are based on available current market material and management's expectations, beliefs and forecasts concerning future events impacting our business. Factors that may impact such forward-looking statements include: 
 the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and its related effects on our results of operations, financial performance, liquidity or other financial metrics; 
 loss of our customers, particularly our largest customers; 
 trends in the U.S. healthcare system, including recent trends of unknown duration of reduced healthcare utilization and increased patient financial responsibility for services; 
 inability to preserve or increase our existing market share or the size of our PPO networks; 
 effects of competition; 
 effects of pricing pressure; 
 the inability of our customers to pay for our services; 
 decreases in discounts from providers; 
 the loss of our existing relationships with providers; 
 the loss of key members of our management team or inability to maintain sufficient qualified personnel; 
 pressure to limit access to preferred provider networks; 
 the ability to achieve the goals of our strategic plans and recognize the anticipated strategic, operational, growth and efficiency benefits when expected; 
 our ability to enter new lines of business and broaden the scope of our services; 
 our ability to identify, complete and successfully integrate acquisitions; 
 our ability to obtain additional financing; 
 changes in our industry and in industry standards and technology; 
 interruptions or security breaches of our information technology systems and other cybersecurity attacks; 
 our ability to protect proprietary information, processes and applications; 
 our ability to maintain the licenses or right of use for the software we use; 
 our inability to expand our network infrastructure; 
 changes in accounting principles or the incurrence of impairment charges; 
 our ability to remediate any material weaknesses or maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; 
 our ability to continue to attract, motivate and retain a large number of skilled employees, and adapt to the effects of inflationary pressure on wages; 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 changes in our regulatory environment, including healthcare law and regulations; 
 the expansion of privacy and security laws; 
 heightened enforcement activity by government agencies; 
 our ability to pay interest and principal on our notes and other indebtedness; 
 lowering or withdrawal of our credit ratings; 
 the possibility that we may be adversely affected by other political, economic, business, and/or competitive factors; 
 adverse outcomes related to litigation or governmental proceedings; 
 other factors disclosed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K; and 
 other factors beyond our control. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on our business. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting our business will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading "Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Part I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Our Company 
 MultiPlan is a leading provider of data analytics and technology-enabled solutions designed to bring affordability, efficiency and fairness to the U.S. healthcare industry. We do so through services focused on reducing medical costs and improving billing and payment accuracy for the Payors of healthcare, which are primarily health insurers, self-insured employers, federal and state government-sponsored health plans and other health plan sponsors (typically through their health plan administrators), and, indirectly, the plan members who are the consumers of healthcare services. 
 MultiPlan was founded in 1980 as a New York-based hospital network and has evolved both organically and through acquisition into an integrated data and analytics platform offering a suite of services which efficiently address the cost of medical services. 
 Payors of healthcare have essentially three strategies for reducing medical cost: managing the utilization of medical services, lowering the per-unit cost of medical services incurred, and ensuring the services are reimbursed without error and accepted by the provider. MultiPlan services currently target the latter two of these approaches, as illustrated by the schematic below, which shows the value chain for healthcare services from care provision to payment. 
 
 Summary of the Healthcare Claim Lifecycle 
 
 Pre-Payment Services Post-Payment Services 
 
 Dotted box = addressed by MultiPlan Solutions 
 MultiPlan sits at the nexus of four constituencies Payors, employers/plan sponsors, plan members and providers offering an independent reimbursement solution to reduce healthcare costs in a manner that is systematic, efficient and fair to all parties involved. Although the end beneficiary of our services are employers and other plan sponsors and their health plan members, our direct customers are typically health plan administrators who go to market with our services. Over the last 40+ years, we have developed a platform that offers these Payors a single interface to a comprehensive set of services, which are used in combination or individually to reduce the medical cost burden on their health plan customers and members while fostering independently developed fair and efficient reimbursements to healthcare providers. 
 MultiPlan offers services to our customers in three categories: 
 Analytics-Based Services : a suite of data-driven algorithms and insights that detect claims over-charges and either negotiate or recommend fair reimbursement for out-of-network medical costs using a variety of data sources and pricing algorithms. These services are applied prior to the payment of the claim and are often processed within a day of receipt; 
 Network-Based Services : contracted discounts with healthcare providers to form one of the largest independent preferred provider organizations ("PPO") in the United States, as well as outsourced network development and/or management services. These services are applied prior to the payment of the claim and are typically processed within a day of receipt; and, 
 Payment and Revenue Integrity Services : data, technology, and clinical expertise deployed to identify and remove improper and unnecessary charges before or after claims are paid, or to identify and help restore and preserve underpaid premium dollars. 
 Our comprehensive service offerings are often utilized as a suite of solutions to manage medical costs and are often embedded into our customers' technology environments, enabling us to maintain long-term relationships with a number of our customers, including relationships of over 25 years with some of the nation's largest Payors. For the year ended December 31, 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 2022, our services identified approximately 22.3 billion in potential medical cost savings. In addition, because in most instances the fee for our services is directly linked to the savings utilized by our customers, our revenue model is aligned with the interests of our customers. 
 Our Competitive Advantages 
 We believe MultiPlan is uniquely positioned by the competitive advantages we have cultivated and continue to develop. These advantages consist of a platform of differentiated resources that are difficult to replicate, as well as dynamic capabilities that enable us to quickly reconfigure our resources to address our customers evolving needs and to capture new opportunities in the market. 
 The unique resources on our platform include: 
 Proprietary data, deep domain expertise, and continuous customer engagement We use the knowledge acquired from servicing 700+ Payors and data from over 40 years of processing claims to improve our service offerings and to customize those offerings to our customers individual needs and preferences. 
 
 Proprietary pricing methodologies Our claim pricing methodologies, which in some cases are supported by a patented benchmarking process, produce high levels of provider acceptance based on their rigor, transparency, independence, and track record of producing fair and efficient reimbursements. 
 A nationwide network of over 1.3 million contracted providers Our provider network was developed discretely over the course of 40+ years and is supported by our credentialing and data management expertise, sophisticated matching engine, and a network development team consisting of over 100 professionals. The breadth of our provider network enables us to offer extensive, flexible network configurations to our customers. 
 A claims negotiation team consisting of over 400 experts who are supported by data and analytics tools and AI-driven workflows. 
 Together with our unique resources, we have developed domain expertise, intellectual capital and processes that allow us to reconfigure, build, and integrate internal and external resources and competencies in response to changes in the markets in which we operate. Among others, these dynamic capabilities include new service and product development strategies, knowledge creation and retention strategies to turn new insights and learning into institutional knowledge, resource allocation strategies focused on the efficient distribution of our resources, and acquisition and alliance strategies that bring new resources and competencies into the Company from the external sources. Our set of dynamic capabilities enables us to modify our existing operational strategies and processes to be highly responsive to our evolving customer needs. We believe this flexibility is an essential feature of our customer value proposition and a durable source of competitive advantage. 
 In addition to the unique resources and dynamic capabilities on our platform, we enjoy economies of scale that allow us to produce valuable services for our customers at lower unit costs than our competitors and to make significant investments in these services on behalf of our customers. In 2022, we processed over 155.2 billion in claim charges and identified over 22.3 billion in potential savings for customers. 
 U.S. Healthcare Industry 
 The Peterson-Kaiser Family Foundation Health System Tracker currently reports that an estimated 12,000 per person is spent on healthcare in the United States per year, representing the highest per capita healthcare spend among the world s 11 highest income countries. At the same time, U.S. healthcare ranks last out of these 11 countries in terms of healthcare quality and efficacy. MultiPlan s mission is to help address this internationally identified deficiency in the U.S. healthcare system with services that reduce healthcare costs while delivering fairness, efficiency and affordability. 
 According to Centers for Medicare and Medicaid ("CMS"), Americans spent 4.3 trillion, or 18.3 of U.S. GDP, on healthcare in 2021 which equates to approximately 12,914 per person. Healthcare spending is projected to grow by 5.4 annually through 2028. CMS estimates that, at this rate, healthcare spend will represent 6.2 trillion by 2028. The Census Bureau reports that about 298 million people in the U.S. had health insurance coverage in 2020, of which 177 million were covered under employer-sponsored plans. CMS also cites that nearly 28 million people were enrolled in Medicare Advantage ("MA") plans in 2022, and another estimated 54 million were enrolled in managed Medicaid plans based on 2019 CMS figures. 
 Healthcare spending is a function of both utilization and cost. Many factors drive the expected growth in both. Long-term utilization is presently increasing due to a population that is both aging and experiencing more chronic disease. The advent of new treatments, modalities and technologies spur further utilization. Medical cost is increasing with increases in per-unit prices, 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 driven in part by those same new treatments, modalities and technologies as well as the additional administrative burden of complying with new regulations. Costs also increase with the continued complexities of healthcare billing, which leads to unintended billing issues. As expenditures continue to rise, stakeholders and especially Payors are becoming increasingly focused on solutions that reduce medical costs and improve billing and payment accuracy. 
 An estimated 1.2 trillion, or about a third of U.S. healthcare expenditures, are attributed to some form of waste or abuse that leads to overcharges. MultiPlan s services directly address the overcharges that accounts for about 400 billion of waste/abuse, including excessive prices, clinical billing errors, suspect billing schemes and patterns, errors in enrollment data and, in some cases, services provided unnecessarily. 
 We believe cost management and billing and payment accuracy will continue to be highly important to Payors across the markets we serve. We expect growth in demand for these services will be driven by two major trends: (i) increasing costs per claim from medical inflation and treatment, modalities, and technology enhancements and (ii) increasing treatment volume from an aging population and growth of the insured population in the U.S. As medical activity rises as a result of an aging population and a focus on preventative healthcare and technological advances, medical claims volume and costs are expected to increase significantly, which we believe will further increase utilization of our solutions. We see opportunity in countering the accelerating pace of medical cost inflation, leading to more savings for our customers and associated revenues for the Company. 
 Of the 400 billion in estimated waste/abuse, we estimate the serviceable addressable market SAM for our out-of-network cost management and out of network payment integrity solutions is approximately 6 to 8 billion. We estimate the SAM for our in-network payment integrity solutions is approximately 4 to 5 billion. 
 MultiPlan Services 
 Analytics-Based Services. 
 Our Analytics-Based Services reduce the per-unit cost of claims using data-driven negotiation and/or reference-based pricing methodologies. These services often are used in a solution hierarchy after MultiPlan's network services to reduce claims with no available network contract, but are also used standalone. Value-Driven Health Plan services bundle network and reference-based pricing to enable a blended benefit plan design. All of the services in this category leverage our information technology platform, public data sources, and the billions of claims that we have reviewed and are included in our database reflecting both network and out-of-network priced claims, as well as the results of clinical coding analyses. They feature proprietary algorithms and machine learning/AI to allow claims to be processed quickly and accurately. 
 Reference-Based Pricing ("RBP") . RBP provides Payors with a recommended payment amount for out-of-network claims based on a reference point. Most RBP programs in the market uses Medicare as the reference point. We also offer this option, but most customers elect to use our Data iSight program which uses facility cost as the facility reference point and median reimbursed amounts as the professional reference point. The facility pricing methodology features a patented benchmarking process that determines the cost of a group of like claims from like providers in the same geography. Both methodologies use data from readily-available public and private sources which feed our proprietary automated algorithms to deliver defensible, consistent pricing. RBP recommendations do not incorporate member protection from balance billing, so the service includes optional post-payment negotiation and patient advocacy services to negotiate settlements where needed to eliminate balance billing. Our cost-driven approach was developed with input from healthcare facilities, and was designed to address the typical issues providers have with reference-based pricing. As a result, we believe the propensity for providers to balance bill is materially lower than other similar services. Data iSight delivers provider acceptance of over 90 for facility and 96 for professional claims, and for those claims that are appealed, we successfully retain about 88 of savings through education and negotiation. We offer a number of additional choices of reference point, including: median contracted rates (adjusted to the Qualifying Payment Amount for certain surprise bill claims), and usual and customary charges. Our Reference-Based Pricing services are used by all types of Payors, most notably large commercial insurers, Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans, provider-sponsored and independent health plans. They are most commonly priced at a percentage of savings identified. 
 Value-Driven Health Plan Services ("VDHP") . VDHP is a form of reference-based pricing that bundles member and provider engagement tools to enable employers and other health plan sponsors to offer low-cost health plans. The engagement tools include member shopping based on quality, cost and provider acceptance of the reimbursement; provider education and, where applicable, negotiation in advance or after payment; point-of-service cash payment processing; and other features designed to ensure satisfaction of both members and providers while delivering significant cost reduction. These tools distinguish VDHPs from other plans using RBP because they deliver many of the benefits that plan members and providers expect with a PPO network, and therefore make it feasible to replace the network either in part or in full. Provider acceptance of the reference price is about 98 . Our VDHP service offerings enable a range of VDHP configurations, including a "standard" 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 form of VDHP which integrates our PPO network for professional and select facility services; a "full" VDHP which has no network; and a community-based VDHP which features an agreement with a marquee health system in the area to accept the reference-based price in exchange for preferred steerage of the health plan s members. VDHP services are sold to employers directly using the broker/consultant channel, or through Third-Party Administrators ("TPAs"). Today, they are most in demand in the small and mid-sized group market. They are most commonly priced per-employee/member-per-month ("PEPM"). 
 Financial Negotiation. Our financial negotiation services assist Payors with pricing out-of-network claims from providers with whom neither the Payor nor MultiPlan have been able to secure a contractual discount. We handle these claims on an individual basis and attempt to negotiate with the provider an acceptable payment amount for a specific claim that includes member protections from balance billing. Negotiation agreements protect the health plan member from balance billing. Approximately half of the successfully negotiated claims are completed in a fully automated manner. These claims include those in which the proposed negotiated amount is generated by algorithms and automatically transmitted to the provider s office, and/or that are electronically accepted and signed by the provider. Certain providers also choose to set up an arrangement with MultiPlan for pre-determined levels of discount to be automatically deducted on claims that would otherwise be individually negotiated. For those claims that are not automatically negotiated, MultiPlan works directly with the provider's office through our negotiations staff, which is aided by extensive workflow and benchmarking tools. Financial negotiation services are used by all types of Payors, most notably Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans, provider-sponsored and independent health plans. They are priced at a percentage of savings identified. 
 Surprise Billing Services. Introduced in 2021, our surprise billing services help Payors comply, or help their employer/plan sponsor customers comply, with the federal No Surprises Act ("NSA"), which became effective on January 1, 2022. Interim final regulations issued on July 13, 2021 and October 7, 2021 ("IFRs") and then final regulations issued on August 26, 2022 (the "Final Rules"), have provided additional detail on how payors and providers must operate under the NSA. These IFRs and Final Rules implemented portions of the NSA and introduced changes to the reimbursement process of certain types of medical claims, increasing what was typically a one- to two-step reimbursement process to five steps. MultiPlan performs all five steps in an end-to-end service, or makes each step available as components to meet the specific needs of each Payor. The steps require extensive data collection and analysis to identify claims as surprise bills under the law s definition; calculate the new QPA introduced by the law and append it to the claim; create an initial payment amount for the claim, typically by using the QPA as the reference point; negotiate a settlement as needed; and take claims through an independent dispute resolution process as needed. In offering these new services, we leverage existing technology and expertise in data science, claim pricing, and negotiation. The services are used by all types of Payors that must comply with the NSA, and are priced either as a percentage of savings for the end-to-end service, or on a per-claim basis for individual components. 
 Network-Based Services 
 Our Network-Based Services reduce the per-unit cost of claims through contracts with providers and facilities that establish discounts with member protection from balance billing in exchange for patient steerage and other provider-friendly terms and conditions. These services generally are used first in a solution hierarchy with members actively steered to participating providers through online and other directories. The services leverage our extensive network development, credentialing and data management capabilities as well as a sophisticated transaction engine that matches rendering provider information on the claim to the applicable network contract so the discount can be applied. We offer a variety of network configurations to support all types and sizes of health plans, generally used as either the primary network, or as a complement to another primary network. 
 Primary Networks. For Payors without their own direct contractual discount arrangements with providers, our primary networks serve as the network for the Payor s commercial health plans in a given service area in exchange for a PEPM rate, or as the Payor s out-of-area extended primary network in exchange for a percentage of the savings identified. Our national primary network, branded PHCS Network, has been continuously accredited for credentialing by the National Committee for Quality Assurance ("NCQA") since 2001. We believe this provides assurances to employers/plan sponsors and plan members of the quality of providers in the network. Customers mainly include provider-sponsored and independent health plans; Taft-Hartley plans and TPAs, as it is more cost effective for these Payors to outsource this function than to incur the expense of developing and maintaining their own network of thousands of doctors and hospitals. 
 Complementary Networks. Our complementary networks provide Payor customers with access to our national network of healthcare providers that offer discounts under the health plan s out-of-network benefits, or otherwise can be accessed secondary to another network. Payors use the network to expand provider choice for consumers, and to achieve contracted price reductions with member protections on more claims. The service is priced based on a percentage of savings identified. Customers most commonly include large commercial insurers, property and casualty carriers via their bill review vendors, Taft-Hartley plans, provider-sponsored and independent health plans, and some TPAs. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Other Network Services. We also offer network build and network management services. Network build services comprise custom development of and/or access to primary network contracts, leveraging our extensive network development team and analytic tools, including a tool combining internal provider data with public sources to enable strategic targeting of providers to be contracted. Customers of this custom build/access service include MA and Medicaid health plans seeking assistance with expansion plans or help maintaining the required network adequacy. Network management services enable health plans to outsource key steps in their claim adjudication. We load proprietary or third-party network demographic and rate information and perform claim pricing as well as optional credentialing and data management services for claims associated to networks that aren t owned by MultiPlan. 
 Payment and Revenue Integrity Services 
 Our Payment Integrity Services use data, technology and clinical expertise to assist Payors in identifying improper, unnecessary and excessive charges before or after claims are paid, as well as issues with premiums paid by CMS for government health plans caused by discrepancies with enrollment-related data. Payment Integrity Services can be used before payment, to correct overpayments before they are issued, or after payment to enable the recovery of overpaid dollars. Revenue Integrity Services identify and correct errors in plan enrollment data that lead to underpayment of CMS premium dollars. The services rely heavily on our internal and other data sources, advanced analysis, machine learning and transaction processing technology, as well as clinical expertise to aid in the identification and selection of issues to be addressed with the least provider abrasion. 
 Clinical Negotiation . This is a specialized pre-payment integrity service targeting claims not reduced through a commercial healthcare Payor s primary network(s). Eligible claims are taken through payment integrity analytics and a scoring process to identify scenarios where a clinical discussion with the billing provider is warranted. Based on the resulting score, a claim reduction is negotiated with the provider based on clinical findings and a signed agreement is obtained. This service is most commonly used by large commercial Payors, Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans, and provider-sponsored and other independent health plans. Claims are priced based on a percentage of savings identified. Clinical Negotiation also is integrated into MultiPlan's network pricing so the majority of customers benefit from this pre-payment integrity service. 
 Pre-Payment Clinical Reviews . Pre-payment claims utilize payment integrity analytics, which may include any of the following additional reviews: medical coder, clinician, medical record or itemized bill. Claims are returned with recommended corrections. The services target all claims, including a Payor s in-network claims, and are most commonly used by large commercial and MA/Medicaid insurers, Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans, and provider-sponsored and other independent health plans. Services are priced based on a percentage of savings identified, where savings is defined as the difference between the allowed amount established by pricing the claim through its normal process and the corrected allowed established based on items/services flagged for removal during the review. Some of the services also are integrated into MultiPlan's network pricing and analytics-based services so the majority of customers benefit from our pre-payment integrity clinical review services. 
 Coordination of Benefits and Subrogation Services (pre- and post-payment) . Coordination of Benefits identifies payments that should have been made by a health plan member's other health insurance coverage (for example, if the member's spouse has coverage through another employer-sponsored plan). Subrogation Services identify payments made related to an accident that are the responsibility of another responsible third party. The services use data, technology and highly experienced staff to identify cases, validate coverage status, report or recover dollars paid in error, and assist with root cause correction to avoid future potential overpayments. Subrogation services are also available in a Software-as-a-Service ("SaaS") model. These services are used by commercial, MA and managed Medicaid Payors and depending on the service, are priced based on a percentage of savings identified and/or recovered, per member per year, or per member with primary coverage identified. 
 Data Mining (post-payment) . Data Mining deploys payment integrity analytics combining industry-accepted rules and plan-specific policies to identify overpayments associated with claim adjudication errors, billing errors and contract language, as well as their root causes. Findings are returned to the Payor for action. These services are used by commercial, MA, managed Medicaid and state Medicaid Payors and are priced based on a percentage of savings identified and/or recovered. 
 Revenue Integrity Services . Targeting issues unique to MA Payors, these services use data, technology, and clinical expertise to identify and restore underpaid premiums, and to improve accuracy of future premiums paid to MA plans by CMS. There are three services currently offered, typically used in combination: Medicare Secondary Payor interfaces with CMS to confirm member eligibility records for primacy, correct inaccuracies, and help restore and preserve underpaid premium dollars; End Stage Renal Disease ("ESRD") analyzes claim data to identify MA plan members with missing ESRD statuses at CMS and works with dialysis providers and CMS to correct the statuses; and Part D Other Health Insurance ("OHI") leverages analytics to identify MA plan members where the Part D Pharmacy Coverage on file with CMS is inaccurate and effectuates corrections with CMS. The updated Part D information improves compliance, efficiencies and member satisfaction. These services are priced based on a percentage of the CMS premiums restored to the MA Payor. Part D OHI is priced per validated member with other primary Part D coverage. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Growth Strategy 
 In meeting its mission to drive fairness, efficiency and affordability for U.S. healthcare, MultiPlan has historically focused on helping Payors manage medical spend by lowering per-unit claim costs and improving billing and payment accuracy. Our growth strategy seeks to amplify this value proposition, and expand beyond it, by leveraging our longstanding customer relationships and extensive proprietary data and algorithms. The strategy has three components: enhancing the performance of our existing service offerings, adding new services or evolving existing service feature/function to meet shifting market requirements, and expanding beyond our three existing service lines within our core and adjacent markets. 
 We enhance existing service performance through technology, data and strategic changes aimed at delivering more value on the claim volume we already receive from existing customers. We have made and continue to make investments in combining proprietary data with third party data, and in advanced technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning to improve service performance. A recent example of this facet of our strategy is our negotiation prioritization tool, an award-winning machine learning application for our Negotiation Services to improve prioritization based on likelihood of success and other factors, thereby improving both throughput and value. 
 We routinely add services or evolve existing service features and functions within our core service offerings, with initiatives informed by continuously scanning the market and the unique insights our customers share into the market s unmet needs and changing preferences. An example of this facet of our strategy was the introduction of the 2022 No Surprises Act compliance services combining our pricing and negotiation competencies with new data and logic assets and the addition of a new arbitration service in order to enable our customers to comply with sweeping new regulations. We are now in the process of introducing the next generation of these services, which uses data science to deepen customer value and competitive advantage for MultiPlan. We have also invested in sales resources to heighten cross-selling activity with existing customers, aided by our extensive ability to bundle discrete service offerings in unique ways. 
 Finally, we maintain our focus on introducing new services, either organically or via acquisition, that deliver different value propositions to our customers. Our recent focus in this area has been on growing our footprint with in-network commercial claims and MA claims, which significantly increases our total addressable market while leveraging our deep existing customer relationships and existing technology infrastructure. In addition to the 2014 introduction of pre-payment integrity services, recent examples of this strategy component include the acquisitions of HST in 2020 and Discovery Health Partners in 2021. HST added a new service line we call Value-Driven Health Plan Services, direct-to-employer services enabling a new type of benefit plan design with reference-based pricing at its core. Discovery Health Partners broadened our pre-payment integrity services to include both post-payment integrity and revenue integrity services. This latter acquisition had the additional benefit of increasing MultiPlan's penetration in the MA and managed Medicaid markets. 
 Markets We Serve 
 We work with healthcare Payors in the commercial healthcare, government healthcare and property and casualty markets. Substantially all of MultiPlan's services are available in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia. All services are available to all applicable customers regardless of geographic location, company type or size. 
 Commercial Health 
 Commercial healthcare accounted for about 28 of the total 4.3 trillion U.S. medical spend in 2021. Commercial health plans are offered either as an insured program where the plan sponsor typically an employer and its members pay a monthly premium and the insurer pays the medical costs from those premium dollars, or as self-insured plans funded by the employer/plan sponsor and its members from a pool of funds earmarked for this purpose. Self-insured plans are typically administered by insurance companies or TPAs. Often, particularly for the national insurers, this "Administrative Services Only" ("ASO") business is larger than the at-risk insured business in terms of membership. In the year ended December 31, 2022, consistent with MultiPlan s revenue mix, the four largest publicly-held commercial health insurers reported that approximately 80 of their membership was in self-insured plans. 
 MultiPlan services benefit both fully-insured and self-insured health plans. We work with fully-insured plans directly, including national insurers, Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans, provider-sponsored and independent health plans. Because these entities are responsible for paying for medical claims, they are typically focused primarily on cost management and billing and payment accuracy with member features given less emphasis. These plans favor MultiPlan s Analytics-Based Services, and in particular RBP, over Network-Based Services. We work with self-insured plans primarily through their plan administrators, which include the same types of companies as well as TPAs and sometimes the employers/plan sponsors themselves. Over 85 of our 2022 revenues are attributed to self-insured plans that we service through their Payors or directly. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 According to a Kaiser Family Foundation's Employer Health Benefits survey, annual healthcare premiums for family health coverage exceeded 22,463 in 2022, with employees paying over 6,000 toward their cost of care. Self-insured plan sponsors are responsible for paying medical claims as well as for the satisfaction of their plan members. In a tight employment market, particularly with large employers, choice of benefits and member satisfaction concerns may have equal or more weight than medical cost. This leads to the need for Payors to offer variety in plan designs, and according to Kaiser Family Foundation, over two-thirds of large employers offer at least two benefit plan options to their employees. Consequently, these plans often include Network-Based Services in their service hierarchies and/or use the "standard" VDHP services that integrate the professional PPO network in order to generate savings for both the plan and plan member. Larger Payors servicing self-insured plans also have extensive customized processing logic to support plan design variability as the labor market shifts, and one such customer has well over 100,000 such rules in place. 
 The commercial health segment also includes individual health plans which are fully insured, and may or may not be sold through the Affordable Care Act exchanges. MultiPlan supports individual plans through the insurance companies offering these plans, and does not sell to the individual directly. 
 Government Programs 
 This market segment includes Medicare, Medicaid, TRICARE, Federal Employees Health Benefits, Veterans Administration and other federal health programs (state and municipal government health plans typically are managed as commercial plans). Commercial insurers and health plans also participate in this market segment, but there also are Payors that operate government plans exclusively. Most, but not all, of MultiPlan s commercial healthcare services also are of value to Payors of government programs. 
 Medicare Advantage plans serve the Medicare-eligible population in a private plan alternative to traditional Medicare. Kaiser Family Foundation reports that enrollment in MA plans more than doubled over the last decade. As of 2022, an estimated 28.4 million people were enrolled in MA plans compared to 26.0 million in 2021. MA Payors have a greater need for billing and payment accuracy than they do for cost management, because healthcare prices largely are set. With the growth this segment has and continues to see, there is heightened competition among Payors, which also drives the need for assistance in building network access. Today, these Payors use MultiPlan s payment and revenue integrity services. They may also outsource some portion of their provider network development to MultiPlan. 
 Medicaid and Managed Medicaid. An estimated 83.5 million people were enrolled in Medicaid and 7.1 million were enrolled in CHIP (Children s Health Insurance Program) plans as of August 2022. This reflects growth of approximately 8.0 and 1.1 , respectively, over August 2021 figures. As of 2020, 84 of Medicaid enrollees were in a managed Medicaid program. Enrollment has been growing as a result of the Medicaid expansion allowed under the Affordable Care Act. To date, 40 states and the District of Columbia have expanded or have committed to expand their Medicaid programs. The most recent growth is likely attributable to the Families First Coronavirus Response Act ("FFCRA"), which created a temporary increase in the Medicaid Federal Medical Assistance Percentage ("FMAP"). As with MA, MultiPlan s services in this segment are primarily limited to payment integrity services with some custom network development of use to bidders winning state Medicaid business under a request for proposal ("RFP"). 
 Other Programs. We have a history of developing custom networks for TRICARE and Veterans Administration programs. These are RFP driven, and MultiPlan partners with one or more Payors bidding on the business. 
 Property and Casualty 
 This market segment includes Payors of the medical services arising from work-related injuries and auto accidents, as well as other types of property and casualty insurance. There is little overlap between the commercial and government Payors and those in this segment. The insurers are often serviced by third parties that perform bill review services that include access to provider networks. We typically work with these service providers versus the carriers directly. 
 Workers' Compensation. Workers' compensation insurers must pay both the indemnity costs and the medical costs associated with an injured worker. Recent trends in medical cost inflation have become a major driver in the overall cost growth for workers' compensation insurers. As of 2020, medical services accounted for about 60 of workers' compensation claims costs compared to 40 in the early 1980s. Rising medical costs have increased focus on cost management measures for the medical portion of workers' compensation insurance claims. We provide network access and pre-payment integrity services to these Payors. Our analytics-based services are used to a lesser extent, primarily because the majority of states have established provider reimbursement fee schedules, in the absence of a network contract that provides other benefits to the Payor. 
 Auto Medical. Auto insurance carriers face costs from auto damage and medical claims. Economic losses for bodily injury liability claims increased 10 annually from 2012 2017, well above the 3 annual medical inflation rate, with medical expenses accounting for 79 of claimed losses. With ongoing medical cost inflation, this trend is expected to continue into the 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 future. MultiPlan s value in this segment is similar to the Workers Comp segment network access and payment integrity services primarily, with some interest in analytics-based services where state fee schedules are not in place. 
 Customers 
 MultiPlan works directly with over 700 Payors to manage medical cost and billing and payment accuracy for their Administrative Services Only ("ASO"), self-insured employers/plan sponsors and fully-insured health plans where applicable. We also indirectly service consumers accessing healthcare services through commercial and government health plans or property and casualty policies. In aggregate, we serve a diverse customer base comprised of national and regional insurance companies, Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans, provider-sponsored and independent health plans, TPAs, self-insured health plans, property and casualty insurers, bill review companies and other companies involved in the claim adjudication process. Through our HST subsidiary we also work with employers directly and through their brokers/consultants. 
 We believe we have strong relationships with our customers, which include substantially all of the largest health plans and their ASO platforms. Contract terms with larger customers are often three years and as many as five years, while mid- to small-sized customer contracts are often annual and typically include automatic one-year renewals. We continue to experience high renewal rates and our top ten customers based on full year 2022 revenues have been customers for an average of 25 years. Our customer relationships are further strengthened by high switching costs as MultiPlan is electronically integrated with its customers in their time-sensitive claims processing functions, and we support highly flexible benefits offerings to an extensive group of customers who often feature a MultiPlan logo on membership cards when our networks are used. 
 We estimate that in 2022 our Payor customers served over 100,000 employers/plan sponsors actively using our services through the ASO distribution channels, which generated over 85 of our combined Network and Analytics revenues in 2022. Through these plan sponsors, an estimated 60 million consumers have access to our services through their health plans. Our three largest Payor customers accounted for approximately 32 , 20 and 10 , respectively, of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. The loss of the business of one or more of our larger customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. However, at the plan sponsor level, our revenues are dispersed across a broad array of employers/plan sponsors and revenue concentration is significantly lower. Within the ASO channel, the top 10 self-insured plan sponsors represent less than 10 of our combined Analytics and Network revenues in 2022. 
 Network 
 We believe we have largest independent provider network outside of the top national Payors, with over 1.3 million healthcare providers as of December 31, 2022. The breadth of our provider network enables us to offer extensive, flexible network configurations to our customers, which we believe is a competitive advantage. Our team of approximately 100 network development professionals manages these network relationships across our Primary and Complementary PPO Networks. For existing providers, the goal of the network development team is to strengthen our existing provider relationships, help providers maintain participation across products and increase the discounts the providers extend to our customers that utilize our provider networks. 
 In addition, the network development team is responsible for executing new contracts with providers that are not currently affiliated with our networks, either on behalf of our own network or on behalf of a Payor that seeks to outsource its network contracting function. The network development team manages a sophisticated program of data mining, profiling, recruiting and ultimately contracting with new providers to increase the value provided to customers. An incentive driven pay-for-performance plan measures and rewards the success of our network development team. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Our largest customers are serviced by a team of national account managers and senior executives responsible for continued growth of the relationship. The account team partners strategically with our customers, leveraging our Healthcare Economics unit to mine the customer's data and proactively present opportunities to the customer to improve performance and competitive position. This team also delivers account service, including daily claims management, RFPs, service inquiries and other marketing and operational support functions. The national account managers are compensated with a base salary plus bonus linked to customer retention. 
 The majority of our customers are serviced by a dedicated team of account managers and account service professionals organized into three market-focused departments Health Plans (commercial and government), TPA/Employer, and Property and Casualty. These teams also include sales professionals responsible for new customer acquisition. The market-focused account managers are responsible for relationship management as well as for growing revenue through expanded use of services. They are compensated with a base salary plus a bonus and commission based on customer retention and revenue from upselling new products. The sales professionals are compensated with a base salary plus commission based on revenue from 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 new customers. Sales and upselling efforts are supported by a marketing team which generates leads, builds brand awareness, implements and educates customers and develops proposals. 
 Information Technology 
 
 Our IT platform provides a substantial competitive advantage. We have made significant investments in upgrading our IT infrastructure enabling us to automatically process significantly more transactions with greater accuracy and greatly improving our capacity to continuously serve our customers. Our IT is certified under HITRUST and AICPA SOC programs and we are consistently rated at the top of our peer group by BitSight, an IT security rating organization. Our proprietary network repricing application is capable of returning approximately 99 of repriced claims to our Payor customers on the same day. In 2022, our prepayment Payment Integrity and reference-based pricing services returned 99 and 97 , respectively, of claims within one day. Our proprietary negotiation application features portal technology with electronic signature acceptance, sophisticated claim distribution and prioritization algorithms enhanced with machine learning. We have implemented connectivity via EDI or direct integration using web services with all of our top customers. During 2022, the majority of claims processed in our system were received via EDI or direct web service integration, with some claims now being received via FHIR API. As we process more claims through EDI, direct web service integration, and APIs, our substantial back office interconnectivity significantly reduces complexity and the number of processing errors. Because our IT platform is scalable, it is generally able to absorb substantial increases in volume at minimal marginal costs. 
 In addition to its high levels of security and throughput, our IT platform is enhanced with access to hundreds of terabytes of structured and unstructured data across dozens of public and proprietary data sources. This comprehensive data landscape allows us to best address the needs of our customers and has both facilitated and is continually enhanced by the approximately 20 million claims we process every month. As of November 2022, the Company had the capacity to increase processing capacity by more than double with the current infrastructure. Also in 2022 we invested in data science, expanding the internal team. 
 Our Competitors 
 We compete with other companies in our markets on the basis of the effectiveness of our cost saving solutions, the quality of our customer service, and the prices of our services. We believe no single competitor currently offers the same breadth of services we provide. The breadth of our services exposes us to a broad range of competitors as described below. Any businesses we acquire in the future may introduce us to additional competitors. Our competitors vary by service, as follows: 
 Analytics-Based Services. MultiPlan competes with a variety of medical cost management companies for negotiation, reference-based pricing and surprise billing services. We compete for these services on the basis of savings effectiveness, provider acceptance, and plan member satisfaction. Our workflow and claim processing technology, user interaction and data and analytic tools are key competitive advantages. MultiPlan's competitors for these services typically are reference-based pricing services. They can be classified as programs intended to partially or fully replace networks, such as 6Degrees, AMPS, ELAP Services and Payer Compass, and those primarily accessed behind a full network, such as Zelis, ClearHealth Strategies and Naviguard. 
 Network-Based Services. We compete directly with other independent PPO networks, which are primarily regional, and with PPO network aggregators on the basis of network discounts, access, quality and price. PPO aggregators offer national access by patching together third-party networks, in some cases including MultiPlan's network. While aggregators rely on third-party networks, MultiPlan's network features direct contracts with 98 of its participating providers. MultiPlan's competitors for these services typically include First Health, TRPN, and Zelis. We also compete with PPO networks owned by our large Payor customers, primarily on the basis of independence and flexibility. Our nationwide Primary PPO Network has held NCQA accreditation since 2001, which we believe provides assurances to Payors and consumers regarding the quality of the providers in our network. 
 Payment and Revenue Integrity Services. We compete with a variety of larger and smaller vendors of payment and revenue integrity services. Our Payment Integrity services compete on the basis of analytic breadth and depth, human expertise and scope. Virtually all payment integrity competitors originated as post-payment specialists and to varying degrees have migrated services to a pre-payment modality, while our services were built to focus on examining claims before payment occurs and now, with the 2021 acquisition of DHP, we have a broader capability to address post-payment integrity. Our Revenue Integrity services compete on the basis of identification of and assistance in restoration and preservation of underpaid premiums from CMS caused by member eligibility and status errors. Our competitors for these services typically include Optum, Conduent, Cotiviti, Inc., SCIO and The Rawlings Group. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Government Regulations 
 We believe that each of MultiPlan's service offerings bears less regulatory risk than other healthcare businesses that bear insurance risk and bill federal healthcare programs or directly provide care. While we support customers that are regulated entities, we generally are not directly regulated and face significantly lower levels of regulatory complexity. We function as a transaction processor and we believe we have limited risk for services or billing. 
 MultiPlan does not deliver healthcare services; provide or manage healthcare services; or provide care or care management. Our business is compensated directly by private Payor customers, not by Medicare, Medicaid or other government healthcare programs. In some instances, we provide services to Payors that contract directly with a federal or state agency. In those instances, we may be subject to certain federal and state law requirements associated with those programs as a First Tier, Downstream or Related entity (FDR). As an FDR to these customers, we are subject to requirements which prohibit an individual or entity who has been convicted of program-related crimes or other violations from providing services to, or receiving payment from, government healthcare programs. As an FDR, we are subject to affirmative legal obligations, as well as contractual requirements with our customers, to check the exclusion status of the individuals and entities we employ against lists of excluded individuals and entities prior to entering into employment or contractual relationships with them, and to periodically re-check such lists thereafter, or run the risk of liability under civil monetary penalties laws or a breach of our contractual obligations. We are also required to provide access to contracts, books and records pertaining to services performed in connection with federal or state agency contracts. A failure to comply with FDR requirements or violations of healthcare laws could subject us to audits, corrective actions, contract terminations, criminal or civil penalties, and/or debarment or exclusion from government healthcare programs. 
 However, through our customer relationships, we are subject either directly or indirectly to federal and state laws and regulations that govern privacy, security and breaches of patient information and the conduct of certain electronic healthcare transactions. These transactions, include, for example, HIPAA, which imposes rules protecting individually identifiable health information and setting national standards for the security of electronic PHI. We are a "Business Associate" (as defined by HIPAA) of our customers. As such, we must comply with all applicable provisions of HIPAA, including the HIPAA Security Rule and applicable provisions of the HIPAA Privacy Rule and the Breach Notification Rule. Violations of such provisions may result in civil monetary penalties, resolution agreements, monitoring agreements, and, in certain circumstances, criminal penalties including fines and/or imprisonment. HIPAA also authorizes state attorneys general to file suit on behalf of their residents. Although HIPAA does not create a private right of action allowing individuals to sue in civil court for violations, the laws and regulations have been used as the basis for duty of care in state civil suits such as those for negligence or recklessness in the misuse or breach of patient information. In addition to HIPAA, there are federal and state laws that protect types of personal information that may be viewed as particularly sensitive, including substance abuse information, genetic information, HIV/AIDS status, and mental health information. The Federal Trade Commission has also interpreted existing consumer protection laws to impose standards for the collection, storage, processing, use, retention, disclosure, transfer, disposal, and security of information about individuals, including health-related information. State privacy laws are changing rapidly. Massachusetts and New York, for example, have enacted regulations and statutes that require any entity that holds, transmits or collects certain personal information about their residents to adopt a written data security plan that meets the requirements set forth in the statute. In California, the CCPA, as amended by CPRA, provides California residents with a number of privacy-related rights and is more stringent in many respects than other state laws currently in effect in the United States. Further, each year a number of proposals related to data privacy or security are considered before federal and state legislative and regulatory bodies, including in a number of states considering consumer protection laws similar to those in California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia. These laws are contributing to increased enforcement activity and may also be subject to interpretation by various courts and other governmental authorities. 
 In addition, we are subject to certain state licensure and/or certification laws and other state and federal laws and regulations governing our operations and our products. Among other examples, contracts governing our relationships with healthcare providers may be subject to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, federal False Claims Act and comparable state laws, as well as state laws prohibiting fee-splitting and the corporate practice of medicine and state and federal laws regarding transparency. The federal False Claims Act, for example, prohibits knowingly submitting or causing to be submitted false claims or statements to the federal government, including to the Medicare and Medicaid programs. The law contains whistleblower provisions, which allow private individuals (known as relators) to sue on behalf of the federal government for conduct that defrauded the federal government. The government has used the FCA to prosecute Medicare and other government healthcare program fraud such as billing for services not provided, coding errors, and providing care that is not medically necessary or that is substandard in quality. In addition, the government or a relator may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act. States have similar false claims act laws. Failure to comply with such laws can result in civil or criminal liability such as penalties, fines, and/or exclusion from federal healthcare programs. Furthermore, we may be subject to some 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 state laws regulating the ability of PPOs to allow broad access to their provider networks. We may directly or indirectly be subject to state and federal regulation regarding the payment of out-of-network claims, including regulations regarding the determination of payment amounts and what data and other factors are permitted to be used by commercial health Payors and other Payors in making such determinations, as well as regulations targeting surprise billing and requiring transparency. 
 
 For example, effective January 1, 2022, the NSA prohibits certain out-of-network providers from charging patients an amount beyond the in-network cost sharing amount for services rendered, subject to limited exceptions. For services for which balance billing is prohibited, the NSA establishes an independent dispute resolution ("IDR") process for providers and Payors to handle payment disputes that cannot be resolved through direct negotiation. The law is being implemented through the IFRs and Final Rules, as well as other guidance issued by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and other governmental entities. We expect additional guidance and regulations that may change our understanding of the obligations of our customers under the NSA; the current administration has indicated they will release additional proposed rules in 2023. Additionally, there are a handful of lawsuits challenging portions of the NSA in federal courts. The Texas Medical Association, an industry group for physicians, and LifeNet, an air ambulance provider, have each brought three lawsuits, and the Texas Medical Association has brought an additional fourth lawsuit, all challenging aspects of the regulations published to date. The outcome of the first set of lawsuits from both plaintiffs changed the way the IDR process works with respect to the QPA value (median contract rate). The second set of lawsuits from both plaintiffs challenged the updated version of QPA usage in IDR that was published in the Final Rules. In February 2023, the court agreed with the plaintiffs in this second set of lawsuits and vacated certain sections of the Final Rules, thereby putting the QPA on even standing with additional factors in the IDR process. This court ruling is subject to appeal. The two final lawsuits challenge aspects of how the July 2021 IFR requires plans to calculate QPA, the IDR batching rules established in the October 2021 IFR, and the increase in certain IDR fees for 2023 announced in December 2022 guidance; these have yet to be ruled on by the court. 
 
 In addition to enacting the NSA, the Consolidated Appropriations Act CAA also revised and clarified requirements of the Mental Health Parity and Addiction Act MHPAEA ). The MHPAEA, enacted in 2008, prohibits health plans from providing less favorable mental health and substance abuse disorder benefits than medical/surgical benefits, whether measured in terms of quantitative treatment limitations or non-quantitative limitations NQTLs ). Specifically, the MHPAEA prohibits imposing NQTLs on mental health or substance abuse disorder benefits without performing comparative analyses on what impact those NQTLs will have. Plans are required to provide these comparative analyses to the Department of Labor upon request, and the Department of Labor is required to review at least 20 health plans for mental health parity each year. In 2021, the Department of Labor reviewed over 100 plans, and determined that none of the comparative analyses were sufficient as initially submitted. To support our customers, MultiPlan has initiated an annual process to review the prior year and create comparative analyses for aspects of our services related to network participation, credentialing, and other processes to enable customers to complete their own analyses. Additionally, states have begun to impose or update their own mental health parity initiatives, some of which require heightened annual reporting. 
 We may directly or indirectly be subject to regulation in some states governing the submission of true and accurate claims, or regarding the application of payment integrity edits to claims, including regulations impacting what data and other factors are permitted to be used by commercial health Payors and other Payors in making such determinations. Our services may directly or indirectly be subject to state regulations specifically covering certain categories of customers, such as workers compensation insurers and auto medical insurers. We regularly monitor legislative and regulatory activity in all states and at the federal level that could impact any of the products we offer in all relevant market segments. In addition, we are committed to supporting our customers in meeting their regulatory obligations, so we work cooperatively with them in establishing processes and procedures that comply with applicable requirements. 
 While we believe that we are in compliance with such laws and regulations and we will undertake efforts to comply with new laws and regulations, once effective, a failure to comply with these laws and regulations could adversely affect our contractual relationships and possibly expose us to civil or criminal sanctions by federal or state authorities. Please see the section entitled " Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Operations ." 
 Human Capital 
 Our employees are our most critical assets. Our ability to achieve our strategic objectives, deliver high quality customer service, drive operational excellence and deliver strong financial performance is only achievable through the talent, expertise, and dedication of our team. The long-term success and continued growth of our business depends in large part on our ability to attract, reward, retain, and develop diverse, talented, and high-performing employees at all levels of our organization. We employed approximately 2,500 people as of December 31, 2022, substantially all of whom are full time employees and none of whom are covered by unions. We believe that we have a good relationship with our employees. 
 The following are some of the significant investments we make in our employees and their development: 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Compensation and Benefits. We offer competitive pay, and a robust benefits package, including healthcare benefits, flexible spending accounts, life insurance, short-term and long-term disability plans, a generous Paid Time Off (PTO) policy, and a 401(k) Plan with employer match. We also offer voluntary wellness programs which can result in reduced benefit premiums, employee assistance programs, tuition assistance programs, voluntary benefits programs (including home auto insurance, pet insurance, legal services, etc.), summer/winter hours, flexible work schedules and 'work zones' (meeting-free time blocks), and employee referral programs. 
 In addition, the MultiPlan Scholarship program is offered to children of MultiPlan employees who wish to continue their education after high school to achieve their educational goals. The total amount of new scholarship awards granted in 2022 was 100,000. 
 Through our MultiPlan Helping Hands program, we are able to provide financial assistance for employees experiencing hardship; the program is funded 100 from employee donations and is administered by the Helping Hands Committee, comprised of MultiPlan employees. 
 MultiPlan also operates a PTO Donation Program, which enables employees to donate their accrued paid time off to a general pool to be used by fellow colleagues who are experiencing a financial hardship due to a medical emergency or due to a major disaster (as declared by the President of the United States), and who have exhausted all paid leave available to them. 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and in addition to the MultiPlan Helping Hands Program and the PTO Donation Program discussed above, MultiPlan established the One MultiPlan Fund, which was funded in part by employee donations. The One MultiPlan Fund provides direct assistance to employees facing financial hardship due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In light of the decline in severity of COVID-19 cases as well as the resulting reduction in the number of requests under the One MultiPlan Fund, we discontinued the program on July 29, 2022. Since its inception, the One MultiPlan Fund helped over 60 employees and provided nearly 80,000 in financial assistance. 
 Health and Safety. The physical and mental health of our employees is vital to our success. We sponsor a wellness program designed to enhance physical and mental well-being for all of our employees. Throughout the year, we encourage healthy behaviors through regular communications, educational sessions, voluntary progress tracking, wellness challenges, and other incentives. 
 As the COVID-19 pandemic unfolded, we responded quickly by enabling our teams to work remotely to ensure the health and safety of our employees, while continuing to provide uninterrupted service to our customers. We implemented a COVID-19 global task force to prioritize our pandemic response, and, in 2021, we began a phased re-opening plan, implementing a number of safety and social distancing measures in our sites to protect the health and safety of our employees who chose to return during the initial phases. With the identification of the Delta and Omicron variants, our re-opening plans slowed. However, in the second quarter of 2022, our re-opening plans accelerated and we were able to re-open all offices, although we still maintain a flexible posture as it relates to working remotely, which we believe greatly benefits our employees. Additionally, we continue to support access to COVID-19 vaccines for our employees, including by providing additional time off to facilitate employees ability to receive their vaccinations. We continue to provide healthy tips communications and information to our employees through an internal Coronavirus Information Center, all with the goal of keeping our employees and communities healthy, safe and informed. In addition to healthy tips communications, we provide a Virtual Working Resource center where employees can find support for working at home to support healthy lifestyles while facing various work at home challenges. 
 External Recognition. We are proud to report that in August 2022, we were designated as a Great Place to Work-Certified TM company for 2022-2023. This distinction is based entirely on what our employees said about their experiences working at MultiPlan and MultiPlan s philosophy for operating with trust, transparency, and integrity at every level of the organization. MultiPlan credits this achievement to its core values and the employees who support them daily. The Great Place to Work Certification TM is the global benchmark for identifying workplace satisfaction, and is sought after worldwide with more than 10,000 companies across 60 countries applying each year. 
 Diversity Inclusion and Belonging. We strive to create a workplace that fosters mutual respect and collaboration, where talented individuals from all backgrounds, perspectives and abilities can participate and perform their best work. In 2020, we formed a Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging ("DIB") Advisory Committee to establish, oversee and advance MultiPlan's DIB program objectives. The committee seeks to champion and foster organizational changes with a dedicated focus on DIB priorities, to facilitate the integration of the DIB program with our corporate objectives and values, to create accountability for program results and to engage and communicate with the MultiPlan community on all DIB efforts. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 In 2021 and 2022, employees completed surveys providing insight on individual perceptions of our commitment and performance on DIB, with the results shared with all employees. This data is reviewed and used as a baseline for improvement by the DIB Advisory Committee. MultiPlan encourages every employee to contribute towards the DIB objectives through expanding their diversity knowledge and creating a more inclusive, equitable work experience. As part of the annual training initiatives, MultiPlan believes education is essential to achieving the DIB objectives. Employees are granted five hours each year dedicated to DIB education including a baseline course provided by the Company to establish a foundation of expectations. The remaining time is self-directed and self-reported determined by individual educational needs and interests. DIB educational resources are also curated by a diverse team of MultiPlan employees and peer recommendations are promoted routinely. In addition, employees were invited to publicly pledge support to MultiPlan s efforts to positively impact its employees and local communities, and to foster a culture of mutual respect for individuals from all backgrounds, perspectives, and abilities. 
 MultiPlan Charitable Giving Committees are locally based near MultiPlan s offices and support local and national communities through employee fundraising and volunteer efforts targeting underserved and underprivileged populations. 
 MultiPlan partners with Circa, formerly America's Job Exchange, in the recruiting process, to ensure job postings are distributed to diversity websites to expand visibility to individuals seeking employment opportunities from a wide variety of backgrounds. We also partner with local CareerOneStop services for outreach. 
 In 2022, as part of the survey conducted as part of our designation as a Great Place to Work-Certified TM company, 94 of our employees said that MultiPlan is committed to diversity and inclusion and that people of all cultures, abilities, and backgrounds are respected and valued at MultiPlan. 
 Learning and Development. We believe that education is essential to MultiPlan employees professional growth and our organization's success. To support this belief, MultiPlan has invested in several learning and development opportunities developed and/or offered through the Corporate Education and Development department. Starting with onboarding to role based training, there are several programs to support employee growth and development beyond any compliance related training. Employees have an opportunity to work with their manager to custom build a development plan based on business and individual growth needs. Professional and leadership development is supported in partnership with vendors providing university and college certificate courses. Technical and other specialty training is provided through external resources sourced and supported at the business department levels. Customized programs have also been established to support development beyond training including the Technical Leadership Program, MultiPlan s Academy Program for high potentials and performers and a mentoring program. In 2022, employees completed approximately 35,000 hours of training with satisfaction, applicability and increased knowledge rating scores between 4.4-4.6 out of 5. 
 Internal Recognition and Performance Acknowledgments. We also believe that it is important to foster recognition for employee s contributions and progress. MultiPlan has created MultiSTAR, a MultiPlan Service Talent Achievement Reward program that gives employees formal and informal opportunities to acknowledge employees for their many contributions, great work and to recognize their professional accomplishments. Through a multi-tiered award system, employees can celebrate anniversaries, share thank you notes on a public or private feed as well as recommend monetary awards based on different levels of significant accomplishment. 
 Performance Management Program. MultiPlan has established a set of core competencies for all employees to navigate a successful career at the Company. Annually, leaders work together with employees to establish goals and development plans that give employees a clear direction for progress. 
 Corporate History and Background 
 Our Company was founded in 1980 as a New York-based hospital network and has evolved both organically and through acquisitions from that regional network to a leading independent national PPO player, and then to a data- and technology-driven provider of cost management, payment and revenue integrity services company. Other notable acquisitions, in addition to the acquisitions of HST and Discovery Health Partners in 2020 and 2021, respectively, were BCE Emergis Corporation, in 2004, which extended network access nationally and added a negotiation services platform; Private Healthcare Systems, Inc., in 2006, which added a National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA)-accredited, national primary PPO network; Viant Holdings, Inc., in 2010, which added analytics-based services and additional network access including for MA and Medicaid plans; National Care Network, LLC, in 2011, which added the Data iSight pricing service; and Medical Audit and Review Solutions, Inc., in 2014, which added pre-payment integrity services. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Churchill Capital Corp III (formerly known as Butler Acquisition Corp), was incorporated in Delaware on October 30, 2019 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. 
 On July 12, 2020, Churchill entered into the Merger Agreement by and among First Merger Sub, Second Merger Sub, Holdings, and MultiPlan Parent. On October 8, 2020, the Merger was consummated and the Transactions were completed. In connection with the Transactions, Churchill changed its name to MultiPlan Corporation and The New York Stock Exchange ticker symbols for its Class A common stock and warrants to "MPLN" and "MPLN.WS", respectively. 
 The Transactions were accounted for as a reverse recapitalization, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded, in accordance with GAAP. Under this method of accounting, Churchill was treated as the "acquired" company for financial reporting purposes with MultiPlan Parent determined to be the accounting acquirer. This determination was primarily based on the existing MultiPlan Parent stockholders being the majority stockholders and holding majority voting power in the combined company, MultiPlan Parent's senior management comprising the majority of the senior management of the combined company, and the ongoing operations of MultiPlan Parent comprising the ongoing operations of the combined company. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the Transactions were treated as the equivalent of MultiPlan Parent issuing shares for the net assets of Churchill, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of Churchill were recognized at fair value (which were consistent with carrying value), with no goodwill or other intangibles recorded. See Note 4 The Transactions of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for further information on the Transactions. 
 Available Information 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 115 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10003 and our telephone number at that address is (212) 780-2000. 
 Our website is located at www.multiplan.us, and our investor relations website is located at www.investors.multiplan.us. No information contained on these websites is intended to be included as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and our Proxy Statements, and any amendments to these reports, are available through our investor relations website, free of charge, after we file them with the SEC. We also provide a link to the section of the SEC's website at www.sec.gov that has all of the reports that we file or furnish with the SEC. Investors and others should note that we routinely announce financial and other material information using our investor relations website, SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We use these channels of distribution to communicate with our investors and members of the public about our company, our services and other items of interest. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 RISK FACTORS 
 Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. 
 The following risks and uncertainties are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks or others not specified below materialize, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
 Summary of Key Risks 
 The following summary highlights certain of the principal risks and uncertainties included in the discussion of risk factors below. This is not a complete list of the risks set out in this section and readers are encouraged to review this section in its entirety for a more fulsome understanding of the risks and uncertainties that may impact the Company. 
 Business and Operations Risks 
 Our success is dependent on retaining, and the success of, our customers as we depend on a core group of customers for a significant portion of our revenues. 
 The impact of trends in the U.S. healthcare system, including recent trends, which we believe are short-term, of reduced healthcare utilization and increased patient financial responsibility for services. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 The long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and related risks. 
 Our ability to preserve or increase our market share or maintain our PPO networks. 
 Our ability to maintain our competitive position in the market. 
 An increase in competition or pricing pressures increases. 
 The inability of our customers to pay for our services could decrease our revenue. 
 Our PPO networks may experience decreases in discounts from providers. 
 We depend on our providers to maintain the profitability of our business and expand our operations. 
 If we do not continue to attract, motivate and retain members of our senior management team and qualified employees, or if we are unable to maintain sufficient qualified personnel, we may not be able to support our operations. 
 Pressure from healthcare providers, and/or changes in state laws, regarding access to preferred provider networks. 
 We may be unable to achieve some or all of the operational, growth and other benefits that we expect to realize through our strategic plans. 
 We may not successfully enter new lines of business and broaden the scope of our services. 
 We operate in a litigious environment which may adversely affect our financial results. 
 Risks Related to Information Technology Systems, Intellectual Property and Cybersecurity 
 We depend on uninterrupted computer access for our customers and the reliable operation of our information technology systems; any prolonged delays due to data interruptions or revocation of software licenses could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and cause our customers to seek alternative providers. 
 Computer systems like ours could suffer security and privacy breaches or incidents that could negatively impact our business and reputation, harm both us and our customers and create liability. 
 Other Business and Operations Risks 
 Changes in accounting principles may negatively affect our results of operations. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 
 Risks Related to the Healthcare Industry and Other Laws and Regulations 
 We operate in an industry that is subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation. Changes in existing healthcare laws and regulatory interpretations on a state or federal level may adversely affect us. 
 New federal and state laws and regulations could force us to change the conduct of our business or operations or affect our ability to expand our operations into other states or increase costs or delay or prevent the introduction of new or enhanced solutions or impair the function or value of our existing solutions. 
 Our use and disclosure of individually identifiable information, including personal information and health information, is subject to federal and state privacy and security laws and regulations, and our failure to comply with those laws and regulations or adequately secure the information we hold could result in significant liability or reputational harm. 
 Heightened enforcement activity by federal and state agencies may increase our potential exposure to damaging lawsuits, investigations and other enforcement actions. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Indebtedness 
 Our level of indebtedness and current leverage may materially adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations and limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry. 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. 
 Our debt agreements contain restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business. 
 Despite our current leverage, we and our subsidiaries may still be able to incur substantially more indebtedness, including secured indebtedness. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 H F and the Sponsor beneficially own a significant equity interest in us and their interests may conflict with our or other shareholders' interests. 
 We are currently, and may in the future be, subject to securities or other stockholder litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 
 For a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business, see below. 
 Business and Operations Risks 
 Our success is dependent on retaining, and the success of, our customers as we depend on a core group of customers for a significant portion of our revenues. 
 If significant customers terminate or do not renew or extend their contracts with us, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our customer contracts generally permit our customers to terminate with relatively short notice, including without cause. Our three largest customers accounted for approximately 32 , 20 and 10 , respectively, of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. While we believe our customer relationships are strong, if we lose any one of our largest customers, one of our largest customers reduces its use of our services, or if any one of our largest customers negotiates less favorable terms with us, then we will lose revenue. Revenue from customers that have accounted for significant revenue in past periods, individually or as a group, may not continue, or if continued, may not reach or exceed historical levels in any period. 
 Many organizations in the insurance industry are consolidating, which could also result in the loss of one or more of our significant customers. To the extent that these consolidation trends do not cause the loss of customers, we could nevertheless encounter greater customer concentration as our customers become parts of larger organizations. In addition, we could lose significant customers due to competitive pricing pressures or other reasons. Any of the foregoing factors could also result in us receiving a lower ranking in our customer's claims matching process, which would reduce the number of claims we match and, as a result, would reduce our revenues. Due to the substantial fixed costs in our business and the time and expense it would take to decrease certain variable costs, especially personnel, the loss of a significant customer or receiving a lower ranking in our customers' claims matching process could cause a material decline in our profitability and operating performance. 
 Our success is also dependent on our customers' ability to attract individuals to join their health plans. Many individuals receive their coverage through their employer, and thus employers play a large role in selecting which health plan their employees use. Our customers may also lose members due to competition or if businesses reduce headcount and thus the number of employees who receive health insurance. In addition, our customers may reduce the scope of the health coverage they provide, which may then result in us matching fewer claims. If our customers suffer a decline in the number of members of their health plans or reduce the scope of the insurance coverage they provide, fees from the number of claims we match and the amount of PEPM fees we receive may decrease, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, the majority of our contracts contain payment terms that are based on a percentage of savings to the customer or on the number of covered employees and most contain no minimum requirements for the amount of claims that the customer must process through us. As a result, the termination of customer contracts, the material reduction by our customers of claims processed through us or our inability to generate significant savings with respect to customer claims would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Our operations may be adversely impacted by the effect of trends in the U.S. healthcare system, including recent trends, which we believe are short-term, of reduced healthcare utilization and increased patient financial responsibility for services. 
 Our operations may be adversely impacted by the effects of recent trends, which we believe are short-term, in the United States of reduced utilization of the healthcare system and increased patient financial responsibility for services. Trends in the utilization of the U.S. healthcare system can be influenced by a multitude of factors, including, without limitation, under-employed workers or decisions to delay medical care, especially elective procures, due to factors such as COVID-19 and other pandemics, inflation and recessions. Further, increased patient responsibility for medical care due to products such as high deductible health plans may lead to either a reduction in utilization of the healthcare system or a reduction in the utilization of the healthcare system that is covered by third party Payors. All the above factors may result in a decline in the number of claims we process and, as such, our operations may be adversely impacted. 
 The long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the impact of any future pandemic or epidemic and related risks could materially affect our results of operations, financial position and/or liquidity. 
 
 While many of the immediate impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic have eased, its effect on the healthcare system and policies, global supply chains, inflation, labor shortages and wage increases continue to impact the healthcare industry. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic or epidemic impacts our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. For example, in the first half of 2020, there was a decrease in patient visits to hospitals and providers due to risk and fear of exposure to COVID-19. Further, throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, there was a decreased demand for elective procedures, which continues to date. While most, if not all, temporary moratoriums on elective procedures have been terminated, the moratoriums may be re-imposed in the future. In addition, COVID-19, or any future pandemics or epidemics, may cause disruptions or turmoil in the credit or financial markets, or impact our credit ratings, and could adversely affect our ability to access capital on favorable terms and continue to meet our liquidity and any acquisition financing needs, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 Pandemics or epidemics and any associated protective or preventative measures taken to limit their spread may cause disruptions to our business. Risks and uncertainties presented or exacerbated by the long-term effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemics or epidemics, include the following: 
 impact on our results and financial position due to the significant uncertainty in relation to the duration and challenges that an ongoing pandemic may have on the healthcare industry and us, including deferral of elective medical procedures, increases in unemployment and reductions in participants covered by our customers' plans and related services; 
 long-term impacts on the healthcare system, including negative impacts on utilization of the healthcare system, decreased capacity of healthcare system and departure of skilled workers from the healthcare industry; 
 effects of pricing pressure and/or decreases in discounts from providers on related treatments; 
 effects of new laws, including vaccine-or-testing mandates, and pandemic relief and economic stimulus measures on our and our customers' business; the inability of our customers to pay for our services; 
 the loss of key members of our management team; 
 the inability to maintain sufficient qualified personnel due to employee illness, quarantine, willingness to return to work, vaccine and/or testing mandates, face-covering and other safety requirements, general scarcity of employees, or travel and other restrictions; 
 changes in our regulatory environment, including healthcare law and regulations; 
 the ability to implement or expand information technology systems or network infrastructure; 
 changes in our industry; 
 heightened enforcement activity by government agencies, in particular with respect to government subsidized or funded treatments; 
 interruptions or security breaches of our information technology systems (or those of our vendors and service providers), in particular while our and our customers' workforce are working remotely; 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 the expansion of privacy and data security laws; 
 our ability to identify, complete and successfully integrate recent and future acquisitions; 
 our ability to pay interest and principal on our notes and other indebtedness; 
 our ability to safely and successfully re-open our offices, notwithstanding our shift to an increasingly distributed and remote workforce; and 
 long-term effects on the nature of the office environment and remote working, which may present new operational challenges. 
 These risks and uncertainties and other disruptions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemics or epidemics could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to preserve or increase our market share or maintain our PPO networks, our results may be adversely affected. 
 Our business strategy and future success in marketing our services depends in large part on our ability to capture market share and maintain our PPO networks as national and regional insurance carriers and large, self-funded employers look for ways to achieve cost savings. We cannot assure you that we will successfully market our services to these insurance carriers and employers or that they will not resort to other means to achieve cost savings, including by in-sourcing or expanding their in-sourcing of such services. Our customers may further disaggregate the services we provide for them generally or in certain geographical areas, such as individual states, and in doing so may create more competitive pricing conditions for such services. Moreover, some of our customers have acquired or may acquire our competitors. If the demand for our services declines or does not increase, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 The market for our services is fragmented and competitive and we may not be able to maintain our competitive position in the market. 
 We face competition from HMOs, other independent PPOs, insurance companies and other managed healthcare companies and providers of non-network repricing services such as fee negotiation. In addition, some of our competitors have introduced enhanced PPO network products that increase the proportion of contracted in-network provider utilization as compared to out-of-network utilization. Finally, some employers have elected to maintain health insurance coverage that provides no coverage for out-of-network claims. These products and factors compromise the market position of our traditional out-of-network lines of business by reducing out-of-network utilization. 
 Our customers often select PPO providers by specific geography based upon the magnitude of the discount provided or the breadth of the network. Although we are one of the largest independent PPO network providers, regional and local PPO network providers may have deeper discounts or broader networks within their particular region. Our customers may select regional competitors in specific geographies based upon potential deeper discounts and broader networks. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will continue to maintain our existing customers or our ranking in their claims matching process. We also cannot assure you that we will be successful in any new markets that we may enter. 
 Our failure to do any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If competition or pricing pressures increase, our growth and profits may decline. 
 Consolidation among our customers may lead to increased pricing pressures. Pricing is highly competitive across all of our lines of service. PPOs compete on the basis of many factors, including the quality of healthcare services, the breadth of provider networks, the discounts afforded by the provider contracts and the efficiency of the administration of claims. However, we expect that price will continue to be a significant competitive factor. Our customer contracts are subject to negotiation and renegotiation as customers seek to contain their costs, and they may elect to reduce benefits in order to constrain cost increases. Alternatively, customers may purchase different types of products that are less profitable to us or move to competitors to obtain more favorable pricing. Industry consolidation may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain customers and healthcare providers on advantageous terms. In addition, some of our current and potential competitors have greater financial and marketing resources than us and continued consolidation in the industry will likely increase the number of competitors that have greater resources than us. If we do not compete effectively in our markets, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 The inability of our customers to pay for our services could decrease our revenue. 
 Our health insurance Payor customers may be required to maintain restricted cash reserves and satisfy strict balance sheet ratios promulgated by state regulatory agencies. In addition, the financial stability of our Payor customers may be adversely affected by physician groups or associations within their organizations that become subject to costly litigation or become insolvent. Our ability to collect fees for our services may become impaired if our Payor customers are unable to pay for our services because they need to maintain cash reserves, if they fail to maintain required balance sheet ratios or if they become financially unstable or insolvent. Any of the foregoing in the future could adversely affect our revenues and cash flows. 
 Our PPO networks may experience decreases in discounts from providers, thereby adversely affecting our competitive position and revenue. 
 Our PPO networks receive discounts from healthcare providers (such as acute care hospitals, practitioners and ancillary facilities) who participate in such networks. These discounts could be reduced by the healthcare providers' desire to increase their net level of reimbursement or to offset reductions, or lack of adequate increases, in reimbursement from Payors or from our PPO competitors, any of whom may have greater market penetration and/or the ability to direct more patients to such providers. Any such reductions may reduce our revenues and make our network less attractive to our customers. 
 We depend on our providers to maintain the profitability of our network business and expand our operations. 
 The healthcare providers that constitute our network are integral to our operations. Our network growth depends on our ability to retain our existing providers and to attract additional providers to our network. Typical contracts with our providers have a one-year term, and are renewable automatically for successive one-year terms (although most such contracts permit early termination without penalty and with short notice periods). These contracts are also subject to negotiation and revisions with respect to the level and amount of price concessions for medical services. Our revenues are primarily based on a percentage of the price concessions from these providers that apply to claims of our Payor customers. In addition, our ability to contract at competitive rates with our PPO providers will affect the attractiveness and profitability of our network products. Increasing consolidation in the provider sector also may make it more difficult for us to contract at competitive rates and could affect the profitability of our products. 
 The termination of a significant number of contracts with our high volume providers, the inability to replace such contracts, or the negotiation of contracts with lower discounts resulting in reduced price concessions would reduce the number and value of claims we are able to match and the attractiveness of our network to our customers, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we do not continue to attract, motivate and retain members of our senior management team and qualified employees, or if we are unable to maintain sufficient qualified personnel, we may not be able to support our operations. 
 The completion and execution of our strategies depend on the continued service and performance of our senior management team. If succession planning is not effectively executed or if we lose key members of our senior management team, our ability to effectively manage our current and future operations may be disrupted and our ability to attract and retain other key executives could be adversely affected. 
 In addition, our business depends on our ability to continue to attract, motivate and retain a large number of skilled employees across all of our product lines. There is a limited pool of employees who have the requisite skills, training and education. We compete with many businesses and organizations that are seeking skilled individuals, particularly those with experience in healthcare and insurance industries. Attracting and retaining highly skilled employees could be costly as we offer competitive compensation packages to prospective and current employees. 
 Competition for professionals across our business can be intense, as other companies seek to enhance their positions in the markets we serve. In addition, competition for experienced talent in our faster growing geographic areas, such as Illinois, and Texas, continues to intensify, requiring us to increase our focus on attracting and developing highly skilled employees in these strategically important locations. 
 Future organizational changes, including the implementation of our cost savings initiatives, could also cause our employee attrition rate to increase. If we are unable to continue to identify or be successful in attracting, motivating and retaining appropriately qualified personnel in sufficient numbers, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Pressure from healthcare providers, and/or changes in state laws, regarding access to preferred provider networks may adversely affect our profitability and ability to expand our operations. 
 A number of healthcare providers have historically sought and in the future may seek to limit access to their contractually negotiated network discounts by, for example, limiting either the type of Payor or the type of benefit plan that may access a contractual network discount. In addition, some states have proposed legislation designed to regulate the secondary PPO market by limiting the ability of preferred provider networks to offer broad access to discounted rates negotiated with contracted providers. For example, certain states have proposed or implemented laws limiting access to provider networks by requiring that the applicable network be identified on a member's identification card in order for the network discount to apply. Although many of our network offerings are branded, such that members carry identification cards branded with our network logo, we also operate a non-logo business. Where enacted, such laws may adversely affect our non-logo business by limiting our ability to continue this business in existing markets or to expand it into new markets. 
 We may be unable to achieve some or all of the operational, growth and other benefits that we expect to realize through our strategic plans. 
 In support of our growth strategy, we have developed, and will continue to develop, new or additional strategic plans which include initiatives across sales and marketing, product development and mergers and acquisitions, and efficiency measures to help self-fund some of the necessary investments to support these initiatives. 
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully execute our strategic plans in the short term, or at all, or realize the expected benefits of such plans. A variety of risks could cause us not to execute such plans or realize some or all of the expected benefits therefrom. These risks include, among others: higher than expected implementation expenses; delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to such initiatives, in particular with respect to the development and deployment of additional sales and marketing professionals and achievement of certain technology-related product development goals, which will require significant external resources; failure to achieve the benefits of our strategic plans or improvements initiatives; failure to realize estimated savings from our efficiency measures or, if realized, an inability to sustain such cost savings over time; subsequent regulatory requirements or rulemaking; and the risks and uncertainties inherent in pursuing acquisitions as a portion of our growth strategy in light of our limited acquisition and integration experience. Our ability to successfully manage the organizational changes that may be necessary to implement our strategic plans is important for our future business success. In particular, our reputation and results of operations could be harmed if employee morale, engagement or productivity decline as a result of organizational or other changes we effect as part of our implementation efforts. 
 Moreover, our implementation of these plans, measures and initiatives may disrupt our operations and performance, and distract management from day-to-day operations and other on-going initiatives, including continuing initiatives relating to being a public company, and challenges, such as those presented by the COVID-19 pandemic. Additional costs associated with executing on our strategic plans or improvement initiatives, failure to achieve the anticipated benefits of such plans and initiatives regardless of cost, or the failure to achieve the estimated cost savings from efficiency initiatives may adversely impact our results of operations. Some of these expenses, such as the implementation of certain technology-related initiatives, may increase our fixed overhead costs for the foreseeable future and we may be unable to reduce these costs if such initiatives do not progress according to plan. 
 If, for any reason, the benefits we realize from our strategic plans, efficiency measures and improvement initiatives are less than our estimates, or adversely affect our operations or cost more or take longer to implement than we project, or if our assumptions prove inaccurate, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 We may not successfully enter new lines of business and broaden the scope of our services. 
 We have entered into new lines of business that are adjacent to our existing lines of business and have broadened the scope of our services, such as the expansion of our Payment and Revenue Integrity Solutions Services and introduction of our Reference-Based Pricing and Value-Driven Health Plan Services Solutions and end-to-end Surprise Billing Services, and may in the future enter into non-adjacent lines of business. We may not achieve our expected growth if we do not successfully enter these new lines of business and continue to broaden the scope of our services. Entering new lines of business and broadening the scope of our services may require significant upfront and ongoing expenditures that we may not be able to recoup in the future. To accommodate our past and anticipated future growth and to compete effectively, we will need to continue to integrate our financial information systems and expand, train, manage and motivate our workforce. Furthermore, focusing our financial resources on the expansion of our operations may negatively impact our financial results. Any failure to implement our operational and financial information systems, or to expand, train, manage or motivate our workforce, may adversely affect our business. These efforts may also divert management's attention and expose us to new risks and regulations. As a result, entering 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 new lines of business and broadening the scope of our services may have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are unable to identify, complete and successfully integrate acquisitions, our ability to grow our business may be limited and our business, financial position and results of operations may be adversely impacted. 
 We may not be able to identify, complete and successfully integrate acquisitions in the future and any failure to do so may limit our ability to grow our business. Our acquisition strategy involves a number of risks, including: 
 our ability to find suitable businesses to acquire at affordable valuations or on other acceptable terms; 
 competition for acquisition targets may lead to substantial increases in purchase prices or one of our competitors acquiring one of our acquisition targets; 
 our continued dependence on access to the credit and capital markets to fund acquisitions; 
 prohibition of any of our proposed acquisitions under United States or foreign antitrust laws; 
 the diversion of management's attention from existing operations to the integration of acquired companies; 
 our inability to realize expected cost savings and synergies; 
 expenses, delays and difficulties of integrating acquired businesses into our existing business structure, which risks are heightened for large-scale acquisitions; and 
 difficulty in retaining key customers and management personnel. 
 Our ability to realize the benefits we anticipate from recent and future acquisitions, including anticipated cost savings and additional sales opportunities, will depend in large part upon whether we are able to integrate such businesses efficiently and effectively. Integration is an ongoing process and we may not be able to fully integrate such businesses smoothly or successfully and the process may take longer than expected. Further, the integration of certain operations and the differences in operational culture may require the dedication of significant management resources, which may distract management's attention from day-to-day business operations and from the evaluation of future acquisition targets. 
 If we are unable to continue to acquire and efficiently integrate suitable acquisition candidates, our ability to increase revenues and fully implement our business strategy may be adversely impacted, which could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. If we are unable to continue to acquire and efficiently integrate suitable acquisition candidates, our ability to increase revenues and fully implement our business strategy may be adversely impacted, which could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 
 We may be unable to obtain additional financing to fund our operations or growth. 
 We may require additional financing to fund our operations or growth. The failure to secure additional financing on acceptable terms and conditions or at all could have a material adverse effect on our continued development or growth. Our access to, and the availability of, financing will be impacted by many factors, including, but not limited to, our financial performance, our credit ratings, our then current level of indebtedness, restrictions of our then current debt instruments, the liquidity of the overall capital markets and the state of the U.S. and global economy. None of our officers, directors or stockholders will be obligated to provide any financing to us. 
 Changes in the healthcare industry could adversely affect us. 
 Our business is dependent on a variety of factors, including our ability to enter into contracts with Payors and providers on terms attractive to all parties and the absence of substantial changes in the healthcare industry that would diminish the need for the services we offer. Our ability to continue conducting business in the current manner could be jeopardized if, among other things, a significant number of Payors were to seek price concessions directly from providers. In addition, substantial changes in the health-care industry, such as the enactment of laws and the adoption of regulations unfavorable to us or our relationships with Payors and providers, including the No Surprises Act and its implementing regulations, as well as other state laws and regulations aimed at addressing "surprise" billing (medical bills that arise when an insured patient receives care from an out-of-network provider, resulting in costs that were not expected by the patient), a substantial trend towards HMOs from PPOs, the adoption of a single Payor healthcare system in the United States or changes caused by, or that result from, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 could cause us to substantially alter our business strategy and methods of operation. Furthermore, we may not become aware in a timely manner of changes in regulatory requirements affecting our business, which could result in our taking, or failing to take, actions, resulting in noncompliance with state or federal regulations. 
 We operate in a litigious environment which may adversely affect our financial results. 
 We may, and in the past have, become involved in legal actions and claims arising in the ordinary course of business, including litigation regarding employment matters, breach of contract, violations of laws and regulations, and other commercial matters. Due to the inherent uncertainty in the litigation process, the resolution of any particular legal proceeding could result in changes to our products and business practices and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 
 Healthcare providers have become more resistant to the use of cost management techniques and are engaging in litigation to avoid application of cost management practices. Litigation brought by healthcare providers as well as client members has challenged insurers' claims adjudication and reimbursement decisions, and healthcare cost management providers, such as MultiPlan, are sometimes made party to such suits or involved in related litigation. For example, MultiPlan may be made party to such lawsuits or litigation may be brought independently against MultiPlan under various legal bases, including, breach of contract, misrepresentation, unjust enrichment or violations of ERISA or RICO, and may be made under other legal bases or theories in the future. We and our subsidiaries have and may, in the future, become involved in such litigation. 
 New federal and state laws and regulations or other changes that adversely impact healthcare providers or insurers could lead to increased litigation risk to us and other cost management providers and insurers. In addition, many healthcare providers and insurers have greater financial resources than us and other healthcare cost management providers have and may be more willing to engage in, and devote resources to, litigation as a result. In addition, certain of the agreements we enter into include indemnification provisions that may subject us to costs and damages in the event of a claim against an indemnified party. We maintain insurance coverage for certain types of claims; however, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise. 
 If lawsuits of the types set out above proliferate, they could materially adversely affect our results. In addition, such lawsuits may affect insurers' use of our cost management services. 
 Evolving industry standards and rapid technological changes could result in reduced demand for our services. 
 Rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and the frequent introduction of new and enhanced services characterize the market for our services. Our success will depend upon our ability to enhance our existing services, introduce new services on a timely and cost-effective basis to meet evolving customer requirements, achieve market acceptance for new services and respond to emerging industry standards and other technological changes. We may not be able to respond effectively to technological changes, new industry standards, or updated regulatory requirements. Moreover, other companies may develop competitive services, or our customers may develop internal solutions, that may result in reduced demand for our services. 
 There is a rapidly evolving awareness and focus from stakeholders with respect to environmental, social and governance practices, which could affect our business. 
 Stakeholder expectations with respect to environmental, social and governance ("ESG") matters have been rapidly evolving and increasing. We risk damage to our reputation if we do not act responsibly in key areas including diversity and inclusion, environmental stewardship, data privacy and cybersecurity, support for local communities and corporate governance. A failure to adequately meet stakeholders expectations may result in loss of business, and an inability to attract and retain customers and talented personnel, which could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition, and potentially on the price of our common stock and cost of capital. 
 Increased focus on sustainability issues, including those related to climate change, may adversely affect our business and financial results and damage our reputation. 
 We face risks related to severe natural events which have the potential to disrupt our operations and may increase as a result of climate change. Natural disasters, adverse weather conditions, pandemics, and other business disruptions could seriously harm our revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses by disrupting our operations, or those of our customers or vendors, as a result of potential office closures or damage from severe weather. Any prolonged disruption in the operations of our facilities, whether due to technical difficulties, power failures, break-ins, destruction or damage to the facilities as a result of a natural disaster, fire, or any other reason, could cause service interruptions or reduce the quality level of 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 services that we provide, damage our reputation and harm our operating results. Our disaster recovery plan and business interruption insurance may not be sufficient to mitigate the effects of such events or compensate for losses that may occur. If weather patterns become more volatile as a result of the potential effects of climate change, severe weather events may become more frequent or more widespread. An increase in frequency or severity of natural events may result in greater disruption to our operations and increased cost for, or lack of availability of, property and liability insurance for our offices located in areas subject to such severe weather events. 
 Our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations, including with respect to environmental, social and governance matters that could expose us to numerous risks. 
 We are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulatory organizations, including the SEC, the NYSE and the Financial Accounting Standards Board. These rules and regulations continue to evolve in scope and complexity and many new requirements have been created in response to laws enacted by Congress, making compliance more difficult and uncertain. These changing rules, regulations and stakeholder expectations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent complying with or meeting such regulations and expectations. For instance, developing and implementing new or ongoing ESG initiatives and collecting, measuring and reporting ESG related information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time consuming and subject to evolving reporting standards, including the SEC s recently proposed climate-related reporting requirements, and similar proposals by other international regulatory bodies. Further, we may choose to communicate certain initiatives and goals, regarding environmental matters, diversity, responsible sourcing and social investments and other ESG related matters, in our SEC filings or in other public disclosures. These initiatives and goals within the scope of ESG could be difficult and expensive to implement and we could be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of our disclosure. Statements about our ESG related initiatives and goals, and progress towards those goals, may be based on standards that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. Further, we could be criticized for the scope or nature of such initiatives or goals, or for any revisions thereto. If we are unable to adequately address such ESG matters or if we fail or are perceived to fail to achieve progress with respect to our goals within the scope of ESG on a timely basis, or at all, our reputation, business, financial performance and growth could be adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to Information Technology Systems, Intellectual Property and Cybersecurity 
 We depend on uninterrupted computer access for our customers and the reliable operation of our information technology systems; any prolonged delays due to data interruptions or revocation of our software licenses could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and cause our customers to seek alternative service providers. 
 Many aspects of our business are dependent upon our ability to store, retrieve, process and manage data and to maintain and upgrade our data processing capabilities. Our success is dependent on our ability to deliver high-quality and uninterrupted access for our customers to our computer system, requiring us to protect our computer equipment, software and the information stored in servers against damage by fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failures, unauthorized intrusion and other catastrophic events. Interruption of data processing capabilities for any extended length of time, loss of stored data, programming errors or other technological problems could impair our ability to provide certain services. A system failure, if prolonged, could result in reduced revenues, loss of customers and damage to our reputation, any of which could cause our business to materially suffer. In addition, due to the highly automated environment in which we operate our computer systems, any undetected error in the operation of our business processes or computer software may cause us to lose revenues or subject us to liabilities for third party claims. While we carry property and business interruption insurance to cover operations, the coverage may not be adequate to compensate us for losses that may occur. 
 Computer systems like ours could suffer security and privacy breaches that could negatively impact our business and reputation, harm both us and our customers and create liability. 
 We currently operate servers and maintain connectivity from multiple facilities, including the public cloud as well as access by our distributed workforce, due to continuing remote working conditions. Despite our implementation of standard network security measures, our IT environment may be vulnerable to social engineering, malware, physical break-ins, attacks by hackers and similar disruptive problems caused by customers or other users. Social engineering, phishing, computer viruses, ransomware and other cyber-attacks, break-ins or other security problems could lead to interruption, delays or cessation in service to our customers. In addition, our safeguards may not prevent incidents of inappropriate and/or unauthorized access to or acquisition of PHI or other personally identifiable information by our employees, contractors, and/or unauthorized actors. Such incidents may result, and on limited occasions in the past have resulted, in unauthorized use, disclosure, modification or deletion of PHI or other personally identifiable information that is transmitted or stored over our networks. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 A security or privacy breach may: 
 expose us to liability under federal and state laws related to the privacy and security of PHI and other personally identifiable information, including liability to the individuals who are the subject of the information and/or the parties to whom we are contractually obligated, and subject us to fines or penalties; 
 increase operating expenses as necessary to investigate security breaches and notify affected individuals, remediate and/or enhance security controls, comply with federal and state regulations, defend against and resolve actual and potential claims, implement and maintain any additional requirements imposed or adopted by reason of such claims or by government action, and take action to manage public relations issues and preserve our reputation; and 
 harm our reputation and deter or prevent customers from using our products and services, and/or cause customers to find other means to achieve cost savings, including by switching to a competitor or by in-sourcing such services. 
 These problems could also potentially jeopardize the security of confidential information stored in the computer systems of our customers, which may deter potential customers from doing business with us and give rise to possible liability to such customers and/or individual users whose security or privacy has been infringed. The security and privacy concerns of existing and potential customers may inhibit the growth of the healthcare information services industry in general, and our customer base and business in particular. A significant customer security breach or incident of this sort could result in loss of customers, loss of revenues, damage to our reputation, direct damages, costs of repair and detection and other unplanned expenses. 
 While we carry cybersecurity and privacy insurance to cover events of the sort described above, the coverage may not be adequate to compensate us for losses that may occur by reason of such events. 
 Failure to adequately protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, know-how, proprietary applications, business processes and other proprietary information could adversely affect the value of our technology and products. 
 We largely rely on our own multi-layered technical security controls and confidentiality procedures, including employee nondisclosure agreements for certain employees, to maintain the confidentiality and security of our trade secrets, know-how, internally developed computer applications, business processes and other proprietary information. If third parties gain unauthorized access to our information systems or if our proprietary information is misappropriated, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Trade secrets laws offer limited protection against third party development of competitive products or services. Because we lack the protection of registered copyrights for our internally developed software applications, we may be vulnerable to misappropriation of our proprietary applications by third parties or competitors. Enforcing a claim that a third party illegally obtained and is using any of our proprietary information or technology is expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. The failure to adequately protect our proprietary information could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights. 
 Our success depends also in part on us not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. Our competitors, as well as a number of other entities and individuals, may own or claim to own intellectual property relating to our industry. In the future, such third parties may claim that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, and we may be found to be infringing such rights. Any claims or litigation could cause us to incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us, could require that we pay substantial damages or ongoing royalty payments, prevent us from offering our services, or require that we comply with other unfavorable terms. Even if we were to prevail in such a dispute, any litigation could be costly and time-consuming and divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. 
 We employ third-party and open source licensed software for use in our business, and the inability to maintain these licenses, errors in the software we license or the terms of open source licenses could result in increased costs, or reduced service levels, which would adversely affect our business. 
 Our business relies on certain third-party software obtained under licenses from other companies. We anticipate that we will continue to rely on such third-party software in the future. Commercially reasonable alternatives to the third-party software we currently license may not always be available and such alternatives may be difficult or costly to implement. In addition, integration of new third-party software may require significant work and require substantial investment of our time and resources. Our use of additional or alternative third-party software would require us to enter into license agreements with third parties, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Many of the risks associated with the use of third-party software cannot be eliminated, and these risks could negatively affect our business. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, the software powering our technology systems incorporates software covered by open source licenses. The terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts and there is a risk that the licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to operate our systems. In the event that portions of our proprietary software are determined to be subject to an open source license, we could be required to publicly release the affected portions of our source code or re-engineer all or a portion of our technology systems, each of which could reduce or eliminate the value of our technology system. Such risks could be difficult or impossible to eliminate and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If our ability to expand our network and technology infrastructure is constrained, we could lose customers and that loss could adversely affect our operating results. 
 The success of our business strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in the future. Our growth has placed, and will continue to place, increased demands on our network and technology infrastructure and other resources and further expansion of our operations will require substantial financial resources. Our growth strategies include the evaluation of opportunities in new geographic markets as well as in adjacent and new market verticals. Any expansions into such markets could significantly increase the demands placed on our network and technology infrastructure. To accommodate such growth, we must continue to expand and adapt our network and technology infrastructure to accommodate additional users, increased transaction volumes, changing customer requirements and current and future growth initiatives. We may not be able to accurately project the rate or timing of increases, if any, in the volume of transactions we process, reprice or otherwise service or be able to expand and upgrade our systems and infrastructure to accommodate such increases. Projecting such needs may be particularly difficult for new solutions and services or for the expansion of existing solutions and services into international or other markets in which we have limited or no prior experience. We may be unable to expand or adapt our network infrastructure to meet additional demand or our customers' changing needs on a timely basis, at a commercially reasonable cost or at all. Our current information technology systems, procedures and controls may not continue to support our operations while maintaining acceptable overall performance and may hinder our ability to exploit the market for healthcare applications and services. Service lapses could cause our users to switch to the services of our competitors or in-source such services. 
 Other Business and Operational Risks 
 Changes in accounting principles may negatively affect our results of operations. 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. These principles are subject to interpretation by the SEC and other organizations that develop and interpret accounting principles. New accounting principles arise regularly, implementation of which can have a significant effect on and may increase the volatility of our reported operating results and may even retroactively affect previously reported operating results. In addition, the implementation of new accounting principles may require changes to our customer and vendor contracts, business processes, accounting systems, and internal controls over financial reporting. The costs and effects of these changes could adversely impact our operating results, and difficulties in implementing new accounting principles could cause us to fail to timely meet our financial reporting obligations. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the rules and regulations of the applicable listing standards of the NYSE. We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly and place significant strain on our personnel, systems and resources. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In particular, Section 404 requires us to perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting to allow management to report on, and our independent registered public accounting firm to attest to, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Any failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and could cause a decline in the trading price of our Class A common stock. We are required to be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 We are continuing to refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. We are also continuing to improve our internal control over financial reporting. In order to develop, maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 continue to expend, significant resources, including accounting-related and audit-related costs and significant management oversight. 
 Our controls, including any new controls that we develop, may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. Further, weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could harm our results of operations or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our consolidated financial statements for prior periods. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could also adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that we will be required to include in our periodic reports that will be filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on the NYSE. 
 We may need to recognize impairment charges related to goodwill, identified intangible assets and fixed assets. 
 We have substantial balances of goodwill and identified intangible assets. We are required to test goodwill and any other intangible assets with an indefinite life for possible impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently when circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. We are also required to evaluate amortizable intangible assets and fixed assets for impairment if there are indicators of a possible impairment. 
 Based on the results of the annual impairment test in the fourth quarter of 2022, the estimated fair values of our goodwill and indefinite-lived assets were less than their carrying values and as a result impairment charges of 657.9 million for our goodwill and 4.3 million for our indefinite-lived intangibles were recorded. 
 The current goodwill impairment analysis incorporates our expectations for moderate sales growth and the overall outlook was consistent with our long-term projections. 
 There is significant judgment required in the analysis of a potential impairment of goodwill, identified intangible assets and fixed assets. If, as a result of a general economic slowdown, deterioration in one or more of the markets in which we operate or impairment in our financial performance and/or future outlook, the estimated fair value of our long-lived assets decreases, or if our market capitalization declines, we may determine that one or more of our long-lived assets is further impaired. An impairment charge would be recorded if the estimated fair value of the assets is lower than the carrying value and any such impairment charge could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. 
 Changes in laws, regulations or rules, or a failure to comply with any laws, regulations or rules, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 
 We are subject to laws, regulations and rules enacted by national, regional and local governments and the NYSE. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC, NYSE and other legal or regulatory requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws, regulations and rules may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws, regulations or rules and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or rules, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Changes in tax may negatively affect our results of operations. 
 There is no guarantee that we will realize our deferred tax assets. From time to time, we are audited by various federal, state, and local authorities regarding income tax matters. Significant judgment is required to determine our provision for income taxes and our liabilities for federal, state and local taxes. 
 Our ability to use our loss and interest carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations and we could be subject to tax audits or examinations that could result in a loss of our net operating losses and/or cash tax exposures. 
 The realization of our deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient income in either the carryback or carryforward periods under the tax law. Due to significant estimates utilized in establishing valuation allowance and the 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 potential for changes in facts and circumstances, it is possible that we will be required to record a valuation allowance in future reporting periods. 
 Our results of operations would be impacted negatively if we determine that a deferred tax asset valuation allowance is required in a future reporting period. 
 We may incur costs in complying with changing tax laws in the U.S., which could adversely impact our cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. We are a U.S.-based company subject to taxes in multiple U.S. state and local tax jurisdictions. Our profits, cash flows and effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the tax rules and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do business, unanticipated changes in statutory tax rates and changes to our mix of earnings. 
 Risks Related to the Healthcare Industry and other Legal Regulations 
 We operate in an industry that is subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation. Changes in existing healthcare laws and regulatory interpretations on a state or federal level may adversely affect us. 
 The healthcare industry is subject to extensive and evolving federal, state and local regulations, including among other things, laws and regulations relating to: 
 health benefit plans subject to ERISA; 
 commercial health benefit plans subject to state licensure and regulation; 
 privacy and security of patient information, including HIPAA; 
 the conduct of operations, including fraud and abuse, anti-kickback, patient inducement and false claims prohibitions; 
 mental health parity obligations imposed by federal and state laws; 
 the operation of provider networks, including transparency, access, licensing, certification and credentialing requirements; 
 the methods of payment of out-of-network claims, including "surprise" billing subject to the requirements of the No Surprises Act and its implementing regulations, or applicable state law; 
 Payors subject to the requirements of the Transparency in Coverage Rule; 
 health information technology; 
 breach of duty, the corporate practice of medicine and fee-splitting prohibitions; 
 laws and regulations relating to business corporations in general; 
 additional restrictions relating to our ability to utilize the claims data we collect from providers; and 
 Payors subject to the requirements for health reform under Affordable Care Act. 
 As a provider of network management services to our customers and as a contractor and/or subcontractor with federal and state governments, we are subject to extensive and increasing regulation by a number of governmental entities at the federal, state and local levels with respect to the above laws. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of available statutory and regulatory exceptions, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws from time to time, including in private litigation. Statutory changes to, or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of, the laws and regulations described above may significantly impact or restrict our ability to carry on our business as currently conducted and may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These risks may be exacerbated by our expansion into new geographic markets and, in particular, by any expansion into international markets. The expansion of our operations into new products and services may expose us to additional requirements and potential liabilities under additional statutes and legislative schemes that previously have not been relevant to our business, that may increase demands on our resources for compliance activities, and that may subject us to potential penalties for noncompliance with statutory and regulatory standards. Under our contracts we are also subject to audits by our customers, and are regularly required to attest as to our compliance with our contracts and applicable laws and regulations. We and our healthcare customers may also be subject to investigations and proceedings that seek recovery under laws such as 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 federal and state false claims acts, civil monetary penalties laws, and anti-kickback laws applicable to the business of our customers. Since the services we provide are not reimbursed by government healthcare programs, such fraud and abuse laws generally do not apply to our business, however, some laws may be applicable to us. The laws, regulations, and other requirements in this area are broad and complex and judicial and regulatory interpretations can be inconsistent. We are unable to predict how these laws, regulations or other requirements will be interpreted or the full extent of their application, particularly to services that are not directly reimbursed by government healthcare programs. In addition, private citizens, acting as whistleblowers, can sue on behalf of the government under the qui tam provisions of the federal False Claims Act and similar statutory provisions in many states. Investigations or proceedings could subject us or our customers to various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, which could include terminations of contracts, fines, and suspension and debarment from doing business with the government. If we are found to be in violation of any applicable law or regulation or are subject to an audit, investigation or proceeding, any resulting negative publicity, penalties or sanctions could have an adverse effect on our reputation in the industry, impair our ability to compete for new contracts and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 New federal and state laws and regulations could force us to change the conduct of our business or operations or affect our ability to expand our operations into other states or increase costs or delay or prevent the introduction of new or enhanced solutions or impair the function or value of our existing solutions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Federal Legislation 
 In recent years, Congress has introduced and, in some cases, passed a number of legislative proposals governing various aspects of the healthcare industry, including initiatives to provide greater government control of healthcare spending, to broaden access to healthcare services, to prohibit, restrict or address "surprise" billing by out-of-network providers, to strengthen obligations for mental health parity in healthcare services, and to change the operating environment for healthcare providers and Payors. In addition, federal and state legislatures periodically have considered programs to reform or amend the U.S. healthcare system at both the federal and state level, such as measures that would modify the Affordable Care Act or expand the role of government-sponsored coverage, including nationalization of the healthcare system and "Medicare for All" proposals, which could have far-reaching implications for the healthcare industry if enacted. Federal and state efforts to reduce healthcare spending may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our failure to anticipate accurately the application of such proposals or future laws and regulations, our failure to adapt our solutions to them or our failure to comply with them may create liability for us, result in adverse publicity, reduce our market share, and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are unable to predict the success of such initiatives, but, if passed, these and other efforts may adversely affect our business or operations, may create unexpected liabilities for us, may cause us or our customers to incur additional costs, and may restrict our operations or the operations of our customers. 
 Healthcare reform laws such as the Affordable Care Act have had a significant impact on the healthcare industry, including changing the manner in which providers and Payors contract for services. In addition, under the Affordable Care Act Payors are required to meet certain financial criteria. While these obligations directly affect many of our customers, the obligations may also affect the contract terms and relationships between us and those customers. In addition, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021, included the No Surprises Act, which provides new protections for patients from "surprise" bills, creates new processes for payments to non-participating providers and facilities, and necessitates new compliance efforts by group health plans and health insurance issuers offering group or health insurance coverage, as well as non-participating providers and facilities. While we currently service Payor customers that are already subject to certain state-level "surprise" billing laws, we cannot assure you that the No Surprises Act and its implementing regulations, or any other initiatives aimed at addressing "surprise" billing, if implemented, would not adversely impact our ability to continue certain lines of business in existing markets or expand such business into new markets or adversely affect the contractual terms and relationships between us and our customers or result in additional compliance costs. Current judicial challenges to certain aspects of the No Surprises Act s implementing IFRs could inject further uncertainty or require additional or revised compliance efforts by our customers. 
 It is uncertain the extent to which any such judicial, legislative, regulatory or administrative changes, if made, may impact our business or financial condition. Although laws such as the Affordable Care Act and the No Surprises Act have not caused us to significantly change our customer contracts or other aspects of our business, it is difficult to quantify the financial impact of such laws and there can be no assurances that we will not be adversely impacted in the future by any amendments to these or other healthcare laws or regulations. Many healthcare laws are complex, subject to frequent change and dependent on interpretation and enforcement decisions from government agencies with broad discretion as well as federal and state courts. The application of these laws to us or our customers or the specific services we deliver and the relationships we have with our customers is not always clear. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Other legislative or regulatory changes that could significantly harm us include, but are not limited to, changes that: 
 increase the number of individuals covered by government entitlement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid as opposed to private health insurance plans; 
 impact the operation of provider networks, including changes relating to transparency, access, licensing, certification and credentialing; 
 limit contractual terms with providers, including audit, payment and termination provisions; and 
 impose additional healthcare information privacy or security requirements. 
 Renewed calls for health insurance reform could cause significant uncertainty in the U.S. healthcare market, could increase our costs, decrease our revenues or inhibit our business or operations. We cannot predict what impact, if any, U.S. federal and state health reforms or other government proposals and activities, which include efforts to change or reform the administration or interpretation of government healthcare programs, laws, regulations or policies, might have on us, but such changes could impose new and more stringent regulatory requirements on our activities, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that such activities will not limit the expansion of our business, impose new compliance requirements on us or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. The passage and implementation of new federal laws or regulations that govern the conduct of our business could significantly impact or restrict our ability to carry on our business as currently conducted and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 State Legislation 
 State laws and regulations governing our business vary widely among the states in which we operate, and include laws requiring credentialing of all network providers and "any willing provider" laws requiring networks to accept as participating providers any qualified professional who is willing to meet the terms and conditions of the network. There is little regulatory or judicial guidance with respect to the application of such laws and in some cases they may increase the costs of operations in such states. Should a state in which we operate determine that our network does not meet state requirements, we may be subject to administrative penalties or other administrative actions or private litigation. 
 Several states have implemented legislation mandating certain contract terms in provider contracts for group health plans, preferred provider organizations, HMOs and other third-party Payors. Depending on the state, these mandatory contract terms may relate to prompt payment, payment amounts and payment methods. As a result of such legislation and similar future legislative initiatives, we may be required to amend some of our provider contracts and comply with legislative mandates related to payment. Violations of prompt payment laws, which regulate the amount of time that may elapse from when a Payor receives a claim for services rendered to when those services are paid, may result in requirements to pay interest in addition to any amounts owed to providers, and may lead to reputational harm or result in a breach of our contractual obligations to certain customers. 
 Some states have also considered legislation designed to regulate the PPO market by limiting the ability of preferred provider networks to offer broad access to discounted rates negotiated with contracted providers. State laws limiting access to provider networks may affect our ability to continue certain lines of business in existing markets or expand such business into new markets. Some states have considered or enacted legislation designed to regulate the manner in which certain insurers should pay for certain categories of out-of-network claims or aimed at addressing "surprise" billing by out-of-network providers, and it is uncertain how states may react to the recently enacted No Surprises Act. State laws regulating the basis of payment that are not preempted by the No Surprises Act may affect our ability to continue certain lines of business in existing markets or expand such business into new markets and the contractual terms and relationships between us and our customers. 
 Changes to state laws and regulations or the interpretation and enforcement of such state laws and regulations may adversely impact our existing business in certain states, or restrict our ability to expand our operations in other states, in each case potentially adversely impacting our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our use and disclosure of individually identifiable information, including health information, is subject to federal and state privacy and security regulations, and our failure to comply with those regulations or adequately secure the information we hold could result in significant liability or reputational harm. 
 State and federal laws and regulations, including HIPAA, govern the collection, dissemination, use, disclosure, creation, receipt, maintenance, transmission, privacy, confidentiality, security, availability and integrity of individually identifiable 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 information, including PHI. HIPAA establishes basic national privacy and security standards for protection of PHI by covered entities such as our customers, and the business associates with whom such entities contract for services, including us. As a business associate, we are also directly liable for compliance with HIPAA. In addition to HIPAA, we must adhere to applicable state patient confidentiality and other laws that are not preempted by HIPAA, including those that may be more stringent than HIPAA. 
 In the event of a breach of our obligations under HIPAA or other state laws, we could be subject to enforcement actions by the U.S. Department for Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights and state regulators and lawsuits, including class action lawsuits, by private plaintiffs. Mandatory penalties for HIPAA violations can be significant and OCR and state regulators may require businesses to enter into settlement or resolution agreements and corrective action plans that impose ongoing compliance requirements. If a person knowingly or intentionally obtains or discloses PHI in violation of HIPAA requirements, criminal penalties may also be imposed. In addition, state Attorneys General are authorized to bring civil actions under HIPAA or relevant state laws. Courts can award damages, costs and attorneys' fees related to violations of HIPAA or state laws in such cases. While we maintain safeguards that we believe are reasonable and appropriate to protect the privacy and security of PHI and other personally identifiable information consistent with applicable law and our contractual obligations, we cannot provide assurance regarding how these laws, regulations, and contracts will be interpreted, enforced or applied to our operations; our systems may be vulnerable to physical break-ins, viruses, hackers, and other potential sources of security breaches or incidents and, on limited occasion in the past, we have experienced immaterial breaches. In addition, we may not be able to prevent incidents of inappropriate use or disclosure or unauthorized access to or acquisition of PHI by our employees or contractors. Any such breaches or incidents could result in exposure to liability under federal and state laws and/or under our contractual arrangements and could adversely impact our business. 
 Numerous other state, federal and foreign laws govern the collection, dissemination, use, disclosure, access to, confidentiality and security of health information and personal data, breaches of such information, and actions that a business must take if it experiences a data breach, such as prompt disclosure to affected customers or individuals. In addition, Congress and some states are considering new laws and regulations that further protect the privacy and security of medical information and personal data and that address data breaches. The Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, and states' Attorneys General have also brought enforcement actions and prosecuted some data breach cases as unfair and/or deceptive acts or practices under the FTC Act. In addition to data breach notification laws, some states have enacted statutes and rules requiring businesses to reasonably protect certain types of personal information they hold or to otherwise comply with certain specified data security requirements for personal information, such as, the California Consumer Privacy Act and the California Privacy Rights Act. As with HIPAA, these laws may apply directly to our business or indirectly by contract when we provide services to other companies. We are currently evaluating potential growth opportunities, including opportunities that involve the processing and analysis of third-party data which may include PHI or other protected personal information, which could increase our compliance obligations and may subject us to state, foreign, federal or other laws that we are not currently subject. In the event that we are found out of compliance with applicable state, federal and foreign laws and regulations, we could potentially be subject to civil or criminal sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Heightened enforcement activity by federal and state agencies may increase our potential exposure to damaging lawsuits, investigations and other enforcement actions. 
 In recent years, both federal and state government agencies have increased civil and criminal enforcement efforts relating to the healthcare industry. This heightened enforcement activity increases our potential exposure to damaging lawsuits, investigations and other enforcement actions. Any such investigation or action could force us to expend considerable resources to respond to or defend against such investigation or action, could adversely affect our reputation or profitability, and could be disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings and governmental inquiries are difficult to predict. Unfavorable outcomes from these claims, lawsuits and governmental inquiries could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and we could incur substantial monetary liability and/or be required to change our business practices. Any claims made against us, regardless of their merit or eventual outcome, could damage our reputation and business and our ability to attract and retain customers and employees. 
 By way of example, the Affordable Care Act increased the penalties applied under the Federal Sentencing Guidelines for federal healthcare offenses that affect a governmental program. The fraud enforcement provisions would apply to us to the extent we are deemed a government contractor for a federal healthcare program. 
 A number of laws bear on our relationships with physicians. There is a risk that state authorities in some jurisdictions may find that our contractual relationships with physicians violate laws prohibiting the corporate practice of medicine and fee-splitting. These laws generally prohibit the practice of medicine by lay entities or persons and are intended to prevent unlicensed persons or entities from interfering with or inappropriately influencing the physician's professional judgment. They 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 may also prevent the sharing of professional services income with non-professional or business interests. Judicial and regulatory interpretation or other guidance regarding the application of these types of laws to businesses such as ours is limited. These laws regarding fee splitting and the corporate practice of medicine could be invoked by litigants in a breach of contract dispute against us or in an action to find our contracts to be legally invalid or unenforceable. In addition, patients may seek to hold us responsible for third parties' recommendations regarding the appropriateness of providers' medical treatment plans for patients. We could be subject to claims or investigations under certain state laws were such laws interpreted to apply to our provision of such recommendations. 
 A number of laws could impact our out-of-network products. Federal and state regulators may investigate us or our customers with respect to the payment of out-of-network claims, including the determination of payment amounts and what data and other factors are permitted to be used by commercial health Payors and other Payors in making such determinations, or the calculation of required amounts under the No Surprises Act, as well as investigations related to regulations requiring transparency. 
 We can provide no assurance that state or federal regulators will not take the position that our current and planned activities and the conduct of our business constitute illegal fee-splitting, the unlawful corporate practice of medicine or a breach of any legal duty. Nor can we provide any assurance that such regulators will not contend that our current and planned activities do not comply with laws and regulations relating to determination of payment amounts, surprise billing or transparency. Moreover, we can provide no assurance that future interpretations or applications of these laws will not require us to make material changes to our operations or business, including with respect to our existing contractual arrangements with providers and Payors. If regulatory authorities assert or determine that we have violated any of these laws, we could be subject to significant penalties and/or restructuring requirements in addition to the adverse consequences outlined above, each of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Indebtedness 
 Our level of indebtedness and current leverage may materially adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations or growth and limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total indebtedness (excluding an aggregate of 1.8 million of letters of credit) of 4,822.3 million, which is comprised of 1,300.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Convertible PIK Notes, 1,308.4 million in outstanding term loans under the term loan facility, 1,163.8 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.750 Notes, 1,050.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.50 Senior Secured Notes and 45.0 thousand in non-current finance lease obligations. In addition, we would have had an additional 448.2 million available for borrowing under the revolving credit facility (giving effect to the 1.8 million of outstanding letters of credit referred to above). Our substantial level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay, when due, the principal of, interest on or other amounts due in respect of our indebtedness. Our substantial indebtedness, combined with our other financial obligations and contractual commitments, may have a material adverse impact on us and our business. For example, it could: 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy obligations with respect our indebtedness and any repurchase obligations that may arise thereunder; 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, research and development and other purposes; 
 increase our vulnerability to adverse economic, market and industry conditions and limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, these conditions; 
 expose us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest; 
 result in a lowering or withdrawal of our credit ratings; 
 limit our flexibility to adjust to changing market conditions and our ability to withstand competitive pressures, and we may be more vulnerable to a downturn in general economic or industry conditions or be unable to carry out capital spending that is necessary or important to our growth strategy; 
 limit our ability to borrow additional funds or to dispose of assets to raise funds, if needed, for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, research and development and other corporate purposes; and 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 limit our ability to compete with others who are not as highly-leveraged. 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which in turn are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. We may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. 
 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness in order to meet our debt service and other obligations. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. The terms of existing or future debt instruments may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. In addition, any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit ratings, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness. The agreement that governs the senior secured credit facilities and the indenture that governs the 5.750 Notes restrict us, MPH and our restricted subsidiaries' ability to dispose of assets and use the proceeds from the disposition. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain the proceeds that we could realize from them and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service or other obligations then due. These alternative measures to general cash flow and capital resources outlined above may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. 
 Our debt agreements contain restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business. 
 We are subject to certain affirmative and negative debt covenants under the debt agreements governing our indebtedness that limit our and/or certain of our subsidiaries' ability to engage in specific types of transactions. These covenants limit our and/or certain of our subsidiaries', ability to, among other things: 
 incur additional indebtedness or issue disqualified or preferred stock; 
 pay certain dividends or make certain distributions on capital stock or repurchase or redeem capital stock; 
 make certain loans, investments or other restricted payments; 
 transfer or sell certain assets; 
 incur certain liens; 
 place restrictions on the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments to us; 
 guarantee indebtedness or incur other contingent obligations; 
 prepay junior debt and make certain investments; 
 consummate any merger, consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve ourself or itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), or dispose of all or substantially all of our or such subsidiary's business units, assets or other properties; and 
 engage in transactions with our affiliates. 
 In addition, under the senior secured credit facilities, in certain circumstances, MPH is required to satisfy specified financial ratios, including a first-lien secured debt leverage ratio. MPH's ability to meet those financial ratios can be affected by events beyond our control, and MPH may not be able to meet those ratios and tests. 
 The restrictions and specified financial ratios could limit our ability to plan for or react to market or economic conditions or meet capital needs or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans and could adversely affect our ability to finance operations, acquisitions, investments or strategic alliances or other capital needs or to engage in other business activities that would be in our interest. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 The debt agreements governing the new senior secured credit facilities, Term Loan B, the Revolver B, the 5.750 Notes and the 5.50 Senior Secured Notes contain customary events of default, subject to grace periods and exceptions, which include, among others, payment defaults, cross-defaults to certain material indebtedness, certain events of bankruptcy, material judgments, in the case of the debt agreements governing the new senior secured credit facilities and the 5.50 Senior Secured Notes, failure of a guarantee on the liens on material collateral to remain in effect, in the case of the debt agreements governing the new senior secured credit facilities, Term Loan B and Revolver B any change of control. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under such debt agreements, the lenders and holders of such debt will be permitted to accelerate the loans and terminate the commitments, as applicable, thereunder and exercise other specified remedies available to the lenders and holders thereunder. These actions by lenders could cause cross-acceleration under the indentures that govern the Senior Convertible PIK Notes and the indentures that govern the 5.750 Notes and the 5.50 Senior Secured Notes. A significant portion of our indebtedness then may become immediately due and payable. We cannot be certain whether we would have, or would be able to obtain, sufficient funds to make these accelerated payments. If any such indebtedness is accelerated, our assets may not be sufficient to repay in full such indebtedness and our other indebtedness. 
 Despite our current leverage, we and our subsidiaries may still be able to incur substantially more indebtedness, including secured indebtedness. This could further exacerbate the risks that we and our subsidiaries face. 
 We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur significant additional indebtedness in the future. Although certain of our subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. These restrictions also will not prevent us or such subsidiaries from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness. We may also seek to increase the borrowing availability under the senior secured credit facilities through incremental term loans or an increase to the revolving credit facility commitments under the senior secured credit facilities under certain circumstances. 
 A lowering or withdrawal of the ratings assigned to our debt instruments by rating agencies may increase our future borrowing costs and reduce our access to capital. 
 Any rating assigned to our debt instruments could be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in that rating agency's judgment, future circumstances relating to the basis of the rating, such as adverse changes in our performance under assorted financial metrics and other measures of financial strength, our business and financial risk, our industry or other factors determined by such rating agency, so warrant. There can be no assurances that our credit ratings or outlook will not be lowered in the future in response to adverse changes in these metrics and factors caused by our operating results or by actions that we take, that reduce our profitability, or that require us to incur additional indebtedness for items such as substantial acquisitions, significant increases in costs and capital spending in security and IT systems, significant costs related to settlements of litigation or regulatory requirements, or by returning excess cash to shareholders through dividends. Consequently, real or anticipated changes in our credit rating will generally affect the market value of our indebtedness. Additionally, credit ratings may not reflect the potential effect of risks relating to the structure of our indebtedness. Any future lowering of our ratings likely would make it more difficult or more expensive for us to obtain additional debt financing and may reduce our profitability. 
 Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. 
 All of the borrowings under the senior secured credit facilities bear interest at variable rates. As a result, an increase in interest rates, whether due to an increase in market interest rates or an increase in our own cost of borrowing, would increase the cost of servicing our debt even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, will correspondingly decrease. A 0.25 increase in interest rates under the senior secured credit facilities (assuming the revolving credit facility was fully drawn) would increase our annual interest expense by approximately 4.4 million. The Federal Reserve has increased its reference rate by 4.00 between March and December 2022 with the end of its current rate tightening cycle and additional impact on our interest expense being uncertain. In the future, we may take various actions in order to reduce our interest rate risk. For example, we may pay down or repurchase our borrowings, or we may enter into interest rate swaps that involve the exchange of floating for fixed rate interest payments in order to reduce interest rate volatility. However, we may not maintain interest rate swaps with respect to all of our variable rate indebtedness, and any swaps we enter into may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk. 
 In addition, interest on our Term Loan B and Revolver B is calculated in reference to LIBOR, the publication of which is expected to be discontinued in mid-2023. We are currently assessing the impact that the discontinuation of LIBOR may have on us. We are able to transition from LIBOR to Term SOFR at or before the discontinuation of LIBOR, the timing of which is at our discretion. It is possible that the transition from LIBOR to Term SOFR will result in interest rates and/or payments that 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 result in higher borrowing costs over time than would have been our obligations if LIBOR continued to be available in its current form. See "Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" in this Annual Report for more information. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 H F and the Sponsor beneficially own a significant equity interest in us and their interests may conflict with us or other shareholders' interests. 
 H F and the Sponsor collectively control approximately 38 of our voting equity. As a result, they have significant influence over our decisions to enter into any corporate transaction. In addition, H F and the Sponsor are each in the business of making investments in companies and may acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. H F and the Sponsor, and their respective affiliates, may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that certain parties may engage in competitive businesses and renounces any entitlement to certain corporate opportunities offered to the private placement investors or any of their managers, officers, directors, equity holders, members, principals, affiliates and subsidiaries (other than us and our subsidiaries) that are not expressly offered to them in their capacities as our directors or officers. The second amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that certain parties or any of their managers, officers, directors, equity holders, members, principals, affiliates and subsidiaries (other than us and our subsidiaries) do not have any fiduciary duty to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us or any of our subsidiaries. 
 We are currently and may in the future be subject to securities or other stockholder litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 
 In the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market prices of particular companies' securities, securities class action or state stockholder lawsuits have often been instituted against publicly traded companies. We have been, and may in the future be, the target of this type of litigation and regulatory proceedings. For example, we were previously named as a defendant in two putative class action lawsuits relating to the Transactions that have since been consolidated under the caption In Re MultiPlan Corp. Stockholders Litigation, Consolidated C.A. No. 2021-0300-LWW (Del.Ch) Delaware Stockholder Litigation ). While we were dismissed from the Delaware Stockholder Litigation, that consolidated lawsuit proceeded against other defendants affiliated with Churchill Capital III Corp. and we have agreed to indemnify certain of the defendants with respect to the Delaware Stockholder Litigation. On November 17, 2022, we and the parties to the Delaware Stockholder Litigation entered into a settlement agreement that, upon approval by the court, will fully and finally resolve this Delaware Stockholder Litigation. 
 The existence of litigation, claims, investigations and proceedings may harm our reputation, limit our ability to conduct our business in the affected areas and adversely affect the trading prices of our stock and/or other securities. The outcome of any claims, investigations and proceedings is inherently uncertain, and in any event defending against these claims could result in substantial costs and divert our management's attention and resources from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. Any adverse determination in any such litigation or any amounts paid to settle any such actual or threatened litigation could require that we make significant payments, incur legal and other costs, limit our ability to conduct business or require us to change the manner in which we operate. 
 Our charter designates a state court within the State of Delaware, to the fullest extent permitted by law, as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit the ability of our stockholders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or with our directors, officers or employees and may discourage stockholders from bringing such claims. 
 Under our charter, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum will be a state court within the State of Delaware for: 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 
 any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by, or any wrongdoing by, any director, officer or employee of ours to us or our stockholders; 
 any action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer or other employee of ours arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our charter or bylaws (as either may be amended, restated, modified, supplemented or waived from time to time); 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 any action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer or other employee of ours governed by the internal affairs doctrine; or any action asserting an "internal corporate claim" as that term is defined in Section 115 of the DGCL, shall be a state court located within the State of Delaware (or, if no state court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware). 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing provisions of our charter will not apply to any action or proceeding asserting a claim under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. These provisions of our charter could limit the ability of our stockholders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for certain disputes with us or with our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our charter inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the types of actions or proceedings listed above, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Provisions in our organizational documents and stockholders agreement could delay or prevent a change of control. 
 Certain provisions of our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws and Investor Rights Agreement may have the effect of delaying or preventing a merger, acquisition, tender offer, takeover attempt or other change of control transaction that a stockholder might consider to be in its best interest, including attempts that might result in a premium over the market price of our common stock. 
 These provisions provide for, among other things: 
 the division of our Board into three classes, as nearly equal in size as possible, with directors in each class serving three-year terms and with terms of the directors of only one class expiring in any given year; 
 that directors may only be removed for cause, and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class; 
 the ability of our Board to issue one or more series of preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could have the effect of impeding the success of an attempt to acquire us or otherwise effect a change of control; 
 advance notice for nominations of directors by stockholders and for stockholders to include matters to be considered at stockholder meetings; 
 the right of H F and Sponsor and certain of their respective affiliates to nominate a number of the members of our Board and the obligation of certain of our the other parties to the Investor Rights Agreement to support such nominees; 
 certain limitations on convening special stockholder meetings; and 
 that certain provisions of our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may be amended only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of our stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. 
 These provisions could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us, even if the third-party s offer may be considered beneficial by many of our stockholders. As a result, our stockholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares. 
 Our Board will be authorized to issue and designate shares of our preferred stock in additional series without stockholder approval. 
 Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes our Board, without the approval of our stockholders, to issue 10,000,000 shares of our preferred stock, subject to limitations prescribed by applicable law, rules and regulations and the provisions of our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as shares of preferred stock in series, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof. The powers, preferences and rights of these additional series of preferred stock may be senior to, or on parity with, our common stock, which may reduce its value. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 We currently do not intend to declare dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future and, as a result, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment is if the price of our common stock appreciates. 
 We currently do not expect to declare any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any determination to declare or pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board, subject to applicable laws and dependent upon a number of factors, including our earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, overall financial condition and other factors that our Board deems relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock is currently limited by the covenants contained in the agreements governing our debt instruments, and may be further restricted by the terms of any future debt or preferred securities. We cannot guarantee that we will pay, or if commenced continue to pay, a dividend in the future. Accordingly, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment in our company may be if the market price of our common stock appreciates and you sell your shares at a profit. The market price for our common stock may never exceed, and may fall below, the price that you pay for such common stock. 
 Any sale of our Class A common stock and warrants by a significant stockholder, or the perception that such sales may occur, could cause the market price of our securities to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 The market price of shares of our Class A common stock could decline as a result of substantial sales of our Class A common stock, particularly by our significant stockholders, a large number of shares of our Class A common stock becoming available for sale, or the perception in the market that holders of a large number of shares intend to sell their shares. 
 In connection with the Merger Agreement, we, the Sponsor, Holdings, H F and certain other parties thereto entered into the Investor Rights Agreement, pursuant to which such stockholders are entitled to, among other things, certain registration rights, including demand, piggy-back and shelf registration rights, subject to cut-back provisions, which rights may facilitate the sale by these holders of a significant portion of our common stock. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. 
 Our Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares are accounted for as derivative liabilities and changes in fair value for each period are reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had Private Placement Warrants exercisable for an aggregate of 19,068,698 shares of our Class A common stock and Unvested Founder Shares contingently issuable for an aggregate of 12,404,080 shares of our Class A common stock outstanding. We account for the Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares as liabilities. At each reporting period (i) the accounting treatment of the Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares will be re-evaluated for proper accounting treatment as a liability or equity and (ii) the fair value of the liability of the Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares will be re-measured and the change in the fair value of the liability will be recorded as Change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares in our consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. Changes in the inputs and assumptions for the valuation model we use to determine the fair value of such liability may have a material impact on the estimated fair value of the embedded derivative liability. The share price of our Class A common stock represents the primary underlying variable that impacts the value of the derivative instruments. Additional factors that impact the value of the derivative instruments include the volatility of our stock price, risk-free rate and discount for lack of marketability. As a result, our consolidated financial statements and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly, based on various factors, such as the share price of our Class A common stock, many of which are outside of our control. In addition, we may change the underlying assumptions used in our valuation model, which could result in significant fluctuations in our results of operations. If our stock price is volatile, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on the outstanding Private Placement Warrants, Unvested Founder Shares or any other similar derivative instruments each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 The price of our securities may be volatile. 
 The trading price of our securities may fluctuate substantially. This may be especially true for companies like ours with a small public float. The trading price of our securities will depend on many factors, including those described in this "Risk Factors" section, many of which are beyond our control and may not be related to our operating performance. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on your investment in our securities. In such circumstances, the trading price of our securities may experience a decline. 
 The price of our securities may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, including: 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results and those of other public companies in our industry; 
 changes in the market's expectations about our operating results; 
 the public's reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the SEC; 
 speculation in the press or investment community; 
 short seller reports and negative public commentary; 
 actual or anticipated developments in our business, competitors' businesses or the competitive landscape generally; 
 our operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in a particular period; 
 our ability to execute on our strategic plans and amount of costs we incur in connection therewith; 
 changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning us or the market in general; 
 the failure of securities analysts to publish research about us, or shortfalls in our operating results compared to levels forecast by securities analysts; 
 operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to ours; 
 changes in laws and regulations affecting our business; 
 commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving us; 
 changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt; 
 any reduction in, or withdrawal of, our credit ratings; 
 the volume of our Class A common stock available for public sale; 
 any major change in our Board or management; 
 sales of substantial amounts of our common stock by our directors, officers or significant stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur; 
 mergers and strategic alliances in the industry in which we operate; 
 market prices and conditions in the industry in which we operate; 
 general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates and "trade wars," inflation, pandemics (such as COVID-19), natural disasters, potential or actual military conflicts or acts of terrorism; 
 the general state of the securities markets; and 
 other risk factors listed under "Risk Factors." 
 Broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our securities irrespective of our operating performance. The stock market in general and the NYSE have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our securities, may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for the stocks of other companies which investors perceive to be similar to us could depress our stock price regardless of our business, prospects, financial conditions or results of operations. Broad market and industry factors, including, most recently, the impact of the novel coronavirus, COVID-19, and any other global pandemics, as well as general economic, political and market conditions such as recessions, inflation or interest rate changes, may seriously affect the market price of our securities, regardless of our actual operating performance. A decline in the market price of our securities also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We lease all of our properties, which are located in 12 states. Our corporate headquarters are located in New York, New York. Our primary data center is hosted by a leading provider of co-location hosting services in Texas. Our redundant data center is hosted by a leading provider of co-location hosting services within a facility located in Illinois. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are a defendant in various lawsuits and other pending and threatened litigation and other adversarial matters which have arisen in the ordinary course of business as well as regulatory investigations, all which have arisen in the ordinary course of business. While the ultimate outcome with respect to such proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe they will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 On March 25, 2021 and April 9, 2021, we were named as a defendant in two putative class action lawsuits relating to the Transactions that have since been consolidated under the caption In Re MultiPlan Corp. Stockholders Litigation, Consolidated C.A. No. 2021-0300-LWW (Del.Ch) ("Delaware Stockholder Litigation"). The Delaware Stockholder Litigation asserts breach of fiduciary duty claims and aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty claims against the former directors of the Churchill board, the Sponsor, KG and M. Klein (collectively, the "Churchill Defendants") and the Company. The Delaware Stockholder Litigation complaint alleges that the Transactions were a product of an unfair process by Churchill, which was allegedly impacted by conflicts of interest, resulting in mispricing of the Transactions. The complaint seeks, among other things, damages, certain equitable relief including the reopening of redemptions, and attorneys fees and costs. The Company and the Churchill Defendants filed motions to dismiss the complaint. On January 3, 2022, the Chancery Court issued a ruling granting in part the Company s motion to dismiss and denying the motion to dismiss filed by the Churchill Defendants. 
 While the Company was dismissed from the Delaware Stockholder Litigation, the consolidated lawsuit proceeded against the Churchill Defendants, some of whom we had agreed to indemnify with respect to the Delaware Stockholder Litigation. 
 On November 17, 2022, the Company and the parties to the Delaware Stockholder Litigation entered into a settlement agreement, which is subject to court approval, to fully and finally resolve the Delaware Stockholder Litigation. In connection with the settlement, the Company and its insurers have agreed to pay 33.75 million in exchange for a broad release of all claims related to the business combination and ownership of Churchill stock and warrants from February 19, 2020 through October 8, 2020. The settlement is being paid pursuant to the Company s indemnification obligations and from available director and officer insurance policies. 
 On February 28, 2023, the Delaware Court of Chancery held a settlement hearing relating to the Delaware Action and approved the settlement. We expect the court's ruling will become final in 30 days, at which point the Delaware Action will be fully and finally resolved, which will bring to an end all pending stockholder litigation against the Company and its directors. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has accrued a contingent liability of 24.3 million in accrued legal settlements on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets in connection with the settlement of the Delaware Stockholder Litigation. The Company has also incurred legal expenses in connection with the Delaware Stockholder Litigation, which have been expensed as incurred and are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 N/A 
 
 Part II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Price and Ticker Symbols 
 Our Class A common stock and Public Warrants are currently listed on NYSE under the symbols "MPLN" and "MPLN.WS," respectively. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Holders 
 As of February 22, 2023, there were 92 holders of record of our Class A common stock. Such numbers do not include beneficial owners holding our securities through nominee names. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A common stock to date. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon, among other things, our revenues and earnings, capital requirements and general financial condition and the terms of any outstanding indebtedness. The payment of any cash dividends will be within the discretion of the Board at such time. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 See Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and related Stockholder Matters, for information related to securities authorized for issuance under the Company's equity compensation plans. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 On February 27, 2023, the Company's Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to 100 million of its Class A common stock from time to time in open market transactions. The repurchase program was effective immediately and expires on December 31, 2023. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following Performance Graph and related information shall not be deemed "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference into such filing. 
 The following graph compares, as of each of the dates indicated, the percentage change in the Company s cumulative total shareholder return on its Class A common stock with the cumulative total return of the S P 500 Index and the S P Composite 1500 Health Care Technology Index. 
 The graph assumes that the value of the investment in our Class A common stock and each index was 100 at October 9, 2020, which was the first day the Class A common stock was traded on the New York Stock Exchange, and that all dividends paid by those companies included in the indices were reinvested. The graph is based on historical data and is not necessarily indicative of future performance. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

October 9, 2020 ) December 31, 2021 ) March 31, 2022 ) June 30, 2022 ) September 30, 2022 ) December 31, 2022 ) MultiPlan Corporation 100.00 45.76 48.35 56.71 29.55 11.88 S P 500 Index 100.00 139.52 133.10 111.67 106.22 114.25 S P Composite 1500 Health Care Technology Index 100.00 137.40 130.95 117.05 111.16 117.13 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes accompanying those statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results described below are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected in any future periods. 
 
 Company Overview 
 MultiPlan is a leading provider of data analytics and technology-enabled solutions designed to bring affordability, efficiency and fairness to the U.S. healthcare industry. We do so through services focused on reducing medical cost and improving payment accuracy for the Payors of healthcare, which are health insurers, self-insured employers, and other health plan sponsors (typically through their health plan administrators), and, indirectly, the plan members who are the consumers of healthcare services. 
 MultiPlan was founded in 1980 as a New York-based hospital network and has evolved both organically and through acquisition into an integrated data and analytics platform offering a suite of services, which efficiently address the cost of medical services. MultiPlan offers services to our customers in three categories: 
 Analytics-Based Services: a suite of data-driven algorithms and insights that detect claims over-charges and either negotiate or recommend fair reimbursement for out-of-network medical costs using a variety of data sources and pricing algorithms. These services are applied prior to the payment of the claim and are often processed within a day of receipt; 
 Network-Based Services: contracted discounts with healthcare providers to form one of the largest independent preferred provider organizations ("PPO") in the United States with over 1.3 million providers under contract, as well as outsourced network development and/or management services. These services are applied prior to the payment of the claim and are typically processed within a day of receipt; and 
 Payment and Revenue Integrity Services: data, technology, and clinical expertise deployed to identify and remove improper and unnecessary charges before or after claims are paid, or to identify and help restore and preserve underpaid premium dollars. 
 MultiPlan sits at the nexus of four constituencies - Payors, employers/plan sponsors, plan members and providers - offering an independent reimbursement solution to reduce healthcare costs in a manner that is systematic, efficient and fair to all parties involved. Although the end beneficiary of our services are employers and other plan sponsors and their health plan members, our direct customers are typically health plan administrators ("Payors") who go out to market with our services. Over the last 40+ years, we have developed a platform that offers these Payors a single interface to a comprehensive set of services, which are used in combination or individually to reduce the medical cost burden on their health plan customers and members while fostering independently developed fair and efficient reimbursements to healthcare providers. These comprehensive offerings have enabled us to maintain long-term relationships with a number of our customers, including relationships of over 25 years with some of the nation's largest Payors. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our comprehensive services identified approximately 22.3 billion in potential medical cost savings. 
 We believe our solutions provide a strong value proposition to Payors, their health plan customers and healthcare consumers, as well as to providers. Overall, our service offerings aim to reduce healthcare costs in a manner that is orderly, efficient, and fair to all parties. In addition, because in most instances the fee for our services is directly linked to the savings we identify, our revenue model is aligned with the interests of our customers. 
 
 The Transactions 
 On July 12, 2020, Churchill entered into the Merger Agreement by and among First Merger Sub, Second Merger Sub, Holdings, and MultiPlan Parent. On October 8, 2020, the Merger Agreement was consummated and the Transactions were completed. 
 The Transactions were accounted for as a reverse recapitalization, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded, in accordance with GAAP. Under this method of accounting, Churchill was treated as the "acquired" company for financial reporting purposes with MultiPlan Parent determined to be the accounting acquiror. This determination was primarily based on the existing MultiPlan Parent stockholders being the majority stockholders and holding majority voting power in the combined company, MultiPlan Parent's senior management comprising the majority of senior management of the combined company, and the ongoing operations of MultiPlan Parent comprising the ongoing operations of the combined company. Accordingly, for 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 accounting purposes, the Transactions were treated as the equivalent of MultiPlan Parent issuing shares for the net assets of Churchill, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of Churchill were recognized at fair value (which were consistent with carrying value), with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. See Note 4 The Transactions of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information on the Transactions. 
 As a consequence of the Transactions, we became the successor to an SEC-registered and NYSE-listed company. 
 
 DHP Acquisition 
 On February 26, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of DHP, an analytics and technology company offering healthcare payment and revenue integrity services. The Company acquired 100 percent of the voting equity interest of DHP. The acquisition strengthens MultiPlan's service offering in the payment integrity market with new and complementary services to help its Payor customers manage the overall cost of care and improve their competitiveness. It also adds revenue integrity services for plans that receive premiums from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. 
 The results of operations and financial condition of DHP have been included in the Company's consolidated results from the date of acquisition. In connection with the DHP acquisition, the Company incurred transaction-related expenses of 0.1 million, 4.9 million and 0.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively . The transaction-related expenses have been expensed as incurred and are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 
 Uncertainty Relating to the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 As discussed above and in Note 1 General Information and Business of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report, COVID-19 has negatively impacted our business, results of operations and financial condition since the first quarter of 2020. 
 Effects from COVID-19 began to impact our business in first quarter 2020 with various federal, state, and local governments and private entities mandating restrictions on travel, restrictions on public gatherings, closure of non-essential commerce, and shelter-in-place orders. We temporarily closed all of our offices and restricted travel in 2020 and 2021 due to concern for our employees health and safety and also in compliance with state orders. Although our offices were opened for employees in 2022, most of our approximately 2,500 employees now work remotely. Other than these modifications, we have not experienced any material changes to our operations including receiving and processing transactions with our customers as a result of COVID-19. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s revenues continued to be negatively impacted as a result of the volumes of medical charges received on non-COVID-19 claims from customers not yet reaching pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels due to fewer elective medical procedures and non-essential medical services. Such negative impacts, however, were to a lesser extent compared to the same period in 2020 and 2021, as vaccination rates have increased and most restrictions on medical services have been lifted. 
 The extent of the ultimate impact of COVID-19 will depend on future developments of the pandemic which remain uncertain. These developments include the number of confirmed cases, the emergence of highly contagious variants, and any actions taken by federal, state and local governments such as economic relief efforts, as well as the U.S. and global economies, consumer behavior and healthcare utilization patterns. 
 
 Uncertainty Relating to Healthcare Utilization 
 Although claims volumes have declined for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, the average charge per claim has increased during this time period. The volumes include claims and medical charges processed from our commercial health plans, largely representing our group health Network Based-Services and Analytics-Based Services business, indicate short-term changes in utilization of the healthcare system by commercial health plan members, including on COVID-19 claims. The change in health system utilization may reflect changes in the labor market, monetary policy and inflationary pressures, and other economic conditions that induce health plan members to postpone or forego certain elective care, as well as a decline in COVID-19 testing and treatment since the beginning of 2022. 
 The duration and severity of the change in healthcare utilization will depend on future developments that remain uncertain, including the U.S. and global economies, consumer behavior, health system capacity, and other factors that could impact utilization patterns, in addition to any actions taken by federal, state and local governments. 
 
 Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Medical Cost Savings 
 Our business and revenues are driven by the ability to lower medical costs through claims savings for our customers. The volume of medical charges associated with those claims is a primary driver of our ability to generate claim savings. 
 Effective with this report, we have modified the methodology for capturing and reporting medical charges processed and potential medical cost savings from previously reported submissions. We believe this new methodology provides additional insight into our business, increases alignment with our revenue reporting, and will provide a more accurate portrayal of our portfolio of services as we grow our business through the addition of new claims flows and new service offerings. 
 The change in methodology groups our claims charges into two categories that correspond to differing characteristics of identified savings performance: 
 Commercial Health Plans . This category primarily represents our Network-Based Services and Analytics-Based Services claims. These claims are pre-payment in nature, generate savings through repricing, and are characterized by a higher percentage of potential medical cost savings as a percentage of medical charges processed. For the year ended December 31, 2022, this category represented approximately 92 of our revenues. Services included in this category are as follows: 
 Network-Based Services 
 Commercial health primary networks 
 Commercial health complementary networks 
 Analytics-Based Services (All Analytics-Based Services are included in this category) 
 Reference-Based Pricing 
 Value-Driven Health Plan Services 
 Financial Negotiation 
 Surprise Billing Services 
 Payment and Revenue Integrity Services 
 Clinical Negotiations 
 Payment Revenue Integrity Services, Property Casualty, and Other . This category includes claims that typically generate savings at a lower percentage of charge volumes or that are processed on a per-claim or flat fee basis (rather than a percentage of savings basis), as well as other network services. These claims are both pre-payment and post-payment in nature. For the year ended December 31, 2022, this category represented approximately 8 of our revenues. Services included in this category are as follows: 
 Payment and Revenue Integrity Services 
 Pre-Payment Clinical Reviews 
 Coordination of Benefits and Subrogation Services 
 Data Mining 
 Revenue Integrity Services 
 Network-Based Services 
 Property Casualty Network Services (pre-payment) 
 Other network services 
 Additional changes to the reporting are as follows: 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 DHP claims that were previously excluded from our reporting of medical charges processed and potential medical cost savings are included in the data presented below since the date of acquisition of February 26, 2021. 
 Medical charges processed and potential medical cost savings are reported based on closed claims date, such that the reported claims are claims that have closed during the period presented, which more closely aligns with our receipt of revenue during that period. Previous reporting included claims based on receipt date so that at the conclusion of any time period there were medical charges processed that would not include the ultimate potential medical cost savings achieved for that claim. 
 Future development of previously reported medical charges processed and potential medical cost savings due to customer claim resubmissions or cancellation of claims will be included in the future reporting period in which that future development occurs. Examples include, but are not limited to, adjudication changes, billing changes, and elimination of claims that were later determined to be invalid. 
 The following table presents the medical charges processed and the potential savings identified for the periods presented. We have restated prior periods to report previously reported medical charges processed and potential medical cost savings calculated under this new methodology. 
 Three Months Ended (in billions) December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 June 30, 2022 March 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 September 30, 2021 June 30, 2021 March 31, 2021 Commercial Health Plans Medical charges processed 18.1 17.9 18.6 19.5 20.0 19.2 19.0 18.5 Potential medical cost savings 5.1 5.1 5.4 5.5 5.6 5.3 5.2 5.0 Potential savings as of charges 28.3 28.6 29.0 28.3 27.9 27.7 27.5 27.3 Payment Revenue Integrity, Property Casualty, and Other Medical charges processed 20.9 20.8 20.8 18.6 18.3 18.3 17.0 13.9 Potential medical cost savings 0.3 0.3 0.3 0.2 0.3 0.3 0.3 0.2 Potential savings as of charges 1.4 1.3 1.3 1.3 1.4 1.4 1.6 1.7 Total Medical charges processed 39.0 38.7 39.4 38.1 38.3 37.5 36.1 32.4 Potential medical cost savings 5.4 5.4 5.7 5.8 5.8 5.6 5.5 5.3 Potential savings as of charges 13.9 14.0 14.4 15.2 15.2 14.8 15.2 16.3 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, (in billions) 2022 2021 Commercial Health Plans Medical charges processed 74.2 76.6 Potential medical cost savings 21.2 21.1 Potential savings as of charges 28.6 27.6 Payment Revenue Integrity, Property Casualty, and Other Medical charges processed 81.0 67.6 Potential medical cost savings 1.1 1.0 Potential savings as of charges 1.3 1.5 Total Medical charges processed 155.2 144.2 Potential medical cost savings 22.3 22.1 Potential savings as of charges 14.3 15.4 
 Medical charges processed represent the aggregate dollar amount of claims processed by our cost management and payment accuracy solutions in the period presented. The dollar amount of the claim for purposes of this calculation is the dollar amount of the claim prior to any reductions that may be made as a result of the claim being processed by our solutions. 
 Potential medical cost savings represent the aggregate amount of potential savings in dollars identified by our cost management and payment accuracy solutions in the period presented. Since certain of our fees are based on the amount of savings achieved by our customers, and our customers are the final adjudicator of the claims and may choose not to reduce claims or reduce claims by only a portion of the potential savings identified, potential medical cost savings may not directly correlate with the amount of fees earned in connection with the processing of such claims. 
 Business Model 
 Our business model avoids reimbursement, underwriting and malpractice risk and exposure. We do not provide or manage healthcare services or provide medical care. This reduces our exposure to state and federal regulations that are imposed on insurers and medical services providers. 
 Healthcare Industry Exposure 
 According to CMS, healthcare expenditures will grow from 4.5 trillion, or 18.2 of U.S. GDP in 2022, to represent 19.6 of GDP by 2030, representing a compound annual growth rate of 5.2 . There are a multitude of factors driving this expected growth, including recent regulations and ongoing secular trends, such as the aging population and other demographic factors, which are driving expanded healthcare coverage and increased utilization in the long-term. Additional growth in healthcare costs are driven by availability of new medical technologies, therapies, and modalities. As expenditures continue to rise, stakeholders and especially Payors, are becoming increasingly focused on solutions that reduce medical costs and improve payment accuracy. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenues 
 We generate revenues from several sources including: (i) Network-Based Services that process claims at a discount compared to billed fee-for-service rates and by using an extensive network, (ii) Analytics-Based Services that use our leading and proprietary information technology platform to offer customers solutions to reduce medical costs, and (iii) Payment and 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue Integrity Services that use data, technology, and clinical expertise to identify improper, unnecessary and excessive charges. Payors typically compensate us through either a PSAV achieved or a PEPM rate. Approximately 92 of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were based on a PSAV achieved rate. 
 Costs of Services (exclusive of depreciation and amortization of intangible assets) 
 Costs of services (exclusive of depreciation and amortization of intangible assets) consist of all costs specifically associated with claims processing activities for customers, sales and marketing, and the development and maintenance of our networks, analytics-based services, and payment and revenue integrity services. Two of the largest components in costs of services are personnel expenses and access and bill review fees. Access and bill review fees include fees for accessing non-owned third-party provider networks, expenses associated with vendor fees for database access and systems technology used to reprice claims, and outsourced services. Third-party network expenses are fees paid to non-owned provider networks used to supplement our owned network assets to provide more network claim savings to our customers. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses include corporate management and governance functions composed of general management, legal, treasury, tax, real estate, financial reporting, auditing, benefits and human resource administration, communications, public relations, billing and information management. In addition, general and administrative expenses include taxes, insurance, advertising, transaction costs, and other general expenses. 
 Depreciation Expense 
 Depreciation expense consists of depreciation and amortization of property and equipment related to our investments in leasehold improvements, furniture and equipment, computer hardware and software, and internally generated capitalized software development costs. We provide for depreciation and amortization on property and equipment using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of depreciable assets over their estimated useful lives. 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 Amortization of intangible assets includes amortization of the value of our customer relationships, provider network, technology, and trademarks which were identified in valuing the intangible assets in connection with the June 6, 2016 acquisition by H F and its affiliates, as well as recent acquisitions of HST and DHP by the Company. 
 Loss on Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 A loss on impairment is recorded in connection with the quantitative impairment testing of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles, and is performed annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, and their fair value is less than their carrying value. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists of accrued interest and related interest payments on our outstanding long-term debt and amortization of debt issuance costs and discounts. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income consists primarily of bank interest. 
 (Gain) Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 The Company recognizes a loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt for the difference between the net carrying amount of the extinguished debt immediately before the refinancing and the fair value of the new debt instruments, and fees associated with the issuance of the new debt under the refinancing. 
 (Gain) Loss on Investments 
 (Gain) loss on investments consists of the changes in the fair value of the Company's investments. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Gain on change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares 
 The Company re-measures, at each reporting period, the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares. The changes in fair value are primarily due to the change in the stock price of the Company's Class A common stock and the passage of time over that period. 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 Income tax expense (benefit) consists of federal, state, and local income taxes. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We use EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EPS to evaluate our financial performance. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS are financial measures that are not presented in accordance with GAAP. We believe the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures provides useful information to investors in assessing our financial condition and results of operations across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our financial operating results of our core business. 
 These measurements of financial performance have important limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Additionally, they may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. Some of these limitations are: 
 such measures do not reflect our cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
 such measures do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 such measures do not reflect the significant interest expense, or cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on our debt; 
 such measures do not reflect any cash requirements for any future replacement of depreciated assets; 
 such measures do not reflect the impact of stock-based compensation upon our results of operations; 
 such measures do not reflect our income tax (benefit) expense or the cash requirements to pay our income taxes; 
 such measures do not reflect the impact of certain cash charges resulting from matters we consider not to be indicative of our ongoing operations; and 
 other companies in our industry may calculate these measures differently from how we do, limiting their usefulness as a comparative measure. 
 In evaluating EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EPS, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses similar to those eliminated in the presentation. 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EPS are widely used measures of corporate profitability eliminating the effects of financing and capital expenditures from the operating results. We define EBITDA as net income adjusted for interest expense, interest income, income tax (benefit) expense, depreciation, amortization of intangible assets, and non-income taxes. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA further adjusted to eliminate the impact of certain items that we do not consider to be indicative of our core business, including other expenses, net, gain on change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares, transaction related expenses, (gain) loss on debt extinguishment, (gain) loss on investments, loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets and stock-based compensation. See our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for more information regarding these adjustments. Adjusted EBITDA is used in our agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness for debt covenant compliance purposes. Our Adjusted EBITDA calculation is consistent with the definition of Adjusted EBITDA used in our debt instruments. 
 Adjusted EPS is used in reporting to our Board and executive management and as a component of the measurement of our performance. We believe that this measure provides useful information to investors because it is the profitability measure we use to evaluate earnings performance on a comparable year-to-year basis. Adjusted EPS is defined as net (loss) income adjusted for amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation, transaction related expenses, (gain) loss on debt extinguishment, (gain) loss on investments, other expense, gain on change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Unvested Founder Shares, loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets and tax effect of adjustments to arrive at Adjusted net income divided by our basic weighted average number of shares outstanding. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net (loss) income to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net (loss) income (572,912) 102,080 (520,564) Adjustments: Interest expense 303,401 267,475 335,638 Interest income (3,500) (30) (288) Income tax provision (benefit) 12,169 33,373 (26,343) Depreciation 68,756 64,885 60,577 Amortization of intangible assets 340,536 340,210 334,697 Non-income taxes 1,653 1,698 3,221 EBITDA 150,103 809,691 186,938 Adjustments: Other expenses, net (1) 
 4,477 8,295 1,095 Integration expenses 4,055 9,460 801 Change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares (67,050) (32,596) (35,422) Transaction-related expenses 34,693 9,647 31,689 (Gain) loss on investments (289) (25) 12,165 (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt (34,551) 15,843 102,993 Loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets 662,221 Stock-based compensation 15,083 18,010 406,054 Adjusted EBITDA 768,742 838,325 706,313 
 (1) "Other expenses, net" represents miscellaneous non-recurring income, miscellaneous non-recurring expenses, gain or loss on disposal of assets, impairment of other assets, gain or loss on disposal of leases, tax penalties, and non-integration related severance costs. 
 ____________________ 
 Material differences between MultiPlan Corporation and MPH for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 include differences in interest expense, change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares, stock-based compensation, and net insurance premiums associated with our captive insurance company, which are eliminated in the consolidated financial reporting of MultiPlan Corporation. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 interest expense for MultiPlan Corporation was 81.9 million, 82.1 million, and 107.2 million higher than interest expense, respectively, for MPH due to interest expense incurred by MultiPlan Corporation on the Senior Convertible Notes (issued on October 8, 2020) and Senior PIK Notes (redeemed October 8, 2020) including amortization of discount on Senior PIK Notes, net of debt issue costs. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares, and stock-based compensation are recorded in the parent company MultiPlan Corporation and not in the MPH operating company and therefore represent differences between MultiPlan Corporation and MPH. In the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, MPH had higher EBITDA expenses than MultiPlan Corporation of 2.9 million and 0.4 million, respectively due to insurance premiums paid to our captive insurance company, net of related captive insurance company costs which are eliminated in the consolidated financial reporting of MultiPlan Corporation. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of net (loss) income to Adjusted EPS for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended December 31, in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Net (loss) income (572,912) 102,080 (520,564) Adjustments: Amortization of intangible assets 340,536 340,210 334,697 Other expenses, net (1) 
 4,477 8,295 1,095 Integration expenses 4,055 9,460 801 Change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares (67,050) (32,596) (35,422) Transaction-related expenses 34,693 9,647 31,689 (Gain) loss on investments (289) (25) 12,165 (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt (34,551) 15,843 102,993 Loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets 662,221 Stock-based compensation 15,083 18,010 406,054 Estimated tax effect of adjustments (91,295) (98,671) (106,989) Adjusted net income 294,968 372,253 226,519 Weighted average shares outstanding Basic 638,925,689 651,006,567 470,785,192 Net (loss) income per share basic (0.90) 0.16 (1.11) Adjusted earnings per share 0.46 0.57 0.48 
 (1) "Other expenses, net" represents miscellaneous non-recurring income, miscellaneous non-recurring expenses, gain or loss on disposal of assets, impairment of other assets, gain or loss on disposal of leases, tax penalties, and non-integration related severance costs. 
 
 Factors Affecting the Comparability of our Results of Operations 
 As a result of a number of factors, our historical results of operations may not be comparable to our results of operations in future periods and may not be directly comparable from period to period. Set forth below is a brief discussion of the key factors impacting the comparability of our results of operations. 
 The Transactions 
 On July 12, 2020, Churchill entered into the Merger Agreement by and among First Merger Sub, Second Merger Sub, Holdings, and Polaris. On October 8, 2020, the Merger Agreement was consummated and the Transactions were completed. 
 HST Acquisition 
 On November 9, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of HST, a healthcare technology company that enables value-driven health benefit plan designs featuring reference-based pricing and tools to engage health plan members and providers in making the best use of available benefits both before and after care delivery. 
 The results of operations and financial condition of HST have been included in the Company's consolidated results from the date of acquisition. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 DHP Acquisition 
 On February 26, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of DHP, an analytics and technology company offering healthcare payment and revenue integrity services. The Company acquired 100 percent of the voting equity interest of DHP. The acquisition strengthens MultiPlan's service offering in the payment integrity market with new and complementary services to help its Payor customers manage the overall cost of care and improve their competitiveness. It also adds revenue integrity services for plans that receive premiums from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. 
 The results of operations and financial condition of DHP have been included in the Company's consolidated results from the date of acquisition. In connection with the DHP acquisition, the Company incurred transaction-related expenses of 0.1 million, 4.9 million and 0.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The transaction-related expenses have been expensed as incurred and are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 Debt Refinancings, Repayments and Repricing 
 On August 24, 2021, MPH issued new senior secured credit facilities composed of 1,325.0 million of Term Loan B and 450.0 million of a Revolver B, and 1,050.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.50 Senior Secured Notes. MPH used the net proceeds from Term Loan B, issued with a discount of 1.00 , and the 5.50 Senior Secured Notes to repay all of the outstanding balance of its Term Loan G for a total redemption price of 2,341.0 million, and pay fees and expenses in connection therewith. As a result, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of 15.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Interest on Term Loan B and Revolver B is calculated, at MPH's option, as (a) LIBOR (or, with respect to the term loan facility only, 0.50 , if higher), plus the applicable margin, or (b) the highest rate of (1) the prime rate, (2) the federal funds effective rate, plus 0.50 , (3) the LIBOR for an interest period of one month, plus 1.00 and (4) 0.50 for Term Loan B and 1.00 for Revolver B, in each case, plus an applicable margin of 4.25 for Term Loan B and between 3.50 and 4.00 for Revolver B, depending on MPH's first lien debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio. The interest rate in effect for Term Loan B was 8.98 and 4.75 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 During November and December of 2022, the Company repurchased and cancelled 136.2 million of the 5.750 Notes, resulting in the recognition of a gain on debt extinguishment of 34.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The Company is obligated to pay a commitment fee on the average daily unused amount of Revolver B. The annual commitment fee can range from an annual rate of 0.25 to 0.50 based on the Company's first lien debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio, as defined in the agreement. 
 The interest rate on the 5.50 Senior Secured Notes is fixed at 5.50 , and is payable semi-annually on March 1 and September 1 of each year. 
 For all our debt agreements with an interest rate dependent on LIBOR, we are currently assessing and monitoring how transitioning from LIBOR to an alternative reference rate may affect us past 2023. 
 In connection with the issuance of our debt instruments, the Company incurred specific expenses, including commissions, fees and expenses of investment bankers and underwriters, registration and listing fees, accounting and legal fees pertaining to the financing and other external, and incremental expenses paid to advisors that were directly attributable to realizing the proceeds of the debt issues. These costs were capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the related debt using the effective interest method. The amortization of the debt issuance costs and discounts are included in interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 Since the consummation of the Transactions, the Company has operated under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan effective October 8, 2020. To date, awards granted under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan have been in the form of Employee RS, Employee RSUs, Fixed Value RSUs, Employee NQSOs and Director RSUs. Stock-based compensation is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has granted 7.3 million Employee NQSOs, 4.0 million Employee RSUs, and 0.2 million Director RSUs under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan of 15.1 million and 18.0 million, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table provides the results of operations for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, Change in thousands) 2022 2021 Revenues Network-Based Services 245,280 278,457 (33,177) (11.9) Analytics-Based Services 713,715 709,272 4,443 0.6 Payment and Revenue Integrity Services 120,721 129,873 (9,152) (7.0) Total Revenues 1,079,716 1,117,602 (37,886) (3.4) Costs of services (exclusive of depreciation and amortization of intangible assets shown below) 204,098 175,292 28,806 16.4 General and administrative expenses 166,837 151,095 15,742 10.4 Depreciation expense 68,756 64,885 3,871 6.0 Amortization of intangible assets 340,536 340,210 326 0.1 Loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets 662,221 662,221 NM Operating (loss) income (362,732) 386,120 (748,852) (193.9) Interest expense 303,401 267,475 35,926 13.4 Interest income (3,500) (30) (3,470) NM (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt (34,551) 15,843 (50,394) (318.1) Gain on investments (289) (25) (264) NM Gain on change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares (67,050) (32,596) (34,454) 105.7 Net (loss) income before taxes (560,743) 135,453 (696,196) (514.0) Provision for income taxes 12,169 33,373 (21,204) (63.5) Net (loss) income (572,912) 102,080 (674,992) NM 
 
 NM = Not meaningful 
 Revenues 
 Revenues decreased 37.9 million, or 3.4 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease in revenues was due to decreases in Network-Based Service revenues of 33.2 million, and Payment and Revenue Integrity Services of 9.2 million, partially offset by a 4.4 million increase in Analytics-Based Services revenues. 
 Network-Based Services revenues decreased 33.2 million, or 11.9 , in the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Of this decrease, 31.7 million was primarily related to lower identified potential medical cost savings on Network-Based Services claims received from customers, partially due to reduced health system utilization as evidenced by lower claims volume, lower COVID-19-related claims volumes, the shift of certain claims volumes that previously would have been processed against our network to Analytics-Based Services claims volumes, customer contract adjustments, and some customer attrition. The remaining 1.5 million decrease was related to decreases in PEPM and other network revenues. 
 Analytics-Based Services revenues increased 4.4 million, or 0.6 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Of this increase, 5.8 million was due to increases in PEPM Analytic-Based Services revenues primarily due to organic growth in our value-driven health plan service line of business, partially offset by a 1.4 million decrease in PSAV Analytics-Based Services revenues primarily due to customer contract adjustments. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Payment and Revenue Integrity Services revenues decreased 9.2 million, or 7.0 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Of this decrease, 22.0 million was primarily related to lower savings on medical charges processed on claims received from customers in our pre-payment integrity line of business and customer contract adjustments, offset by increases of 12.8 million in our post-payment integrity line of business, due to 5.7 million of acquired revenues from DHP and 7.1 million of organic growth in this service line. 
 Costs of Services (exclusive of depreciation and amortization of intangible assets) 
 Year Ended December 31, Change in thousands) 2022 2021 Personnel expenses excluding stock-based compensation 169,703 147,342 22,361 15.2 Stock-based compensation 3,351 2,618 733 28.0 Personnel expenses including stock-based compensation 173,054 149,960 23,094 15.4 Access and bill review fees 16,580 13,526 3,054 22.6 Other cost of services expenses 14,464 11,806 2,658 22.5 Total costs of services 204,098 175,292 28,806 16.4 
 The increase in costs of services of 28.8 million, or 16.4 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to increases in personnel expenses of 23.1 million, access and bill review fees of 3.1 million, and other costs of services expenses of 2.7 million. 
 The increase in personnel expenses, including contract labor, of 23.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to increases in stock-based compensation of 0.7 million and non-stock-based compensation-related personnel expenses of 22.4 million, primarily due to increases in employee headcount, year-over-year compensation increases, and a 3.9 million increase in compensation related expenses from the acquisition of DHP, which was acquired on February 26, 2021. 
 The increase in access and bill review fees of 3.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to an increase in claims processing fees of 3.1 million and bill review fees of 0.3 million, partially offset by a decrease in network access fees of 0.4 million. The increases in other costs of services expenses of 2.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily related to a decrease in the integration expense offset of 2.6 million, an increase in travel and meeting expenses of 1.2 million, partially offset by decreases in professional fees of 0.6 million and decreases in other net costs of services expenses of 0.5 million. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 Year Ended December 31, Change in thousands) 2022 2021 General and administrative expenses excluding stock-based compensation and transaction-related expenses 120,412 126,056 (5,644) (4.5) Stock-based compensation 11,732 15,392 (3,660) (23.8) Transaction-related expenses 34,693 9,647 25,046 259.6 General and administrative expenses 166,837 151,095 15,742 10.4 
 The increase in general and administrative expenses of 15.7 million, or 10.4 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to increases in transaction-related expenses of 25.0 million, non-stock-based compensation expenses of 2.6 million, insurance of 1.1 million primarily related to higher insurance costs, equipment lease and maintenance of 1.4 million, and telecommunication expenses of 0.9 million, and net increase in other expenses of 2.0 million, partially offset by decreases in stock-based compensation of 3.7 million, integration expenses of 5.4 million primarily related to the acquisitions of HST and DHP, professional fees of 1.1 million, loss on disposal of equipment of 1.8 million, and an increase in the capitalized software development offset of 5.3 million. The increase in non-stock-based compensation of 2.6 million was primarily due to an increase in contract labor of 6.6 million, offset by a net decrease in employee-related compensation expenses of 4.0 million. The increase in Transaction-related expenses of 25.0 million is 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 primarily related to the Delaware Stockholder Litigation settlement and related legal fees which is further described in Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies. 
 Depreciation Expense 
 The increase in depreciation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was due to purchases of property and equipment, including internally generated capitalized software in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, partially offset by assets that were written-off or became fully depreciated in the period. 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 The increase in the amortization of intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to the acquisitions of HST and DHP. This expense represents the amortization of intangible assets, as explained above and in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Loss on Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, in connection with quantitative impairment testing performed on our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles, we recorded a 662.2 million expense for losses on impairment of intangible assets. This amount includes 657.9 million for the loss on impairment of goodwill, and 4.3 million for the loss on impairment of trade names. 
 Interest Expense and Interest Income 
 The increase in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 of 35.9 million, or 13.4 , was due to the increase in LIBOR and increase in interest rates due to the effect of the refinancing on August 24, 2021 when MPH issued new senior secured credit facilities composed of Term Loan B and Revolver B, and issued the 5.50 Senior Secured Notes, using the net proceeds to repay all of the outstanding balance of Term Loan G. Our annualized weighted average cash interest rate increased by 2.03 across our total debt in the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our long-term debt was 4,741.9 million and included (i) 1,295.2 million Term Loan B, excluding the current portion of Term Loan B of 13.3 million , discount on Term Loan B of 11.1 million , (ii) 1,050.0 million of 5.50 Senior Secured Notes, (iii) 1,163.8 million of 5.750 Notes, (iv) 1,300.0 million of Senior Convertible PIK Notes, discount on Senior Convertible PIK Notes of 23.6 million, and (v) 0.1 million of long-term finance lease obligations, net of (vi) debt issue costs of 32.4 million. As of December 31, 2022 , our total debt had an annualized weighted average cash interest rate of 6.67 . . 
 As of December 31, 2021, our long-term debt was 4,879.1 million and included (i) 1,308.4 million Term Loan B, excluding the current portion of Term Loan B of 13.3 million, discount on Term Loan B of 12.9 million, (ii) 1,050.0 million of 5.50 Senior Secured Notes, (iii) 1,300.0 million of 5.750 Notes, (iv) 1,300.0 million of Senior Convertible PIK Notes, discount on Senior Convertible PIK Notes of 27.7 million, and (v) 0.1 million of long-term finance lease obligations, net of (vi) debt issue costs of 38.8 million. As of December 31, 2021, our total debt had a weighted average cash interest rate of 4.64 . 
 Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased in the open market and cancelled 136.2 million of the 5.750 Notes, resulting in the recognition of a gain on extinguishment of debt of 34.6 million, representing the difference between the purchase price including associated fees and the net carrying value. 
 As a result of the refinancing transactions of August 24, 2021, the Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of 15.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing the difference between Term Loan G's net carrying amount immediately before the refinancing and the fair value of the new debt instruments, and fees associated with the issuance of the new debt under the refinancing. 
 Change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares 
 The Company measures at each reporting period the fair values of the Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the fair values of the Private Placement Warrants and the Unvested Founder Shares decreased by 67.1 million and 32.6 million, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to the variations in the stock price of the Company's Class A common stock over that period. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes 
 Net loss before income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 560.7 million generated a provision for income taxes of 12.2 million with an effective tax rate of (2.2) . Net income before income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 135.5 million generated a provision for income taxes of 33.4 million with an effective tax rate of 24.6 . Our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 differed from the statutory rate primarily due to non-deductible stock-based compensation expense, non-deductible mark-to-market liability, non-deductible intangible asset impairment charge, limitations on executive compensation, changes in the Company s deferred state tax rate due to previous acquisitions, tax credits, operations and state tax expense. 
 Our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 differed from the statutory rate primarily due to non-deductible stock-based compensation expense, non-deductible mark-to-market liability, limitations on executive compensation, changes in the Company's deferred state tax rate due to operations, and state tax expense. 
 
 Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
 For a discussion comparing our consolidated operating results from the year ended December 31, 2021 with the year ended December 31, 2020, refer to Part II, Item 7. "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the Commission on February 25, 2022. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 340.6 million, which includes restricted cash of 6.5 million, and 448.2 million of loan availability under the revolving credit facility. On August 24, 2021, the maturity of the revolving credit facility was extended from June 7, 2023 to August 24, 2026. As of December 31, 2022, we have three letters of credit totaling 1.8 million of utilization against the revolving credit facility. The three letters of credit are used to satisfy real estate lease agreements for three of our offices in lieu of security deposits. 
 On August 27, 2021, the Company's Board approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to 250.0 million of its Class A common stock from time to time in open market transactions. The repurchase program was effective immediately and expired on December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has repurchased approximately 100.0 million of its Class A common stock as part of this program using cash on hand. 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are internally generated funds combined with our borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility. We believe these sources will provide sufficient liquidity for us to meet our working capital and, capital expenditure and other cash requirements for the next twelve months and for the long term. We may from time to time at our sole discretion, purchase, redeem or retire our long-term debt, through tender offers, in privately negotiated or open market transactions or otherwise. We plan to finance our capital expenditures with cash from operations. Furthermore, our future liquidity and future ability to fund capital expenditures, working capital, and debt requirements are also dependent upon our future financial performance, which is subject to many economic, commercial, financial and other factors that are beyond our control, including the ability of financial institutions to meet their lending obligations to us. If those factors significantly change, our business may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or future borrowings may not be available to meet our liquidity needs. We anticipate that to the extent we require additional liquidity as a result of these factors or in order to execute our strategy, it would be financed either by borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities, by other indebtedness, additional equity financings, or a combination of the foregoing. We may be unable to obtain any such additional financing on reasonable terms or at all. 
 
 Cash Flow Summary 
 The following table is derived from our consolidated statements of cash flows: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Net cash flows provided by (used in): Operating activities 372,364 404,687 Investing activities (104,446) (228,379) Financing activities (115,738) (114,684) 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 For the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Cash flows from operating activities provided 372.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 404.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This 32.3 million, or 8.0 , decrease in cash flows from operating activities was primarily the result of decrease in net income of 675.0 million, after adjusting for non-cash items of 543.3 million, offset by changes in net working capital of 99.4 million. 
 The 543.3 million increase in non-cash items was primarily due to the change in the loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets of 662.2 million, change in the (gain) loss on extinguishment of debt of 50.4 million, change in the deferred tax benefit of 32.4 million, and the change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares of 34.5 million. 
 The decrease in net income of 675.0 million was primarily the result of the loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets of 662.2 million, as explained above. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, 55.3 million was provided by changes in working capital including decreases in net accounts receivable of 21.0 million primarily due to decreases in year-over-year revenues and timing of collections, decreases in prepaid expenses and other assets of 2.8 million, decreases in prepaid taxes of 3.7 million, and increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 34.3 million, offset by decreases in operating lease obligations of 6.5 million. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, 44.0 million was used by changes in working capital including increases in net accounts receivable of 33.8 million primarily due to increases in year-over-year revenues and timing of collections, increases in prepaid expenses and other assets of 7.0 million, increases in prepaid taxes of 5.1 million and decreases in operating lease obligations of 5.9 million, offset by increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 7.7 million. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash of 104.4 million was used in investing activities including 89.7 million for purchases of property and equipment and capitalization of software development and 15.0 million for purchase of equity investments, offset by proceeds from the sale of investment of 0.3 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash of 228.4 million was used in investing activities including 149.7 million for the acquisition of DHP and 84.6 million for purchases of property and equipment and capitalization of software development, offset by proceeds from the sale of an investment of 5.6 million. This increase in purchases of property and equipment and capitalization of software development of 5.1 million was primarily due to increased capitalization of software development on capital projects primarily to enhance our information technology infrastructure and platforms to increase efficiencies, data security, and service line capabilities. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Cash flows used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 115.7 million primarily consisting of the repurchase of 5.750 Notes for 100.0 million , repayments of Term Loan B of 13.3 million , and 2.5 million of taxes paid on net settlement of vested share awards. 
 Cash flows used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 114.7 million primarily consisting of repayments of Term Loan G of 2,341.0 million, 100.0 million of purchases of treasury stock, and 3.8 million of taxes paid on net settlement of vested share awards and repayments of Term Loan B of 3.3 million, offset by the issuance of Term Loan B of 1,298.9 million and the issuance of 1,034.5 million of the 5.50 Senior Secured Notes. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 
 For a discussion comparing our cash flows from operating activities, investing activities, and financing activities from the year ended December 31, 2021 with the year ended December 31, 2020, refer to Part II, Item 7. "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Cash Flow Summary For the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the Commission on February 25, 2022. 
 
 Term Loans and Revolvers 
 On August 24, 2021, MPH issued new senior secured credit facilities composed of 1,325.0 million of Term Loan B and 450.0 million of Revolver B, and 1,050.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.50 Senior Secured Notes. MPH used 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 the net proceeds from Term Loan B, issued with a discount of 1.00 , and the 5.50 Senior Secured Notes to repay all of the outstanding balance of its Term Loan G of 2,341.0 million, and pay fees and expenses in connection therewith. 
 Interest on the senior secured credit facilities is calculated, at MPH's option, as (a) LIBOR (or, with respect to the term loan facility only, 0.50 , whichever is higher), plus the applicable margin, or (b) the highest rate of (1) prime rate, (2) the federal funds effective rate, plus 0.50 , (3) the LIBOR for an interest period of one month, plus 1.00 and (4) 0.50 for Term Loan B and 1.00 for Revolver B, in each case, plus an applicable margin of 4.25 for Term Loan B and between 3.50 and 4.00 for Revolver B, depending on MPH's first lien debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio. The interest rate in effect for Term Loan B was 8.98 as of December 31, 2022. 
 Term Loan B matures on September 1, 2028 and Revolver B matures on August 24, 2026. 
 For all our debt agreements with an interest rate dependent on LIBOR, we are currently assessing and monitoring how transitioning from LIBOR to an alternative reference rate may affect us past 2023. 
 We are obligated to pay a commitment fee on the average daily unused amount of our revolving credit facility. The annual commitment fee rate was 0.50 at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The fee can range from an annual rate of 0.25 to 0.50 based on our consolidated first lien debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio, as defined in the agreement. 
 
 Senior Notes 
 On October 8, 2020, the Company issued 1,300.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Convertible PIK Notes. The Senior Convertible PIK Notes were issued with a 2.5 discount with a maturity date of October 15, 2027. 
 The Senior Convertible PIK Notes are convertible into shares of Class A common stock based on a 13.0 conversion price, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. The interest rate on the Senior Convertible PIK Notes is fixed at 6 in cash and 7 in kind, and is payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year. 
 On October 29, 2020, the Company issued 1,300.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 5.750 Notes. The 5.750 Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis jointly and severally by the Company and its subsidiaries and have a maturation date of November 1, 2028. The 5.750 Notes were issued at par. The interest rate on the 5.750 Notes is fixed at 5.750 , and is payable semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year. 
 On August 24, 2021 MPH issued 1,050.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.50 Senior Secured Notes with a maturation date of September 1, 2028. The interest rate on the 5.50 Senior Secured Notes is fixed at 5.50 , and is payable semi-annually on March 1 and September 1 of each year. The 5.50 Senior Secured Notes are guaranteed and secured as described below under " Guarantees and Security." 
 During November and December of 2022, the Company repurchased and cancelled 136.2 million of the 5.750 Notes, resulting in the recognition of a gain on debt extinguishment of 34.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Debt Covenants and Events of Default 
 We are subject to certain affirmative and negative debt covenants under the debt agreements governing our indebtedness that limit our and/or certain of our subsidiaries' ability to engage in specific types of transactions. These covenants limit our and/or certain of our subsidiaries' ability to, among other things: 
 incur additional indebtedness or issue disqualified or preferred stock; 
 pay certain dividends or make certain distributions on capital stock or repurchase or redeem capital stock; 
 make certain loans, investments or other restricted payments; 
 transfer or sell certain assets; 
 incur certain liens; 
 place restrictions on the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments to us; 
 guarantee indebtedness or incur other contingent obligations; 
 prepay junior debt and make certain investments; 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 consummate any merger, consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), or dispose of all or substantially all of its business units, assets or other properties; and 
 engage in transactions with our affiliates. 
 Certain covenants related to the 5.50 Senior Secured Notes will cease to apply to the 5.50 Senior Secured Notes for so long as such notes have investment grade ratings from both Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and S P Global Ratings. 
 The Revolver Ratio is such that, if, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of MPH, the aggregate amount of loans under the revolving credit facility, letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility (to the extent not cash collateralized or backstopped or, in the aggregate, in excess of 10.0 million) and swingline loans are outstanding and/or issued in an aggregate amount greater than 35 of the total commitments in respect of the revolving credit facility at such time, the revolving credit facility will require MPH to maintain a maximum first lien secured leverage ratio of 6.75 to 1.00. Our consolidated first lien debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio was 2.64 times and 2.61 times as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 we were in compliance with all of the debt covenants. 
 The debt agreements governing the senior secured credit facilities, the 5.750 Notes and the 5.50 Senior Secured Notes contain customary events of default, subject to grace periods and exceptions, which include, among others, payment defaults, cross-defaults to certain material indebtedness, certain events of bankruptcy, material judgments, in the case of the debt agreements governing the senior secured credit facilities and the 5.50 Senior Secured Notes, failure of a guarantee on the liens on material collateral to remain in effect, in the case of the debt agreements governing the senior secured credit facilities, any change of control. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under such debt agreements, the lenders and holders of such debt will be permitted to accelerate the loans and terminate the commitments, as applicable, thereunder and exercise other specified remedies available to the lenders and holders thereunder. 
 See the footnotes to the EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation table provided above under " Non-GAAP Financial Measures " for material differences between the financial information of MultiPlan and MPH. 
 Guarantees and Security 
 All obligations under the debt agreements governing the senior secured credit facilities and the 5.50 Senior Secured Notes are unconditionally guaranteed by MPH Acquisition Corp. 1, the direct holding company parent of MPH, and each existing and subsequently acquired or organized direct or indirect wholly owned U.S. organized restricted subsidiary of MPH (subject to certain exceptions). All such obligations, and the guarantees of such obligations, are secured, subject to permitted liens and other exceptions, by a first priority lien shared between the senior secured credit facilities and the 5.50 Senior Secured Notes on substantially all of MPH s and the subsidiary guarantors tangible and intangible property, and a pledge of all of the capital stock of each of their respective subsidiaries. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 A critical accounting policy is one that is both important to the portrayal of a company's financial condition and results and requires management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Our financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with GAAP. Preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. We base these determinations upon the best information available to us during the period in which we account for our financial condition and results. Our estimates and assumptions could change materially as conditions within and beyond our control change or as further information becomes available. We record changes in our estimates in the period the change occurs. 
 The following is a discussion of our critical accounting policies and the related management estimates and assumptions necessary in determining the value of related assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We derive revenues from contracts with customers by selling various cost management services and solutions. Variable consideration is estimated using the expected value method based on our historical experience and best judgment at the time. Due to the nature of our arrangements, certain estimates may be constrained if it is probable that a significant reversal of revenues will occur when the uncertainty is resolved. For our PSAV contracts, portions of revenues that are recognized and collected in a reporting period may be returned or credited in subsequent periods. These credits are the result of Payors not 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 utilizing the discounts that were initially calculated, or differences between our estimates of savings achieved for a customer and the amounts self-reported in the following month by that same customer. Significant judgment is used in constraining estimates of variable consideration, and these estimates are based upon both customer-specific and aggregated factors that include historical billing and adjustment data, customer contractual terms, and performance guarantees. We update our estimates at the end of each reporting period as additional information becomes available. 
 See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the purchase price in an acquisition over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired. The goodwill arose from the acquisition of the Company in 2016 by Holdings, the HST acquisition in 2020 and the DHP acquisition in 2021. The carrying value of goodwill was 3,705.2 million and 4,363.1 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Acquired intangible assets are separately recognized if the benefit of the intangible asset is obtained through contractual or other legal rights, or if the intangible asset can be sold, transferred, licensed, rented, or exchanged, regardless of the Company's intent to do so. 
 The Company tests goodwill for impairment at least annually as of November 1, or more frequently if there are events or circumstances indicating the carrying value of our reporting unit may exceed its fair value on a more likely than not basis. The impairment assessment compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value. Impairment is measured as the amount by which the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value. 
 We perform our annual impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets as of November, however, based on significant declines in our market capitalization during the second half of the fourth quarter of 2022, we performed a quantitative impairment test as of December 31, 2022. 
 In the quantitative impairment test of our indefinite-lived intangibles, which consist of trademarks, we calculate the estimated fair value using the relief from royalty method. Under this method a royalty rate based on observed market royalties is applied to projected revenue supporting the trademarks and discounted to present value. 
 The estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangibles was less than their carrying value and as a result a loss on impairment 4.3 million was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 In the quantitative impairment test of goodwill, we calculate the estimated enterprise fair value of the reporting unit using a (i) discounted cash flow analysis, (ii) forecasted EBITDA trading multiples for comparable publicly traded companies and (iii) historical EBITDA multiples for comparable acquisitions, giving equal weight to the three approaches. Assumptions used in the discounted cash flow analysis include forecasted revenues, terminal growth rate, forecasted expenses and the discount rate. The fair value measurements are based on significant unobservable inputs, and thus represent Level 3 inputs. This estimated enterprise fair value is then reconciled to our market enterprise value based on our market capitalization at year end with an appropriate implied market participant acquisition premium. 
 Qualitative impairment assessments were performed for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 The quantitative assessment of our goodwill as of December 31, 2022 indicated that the estimated fair value of the reporting unit of approximately 6.3 billion was less than its carrying value of approximately 6.9 billion. As a result, a loss on impairment of 657.9 million was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets was primarily due to the impacts of macroeconomic factors. Our discounted cash flow analysis and the relief from royalty analysis utilized a higher discount rate for the 2022 impairment test, primarily due to central banks raising interest rates in 2022. 
 Fair value measurements require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions. As a result, there can be no assurance that estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the impairment assessment will prove to be an accurate prediction of the future. Potential circumstances that could have a negative effect on the fair value of our reporting unit include, but are not limited to, lower than forecasted growth rates or profit margins and changes in the weighted average cost of capital. A reduction in the estimated fair value of the reporting unit could trigger an impairment in the future. The Company cannot predict the occurrence of certain events or changes in circumstances that might adversely affect the carrying value of goodwill. If the future financial performance falls below our expectations or there are unfavorable revisions to 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 significant assumptions, or if our market capitalization significantly declines, we may need to record an additional non-cash loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets charge in a future period. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 Prior to the Transactions 
 Stock-based compensation expense includes costs associated with Units awarded to certain members of key management. Stock-based compensation is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the Unit and is recognized as compensation expense, net of forfeitures, over the applicable requisite service period of the Unit. The fair value of the Units is re-measured at each reporting period. Based on the put right available to the employee participants, stock-based compensation Units have been accounted for as a liability classified within Holdings' consolidated financial statements and we recorded these Units within shareholders' equity as an equity contribution from Holdings based on the fair value of the outstanding Units at each reporting period. 
 Each individual award was composed of time vesting units and performance vesting units. Time vesting units and performance vesting units vest based on the vesting dates and the achievement of certain performance measures as defined in each award agreement. We amortize the time vesting units on a straight line basis, and the performance vesting units on a graded vesting basis. 
 We determined the fair value of our awards based on (i) the customized payout structure of the subject Units, (ii) liquidity timing, and (iii) vesting hurdles, as applicable, based on the output of Monte Carlo simulations. The simulation was based on a risk neutral framework which is a common technique for valuing financial derivatives that possess optionality. 
 Changes in the assumptions made on (i) liquidity dates, (ii) volatility, (iii) discount rates and (iv) the risk-free rate can materially affect the estimate of fair value and ultimately how much stock-based compensation expense is recognized. The Company has historically been a private company and lacked company-specific historical and implied volatility information. Therefore, it estimated its expected stock volatility based on the historical volatility of a publicly traded set of peer companies. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury constant maturity yields commensurate with the remaining term for each liquidity date assumption. These inputs are subjective and generally require significant analysis and judgment to develop. 
 The consummation of the Transactions constituted a definitive Liquidity Event under the agreements governing the Unit awards and as a result the valuation as of October 7, 2020 used the cumulative exit value of the Company, corresponding to the transaction value and prior distributions, and removed the discount for lack of marketability. 
 After the consummation of the Transactions 
 The fair value of the awards under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan is measured on the grant date. We determine the fair value of the Employee RS, Employee RSUs and Director RSUs with time based vesting using the value on our common stock on the date of the grant. We determine the fair value of Employee NQSOs with an exercise price equal to the price of the Company's Class A common stock on the grant date ("at-the-money") using a Black-Scholes option pricing model while taking into consideration the price of the Company's Class A common stock, vesting conditions, and the expected term obtained using the simplified method of averaging the vesting term and the original contractual term of the options. The fair value of Employee NQSOs with an exercise price higher than the Company's Class A common stock on the grant date is estimated on the date of grant using a binomial-lattice option pricing model while taking into consideration the price of the Company's Class A common stock, vesting conditions, and a sub optimal exercise factor calibrated to the valuation obtained from the Black-Scholes options model used for a hypothetical at-the-money option with the same vesting schedules. We determine the fair value of the Fixed Value RSUs using the fixed dollar amount of the award. The Fixed Value RSUs are classified as liabilities. 
 We amortize the value of these awards to expense over the vesting period on a straight line basis for employees, and in the same period(s) and in the same manner as if the Company had paid cash in exchange for the goods or services instead of a share-based award for non-employees. The Company recognizes forfeitures as they occur. 
 See Note 15 Stock-Based Compensation of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares 
 The Company classifies the Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares as a long-term liability on its consolidated balance sheets. Each Private Placement Warrant and Unvested Founder Share is initially recorded at fair value on the date of consummation of the Transactions using an option pricing model, and it is re-measured to fair value at each 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 subsequent reporting date. The Company will continue to adjust the liability for changes in fair value for the founder shares until the earlier of the re-vesting or forfeiture of these instruments. The Company will continue to adjust the liability for changes in fair value for the private placement warrants until the warrant is equity classified. 
 We determine the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares using an option pricing model while taking into consideration (i) the price of the Company's Class A common stock, (ii) transfer restrictions, and (iii) vesting hurdles, as applicable. The simulation was based on a risk neutral framework which is a common technique for valuing financial derivatives that possess optionality. 
 Certain assumptions used in the model are subjective and require significant management judgment, and include the (i) the risk-free rate, (ii) volatility, and (iii) the discount for lack of marketability. Changes in these assumptions can materially affect the estimate of the fair value of these instruments and ultimately change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares and expenses. The Company has historically been a private company and lacked sufficient company-specific historical and implied volatility information. Therefore, it estimated its expected stock volatility based on the implied volatility of our publicly traded financial instruments and the historical volatility of a publicly traded set of peer companies. The risk-free interest rate is based on the 5 year U.S. Treasury constant maturity yields. The discount for lack of marketability for privately held securities is based on the average rate protective put method that estimates the discount based on the average price over the restriction period rather than based on the final price. 
 The following table shows the significant assumptions in the development of the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants and the Unvested Founder Shares: 
 Year Ended December 31, Significant Unobservable Inputs 2022 2021 Stock price 1.15 4.43 Strike price 11.50 11.50 Remaining life (in years) 2.75 3.75 Volatility 72.7 79.0 Risk-free interest rate 4.3 1.1 Expected dividend yield 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Under the asset and liability method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred income tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences, net operating loss carryforwards, and tax credit carryforwards if it is more likely than not that the tax benefits will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred income tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. We evaluate a variety of factors on a regular basis to determine the amount of deferred income tax assets to recognize in our financial statements, including our recent earnings history, current and projected future taxable income, the number of years our net operating loss and tax credits can be carried forward, the existence of taxable temporary differences, any changes in current tax law, the TCJA and available tax planning strategies. 
 
 Customer Concentration 
 Three customers individually accounted for 32 , 20 and 10 of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 34 , 19 and 10 of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 35 , 20 and 9 of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2020. The loss of the business of one or more of our larger customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 3 New Accounting Pronouncements of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk below. 
 
 Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 See Item 9A. Controls and Procedures below. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 As a result of our financing activities, we are exposed to market risks that may affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position. These market risks include fluctuations in interest rates, which impact the amount of interest we must pay on our variable-rate debt. Other than the interest rate swaps described below, financial instruments that potentially subject us to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash investments and trade accounts receivable. 
 Trade accounts receivable include amounts billed and currently due from customers, amounts currently due but unbilled, certain estimated contract changes, claims in negotiation that are probable of recovery, and amounts retained by the customer pending contract completion. We continuously monitor collections and payments from customers. Based upon historical experience and any specific customer collection issues that have been identified, we record a provision for estimated credit losses, as deemed appropriate. 
 While such credit losses have historically been within our expectations, we cannot guarantee that we will continue to experience the same credit loss rates in the future. 
 Interest Rate Risks. We are exposed to changes in interest rates. Borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities are variable rate debt. Interest rate changes generally impact the amount of our interest payments and, therefore, our future earnings and cash flows, assuming other factors are held constant. A 100-basis point increase (decrease) in the variable interest rates under Term Loan B would result in a 13.1 million increase (decrease) in interest expense, per annum on our borrowings. 
 We may manage our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates with respect to our senior secured credit facilities by entering into interest rate swap or cap agreements. From time to time, we have entered into interest rate swap and cap agreements or other financial instruments in the normal course of business for purposes other than trading. These financial instruments were used to mitigate interest rate or other risks, although to some extent they exposed us to market risks and credit risks. We currently have no derivative instruments and had no derivatives in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 We controlled the credit risks associated with these instruments through the evaluation of the creditworthiness of the counterparties. In the event that the counterparty failed to meet the terms of a contract or agreement then our exposure would have been limited to the current value, at that time, of the interest rate differential, not the full notional or contract amount. Management believes that such contracts and agreements were executed with creditworthy financial institutions. As such, we considered the risk of nonperformance to be remote. 
 In July 2017, the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority announced its intention to phase out LIBOR rates by the end of 2021, some of which have recently been extended to June 30, 2023. The effect of any changes in the methods by which LIBOR is determined, or any other reforms to LIBOR that may be enacted in the United Kingdom or elsewhere cannot be predicted. Such developments may cause LIBOR to perform differently from the past, including sudden or prolonged increases or decreases in LIBOR, or LIBOR may cease to exist resulting in the application of a successor base rate under our credit facilities. Either development could have unpredictable effects on our interest payment obligations, including an increase in interest payments under our credit facilities. See above for our sensitivity to an increase or decrease in the variable interest rates under Term Loan B. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of MultiPlan Corporation 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of MultiPlan Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income, of shareholders' equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 
 As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for convertible instruments and contracts in an entity's own equity in 2021. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 PSAV Revenue Variable Consideration 
 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s revenue is generated from the compensation received from payors in exchange for various cost management services and solutions. Compensation from payors includes commissions received for each claim based on the percentage of savings (PSAV) achieved compared to the providers billed fee-for service rates. Revenue under a PSAV arrangement is entirely variable and variable consideration is estimated using the expected value method based on the Company s historical experience and management s best judgment at the time. Management uses significant judgment when assessing whether estimates of variable consideration are constrained and these estimates are calculated based upon both customer-specific and aggregated factors that include historical billing and adjustment data, customer contractual terms, and performance guarantees. When assessing the estimate of variable consideration, the period of historical experience considered as part of the expected value method requires significant management judgment. For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenue from PSAV arrangements was 995.5 million. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the PSAV revenue variable consideration, is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management due to the measurement uncertainty involved in developing the estimates of variable consideration, as the estimates are based on assumptions developed using both customer-specific and aggregated factors related to historical billing and adjustment data, including the period of historical experience utilized in determining the estimate of variable consideration, and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to management s significant assumption related to the period of historical experience. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the PSAV revenue recognition process, including controls over management's estimation of variable consideration. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management s process for developing the estimate of PSAV variable consideration, (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the expected value method, (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the method, and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of management s significant assumption related to the period of historical experience. Evaluating the reasonableness of the assumption related to the period of historical experience involved considering the historical relationships of revenue recognized and collected and amounts returned or credited in subsequent periods, and whether this assumption was consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment Assessment as of December 31, 2022 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated goodwill balance was 3,705.2 million as of December 31, 2022. Management tests goodwill for impairment at least annually on November 1, or more frequently if there are events or circumstances indicating the carrying value of the reporting unit may exceed its fair value on a more likely than not basis. Based on significant declines in the Company s market capitalization, Management performed a quantitative impairment test as of December 31, 2022. Management estimated the fair value of the Company s reporting unit using a (i) discounted cash flow analysis, (ii) forecasted EBITDA trading multiples for comparable publicly traded companies and (iii) historical EBITDA multiples for comparable acquisitions, giving equal weight to the three approaches. Assumptions used in the discounted cash flow analysis include forecasted revenues, terminal growth rate, forecasted expenses and the discount rate. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill impairment assessment as of December 31, 2022 is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimate of the reporting unit; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 evaluating management s significant assumptions related to forecasted revenues, terminal growth rate, forecasted expenses and discount rate; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the goodwill impairment assessment, including controls over the valuation of the Company s reporting unit. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimate; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow analysis; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the discounted cash flow analysis; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to forecasted revenues, terminal growth rate, forecasted expenses and discount rate. Evaluating management s significant assumptions related to forecasted revenues and forecasted expenses involved evaluating whether the assumptions were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the Company; (ii) consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow analysis and (ii) the reasonableness of the terminal growth rate and discount rate assumptions. 
 /s/ 
 
 March 1, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2009. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 December 31, 
 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Trade accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses Prepaid taxes Other current assets, net Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other intangibles, net Other assets, net Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued interest Operating lease obligation, short-term Current portion of long-term debt Accrued compensation Accrued legal settlements Other accrued expenses Total current liabilities Long-term debt Operating lease obligation, long-term Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares Deferred income taxes Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) Shareholders equity: Shareholder interests Preferred stock, par value shares authorized; shares issued 
 Common stock, par value shares authorized; and issued; and shares outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained (deficit) earnings ) Treasury stock and shares 
 ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income and Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Costs of services (exclusive of depreciation and amortization of intangible assets shown below) General and administrative expenses Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets Loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets Total expenses Operating (loss) income ) ) Interest expense Interest income ) ) ) (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt ) (Gain) loss on investments ) ) Gain on change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares ) ) ) Net (loss) income before taxes ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) Net (loss) income ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Weighted average shares outstanding Diluted Net (loss) income per share Basic ) ) Net (loss) income per share Diluted ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 (in thousands, except share data) Common Stock Issued Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings (Deficit) Treasury stock Total Shareholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2019 (1) 
 Class B Unit expense (Note 15) 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (Note 15) ) ) Effect of the Mergers (Note 4) ) ) Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares (Note 10) ) ) ) ) PIPE Investment, net of costs (Note 4) Treasury stock purchases ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) Effect of ASU 2020-06 (Note 3) ) ) 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (Note 15) Tax withholding related to vesting of equity awards ) ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Net income Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (Note 15) Tax withholding related to vesting of equity awards ) ) Reclassification of Private Placement Warrants (Note 10) Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 (1) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net (loss) income ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of the right-of-use asset Loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets Stock-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Non-cash interest costs Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt ) (Gain) Loss on equity investments ) Loss on disposal of property and equipment Change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares ) ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of assets acquired and liabilities assumed from acquisitions: Accounts receivable, net ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Prepaid taxes ) Operating lease obligation ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses and other Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of investment Purchase of equity investments ) HST Acquisition, net of cash acquired ) DHP Acquisition, net of cash acquired ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities: Repayments of Term Loan G ) ) Extinguishment of Notes 
 ) Extinguishment of Senior PIK Notes ) Issuance of Senior Convertible PIK Notes Repurchase of Notes 
 ) Issuance of Notes 
 Repayments of Term Loan B ) ) Issuance of Term Loan B Issuance of Senior Secured Notes 
 Taxes paid on settlement of vested share awards ) ) Borrowings on revolving credit facility Repayment of revolving credit facility ) Effect of the Transactions 
 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Continued 
 (in thousands) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) Borrowings on finance leases, net ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Noncash investing and financing activities: Purchases of property and equipment not yet paid Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for: Interest ) ) ) Income taxes, net of refunds ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 78 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 million healthcare providers. 
 Payors generally aim to pay provider claims at a discount to reduce cost, to eliminate any improperly billed charges before payment is made, and to recover any incorrectly paid charges after payment is made. Our Analytics-Based Services discount claims using data-driven negotiation and/or re-pricing methodologies to support payments to providers with whom contractual discounts are not possible and are generally priced based on a percentage of savings achieved. Also included in this category are services that enable lower cost health plans that feature reference-based pricing either in conjunction with or in place of a provider network. These services are generally priced at a bundled PEPM rate. Our Network-Based Services offer Payors a 
 79 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. 

employees now work remotely. Other than these modifications, we have not experienced any material changes to our operations, including receiving and processing transactions with our customers as a result of COVID-19. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s revenues continue to be negatively impacted as a result of the medical charges received on non-COVID-19 claims from customers not yet reaching pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels due to fewer elective medical procedures and non-essential medical services. Such negative impacts, however, are to a lesser extent compared to the same period in 2020 and 2021, as vaccination rates have increased and most restrictions on medical services have been lifted. 
 
 80 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 major financial institutions that exceeded Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limits. Management believes the credit risk related to these deposits is minimal. 
 Restricted Cash 
 See the Insurance section of this footnote for additional information on our captive insurance company. 
 
 81 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Provision for doubtful accounts Write-offs of uncollectible receivables ) Allowance as of December 31, 
 
 years 
 Furniture and equipment years 
 Computer hardware years 
 Computer software years 
 
 Internal-use software development costs incurred in the preliminary project stage are expensed as incurred; costs incurred in the application and development stage, that meet the capitalization criteria, are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset, generally ; and costs incurred in the post-implementation/operations stage are expensed as incurred. 
 82 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 83 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The quantitative assessment of our goodwill as of December 31, 2022 indicated that the estimated fair value of the reporting unit of approximately billion was less than its carrying value of approximately billion. As a result, a loss on impairment of million was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets was primarily due to the impacts of macroeconomic factors. Our discounted cash flow analysis and the relief from royalty analysis utilized a higher discount rate for the 2022 impairment test, primarily due to central banks raising interest rates in 2022. 
 The value of definite-lived intangible assets is recorded at their acquisition date fair value and amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated lives. The Company tests definite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. We measure recoverability of these assets by comparing the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows that the assets or the asset group are expected to generate. If the assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized equals the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair market value. definite-lived intangible asset impairment was identified in any of the periods presented. 
 to years 
 Provider Network years Technology to years 
 Trade Names year to indefinite 
 
 See Note 8 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets for additional information. 
 84 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 to days. We do not have any significant financing components in our contracts with customers. 
 The Company expenses sales commissions and other costs to obtain a contract when incurred, because our commissions are deemed contingent on factors broader than the simple intention of the contracts and cannot be considered directly incremental. These costs are recorded within cost of services. 
 Practical Expedients and Accounting Policy Elections 
 The Company excludes sales taxes and other similar taxes from the measurement of the transaction price. 
 The Company does not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations, nor do we disclose the timing of revenue recognition for contracts with an original expected length of one year or less. 
 The Company uses a portfolio approach when estimating the amount of consideration it expects to receive from certain classes of customer contracts with similar characteristics, and expects that the difference from applying the new revenue standard to a portfolio of contracts as compared to an individual contract would not result in a material effect on the financial statements. 
 85 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 PSAV PEPM Other Analytic-Based Services PSAV PEPM Payment Integrity Services PSAV PEPM Total Revenues Percent of PSAV revenues Percent of PEPM revenues Percent of other revenues 
 to per claim. The Company retains the services of an insurance broker to assess current risk and exposure levels as a standalone entity. The appropriate types and levels of coverage were determined by the Company, and the Company had active policies providing the desired level of coverage deemed necessary by the Company. 
 Health insurance and employee benefits are subject to the participant's deductible amounts with amounts exceeding the deductibles self-insured by the Company. The Company uses historical claim data and loss trends to project incurred losses and record loss reserves. Other factors utilized in determining loss reserves include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of historical payments, severity of individual claims, jurisdictional considerations, the anticipated future volume of claims, the life span of various types of claims and input from the Company's legal representatives responsible for the defense of these claims. The ultimate value of casualty claims (primarily general liability) and professional liability (primarily errors and omissions) claims may take several years before becoming known. Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by the Company are not discounted. 
 The Company s wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary receives direct premiums, which are netted against the Company s insurance company costs in general and administrative expenses, in the consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 86 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

See Note 15 Stock-Based Compensation for further information. 
 87 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

, and of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, , and of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021 and , and of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2020. The loss of the business of one or more of our larger customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 See Note 11 Fair Value Measurements for additional details. 
 88 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

See Note 17 Basic and Diluted Loss and Earnings Per Share for additional information. 
 
 3. 
 million, corresponding to the equity component of million previously recorded in additional paid-in capital, the deferred taxes related to the equity component as of January 1, 2021 of million, and a cumulative-effect adjustment to increase retained earnings as of January 1, 2021 by million, which reflects the elimination of the discount amortization related to the equity component in prior periods, net of deferred taxes. See Note 9 Long-Term Debt below for additional information on the impact of this adoption. 
 89 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

4. 
 million in cash was paid to Holdings on behalf of Holdings' equity holders as the closing cash consideration; 
 the Company issued shares of its Class A common stock as closing share consideration; 
 holders of shares of the Company's Class A common stock sold in its Initial Public Offering properly exercised their right to have such shares redeemed for a full pro rata portion of the Trust Account holding the proceeds from the Company's Initial Public Offering, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Transactions, or approximately per share and million in the aggregate; 
 the Company issued and sold to investors in a private placement, (x) shares of the Company's Class A common stock at a purchase price of per share for aggregate proceeds of million, (y) warrants to purchase shares of the Company's Class A common stock and (z) an additional shares of the Company's Class A common stock in lieu of an original issue discount; 
 the Company issued and sold to investors in a private placement million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Convertible PIK Notes, with an original issue discount of million, for aggregate proceeds of million; 
 the Senior PIK Notes were redeemed in full for a total redemption price of million (which includes accrued interest through October 7, 2020); 
 all of the Company's outstanding shares of Class B common stock were converted into shares of the Company's Class A common stock on a -for-one basis; 
 the Company paid KG a transaction fee of million and a placement fee of million, all of which was paid in cash; and 
 The Sponsor elected to convert the full balance of the unsecured promissory note issued by the Company, in the principal amount of million, into Working Capital Warrants. 
 The consummation of the Transactions constituted a definitive Liquidity Event under the agreements governing the Unit awards and as a result all unvested Units vested on October 7, 2020, as more fully described in Note 15 Stock-Based Compensation. Polaris recorded these awards within shareholders' equity as an equity contribution from Holdings based on the 
 90 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 shares of the Company's Class A common stock issued and shares of the Company's Class A common stock outstanding, excluding (i) the shares purchased by a subsidiary of MultiPlan in August 2020, which shares are held by the Company as treasury shares and (ii) the founder shares that unvested in connection with the Transactions as more fully described in Note 10 Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares. The shares, options and net loss per share available to holders of the Company's common stock, prior to the Transactions, have been retroactively restated as shares reflecting the exchange ratio established in the Transactions. 
 In connection with the Transactions, the Company has incurred transaction costs. The transaction costs directly attributable to the Transactions for the year ended December 31, 2020 represent million and have been recorded as a reduction to additional paid in capital in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The transaction costs considered incremental have been expensed as incurred and these amounts, million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. With respect to the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, transaction expenses mostly relate to the Delaware Stockholder Litigation further described in Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies. 
 Remaining funds held on the Closing Date in the Trust Account of million were released to be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. 
 
 5. 
 percent of the voting equity interest of DHP. The acquisition strengthens MultiPlan's service offering in the payment integrity market with new and complementary services to help its Payor customers manage the overall cost of care and improve their competitiveness. It also adds revenue integrity services for plans that receive premiums from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. 
 The DHP acquisition was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. As a result of the DHP acquisition and the application of purchase accounting, DHP's identifiable assets and liabilities were adjusted to their fair market values as of the acquisition date. The amount of DHP goodwill that is deductible for income tax purposes is million. 
 
 91 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Cash and cash equivalents Trade accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses Other current assets, net Property and equipment, net (1) 
 Other assets Other intangibles, net (2) 
 Accounts payable ) ) Other accrued expenses ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Long-Term Liabilities ) ) Total identifiable net assets ) Goodwill 
 (1) Includes capitalized software of million and other tangible assets of million. 
 million with a remaining useful life of years, and trade names of million with a remaining useful life of years. The weighted average remaining useful life of the acquired intangibles subject to amortization is . 
 The results of operations and financial condition of DHP have been included in the Company's consolidated results from the date of acquisition. Through December 31, 2022, DHP's impact on revenues and net earnings was not material and as a result no pro forma disclosures were required. 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 
 6. 
 ) ) Furniture equipment ) ) Computer hardware ) ) Computer software ) ) Capitalized software development ) ) Total Property and Equipment ) ) 
 Furniture and equipment includes assets under finance leases of million and million with accumulated depreciation of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 92 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million and million, respectively. 
 
 7. 
 . Certain leases include options to renew in increments of ; the options to renew are not considered reasonably certain to be exercised at commencement and are not included in the lease term. Some leases have variable payments, however, because they are not based on an index or rate, they are not included in the measurement of ROU assets and operating lease liabilities. Variable payments for real estate leases relate primarily to common area maintenance, insurance and property taxes associated with the properties. These variable payments are expensed as incurred. The Company elected to not separate lease and non-lease components for building and equipment leases. The Company will account for the lease and non-lease components, such as those described above, as a single lease component. 
 The Company s lease costs are recorded in cost of services and general and administrative expenses. Short-term and finance lease expense was determined to not be material. 
 Variable lease cost Total operating lease cost Operating cash flow used for operating leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 Weighted-average discount rate 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no material lease transactions that we have entered into but have not yet commenced. 
 93 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 8. 
 years ) ) Provider network years ) ) Technology years ) ) Trade names years ) ) Trade names Indefinite Total ) ) 
 The estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding years is million per year. 
 The goodwill arose from the acquisition of the Company in 2016 by Holdings, the HST acquisition in 2020 and the DHP acquisition in 2021. The carrying value of goodwill was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded impairment losses of million related to the goodwill and million related to the indefinite-lived trade names. No impairment losses had been recorded in previous years. Impairment losses are included in Loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets in the accompanying consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 In the quantitative impairment test of goodwill performed in the year ended December 31, 2022, we calculate the estimated enterprise fair value of the reporting unit using a (i) discounted cash flow analysis, (ii) forecasted EBITDA trading multiples for comparable publicly traded companies and (iii) historical EBITDA multiples for comparable acquisitions, giving equal weight to the three approaches. Assumptions used in the discounted cash flow analysis include forecasted revenues, terminal growth rate, forecasted expenses and the discount rate. The fair value measurements are based on significant unobservable inputs, and thus represent Level 3 inputs. 
 Qualitative impairment assessments were performed for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 Acquisitions Measurement period adjustments ) Loss on impairment ) Ending balance, December 31 
 94 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 9. 
 Notes 
 Notes Senior Unsecured 11/1/2028 
 Senior Secured Notes 
 Notes Senior Secured 9/1/2028 
 Senior Convertible PIK Notes Convertible Notes (3) 
 Senior Unsecured 10/15/2027 Cash Interest , PIK Interest 
 Finance lease obligations, non-current Other Senior Secured 2022-2024 - 
 Long-term debt Less: current portion of long-term debt ) ) Less: debt discounts, net ) ) Less: debt issuance costs, net ) ) Long-term debt, net 
 (1) Beginning December 31, 2021 and quarterly thereafter, we shall repay a principal amount of the Term Loan B equal to of the initial aggregate principal of million. These scheduled principal repayments may be reduced by any voluntary or mandatory prepayments made in accordance with the credit agreement. 
 (2) Interest on Term Loan B and Revolver B is calculated, at MPH's option, as (a) LIBOR (or, with respect to the term loan facility only, , whichever is higher), plus the applicable margin, or (b) the highest rate of (1) prime rate, (2) the federal funds effective rate, plus , (3) the LIBOR for an interest period of one month, plus and (4) for Term Loan B and for Revolver B, in each case, plus an applicable margin of for Term Loan B and between and for Revolver B, depending on MPH's first lien debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio. The interest rate in effect for Term Loan B was as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) The Senior Convertible PIK Notes are convertible into shares of Class A common stock based on a conversion price, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 95 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million. As a result, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of million in the year ended December 31, 2020 included in (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt in the accompanying consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 On October 29, 2020, the Company (a) consumed the Notes offering by MPH and increased the revolving credit facility under the senior secured credit facilities from million to million and (b) repaid of all outstanding Notes and million of indebtedness under Term Loan G with the net proceeds of the Notes offering, together with million of cash on hand. As a result, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of million in the year ended December 31, 2020 included in (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt in the accompanying consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 On August 24, 2021, MPH issued new senior secured credit facilities composed of million of Term Loan B and million of a Revolver B, and million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes. MPH used the net proceeds from Term Loan B, and the Senior Secured Notes to repay all of the outstanding balance of its Term Loan G of million, and pay fees and expenses in connection therewith. As a result, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of million in the year ended December 31, 2021 included in (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt in the accompanying consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 During November and December of 2022, the Company repurchased and cancelled million of the Notes, resulting in the recognition of a gain on debt extinguishment of million in the year ended December 31, 2022 included in (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt in the accompanying consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 Debt Discounts 
 Some of our debt instruments have been issued with a discount. These costs were capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the related debt using the effective interest method. 
 ) ) Senior Convertible PIK Notes ) ) Total ) ) 
 Debt Issuance Costs 
 In connection with the issuance of our debt instruments, the Company incurred specific expenses related to raising the debt, including commissions, fees and expenses of investment bankers and underwriters, registration and listing fees, accounting and legal fees pertaining to the financing and other external, incremental expenses paid to advisors that were directly attributable to realizing the proceeds of the debt issues. These costs were capitalized and are being amortized over the term of the related debt using the effective interest method. 
 96 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 months ) ) Notes 
 months ) ) Senior Secured Notes 
 months ) ) Revolver (1) 
 months ) ) Total ) ) 
 (1) The debt issuance costs associated with the revolving credit facility are included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Interest expense 
 The Company is obligated to pay a commitment fee on the average daily unused amount of Revolver B. The annual commitment fee can range from an annual rate of to based on the Company's first lien debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio, as defined in the agreement. Interest expense, including commitment fees and amortization of debt issuance costs, were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts are included in interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 Interest expense related to long-term debt was million, million and million for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts are included in the accompanying consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 Guarantees 
 The senior secured credit facilities and their guarantees are secured, subject to permitted liens and other exceptions, by a first priority lien on substantially all of MPH's and the subsidiary guarantors' tangible and intangible property, and a pledge of all of the capital stock of each of their respective subsidiaries. All obligations under the debt agreement governing the senior secured credit facilities are unconditionally guaranteed by MPH Acquisition Corp. 1, the direct holding company parent of MPH, and each existing and subsequently acquired or organized direct or indirect wholly owned U.S. organized restricted subsidiary of MPH (subject to certain exceptions). 
 The Senior Secured Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by each of MPH s wholly owned domestic restricted subsidiaries that guarantee its senior secured credit facilities. The Senior Secured Notes are not guaranteed by the Company. The Senior Secured Notes and their guarantees are secured, subject to permitted liens and other exceptions, by a first priority lien shared with the senior secured credit facilities on substantially all of MPH s and the subsidiary guarantors tangible and intangible property, and a pledge of all of the capital stock of each of their respective subsidiaries. 
 The Notes are jointly and severally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by each of the issuer s wholly owned domestic restricted subsidiaries that guarantee the issuer s existing senior secured credit facilities. 
 The Senior Convertible PIK Notes are jointly and severally, fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Polaris Intermediate Corp. 
 Debt Covenants and Events of Default 
 The Company is subject to certain affirmative and negative debt covenants under the debt agreements governing our indebtedness that limit our and/or certain of our subsidiaries' ability to engage in specific types of transactions. These covenants limit our and/or certain of our subsidiaries' ability to, among other things: 
 97 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Senior Secured Notes will cease to apply to the Senior Secured Notes for so long as such notes have investment grade ratings from both Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and S P Global Ratings. 
 In connection with the Refinancing, the Revolver Ratio was amended such that, if, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of MPH, the aggregate amount of loans under the revolving credit facility, letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility (to the extent not cash collateralized or backstopped or, in the aggregate, in excess of million) and swingline loans are outstanding and/or issued in an aggregate amount greater than of the total commitments in respect of the revolving credit facility at such time, the revolving credit facility will require MPH to maintain a maximum first lien secured leverage ratio of to 1.00. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 we were in compliance with all of the debt covenants. 
 The debt agreements governing the new senior secured credit facilities, Term Loan G, the Revolver G, the Notes and the Senior Secured Notes contain customary events of default, subject to grace periods and exceptions, which include, among others, payment defaults, cross-defaults to certain material indebtedness, certain events of bankruptcy, material judgments, in the case of the debt agreements governing the new senior secured credit facilities and the Senior Secured Notes, failure of a guarantee on the liens on material collateral to remain in effect, in the case of the debt agreements governing the new senior secured credit facilities, Term Loan G and the Revolver G, any change of control. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under such debt agreements, the lenders and holders of such debt will be permitted to accelerate the loans and terminate the commitments, as applicable, thereunder and exercise other specified remedies available to the lenders and holders thereunder. 
 
 10. 
 of the founder shares and Private Placement Warrants were unvested as of October 8, 2020 and will re-vest at such time as, during the period starting on October 8, 2021 and ending on October 8, 2025, the closing price of our Class A common stock exceeds per share for any forty ) trading days in a sixty ) consecutive day period. Such founder shares and Private Placement Warrants that do not re-vest on or before October 8, 2025 will be forfeited and cancelled. 
 The Private Placement Warrants that vest are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the Sponsor and other permitted transferees, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until they re-vest. 
 In the event of an "Acquiror Sale" defined by the Sponsor Agreement as (i) a purchase, sale, exchange, business combination or other transaction in which the equity securities of the acquiror, its successor or the surviving entity of such business combination or other transaction are not registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or listed or quoted for trading on a national securities exchange or (ii) a sale, lease, exchange or other transfer in one transaction or a series of related transactions of all or substantially all of the acquiror's assets to a third party that is not an affiliate of the Sponsor, the founder shares and Private Placement Warrants that re-vest will change based on the Acquiror Price. If the Acquiror Price is less than 
 98 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 per share, no Founder Shares or vesting Private Placement Warrants will vest; if the Acquiror Price exceeds per share, all Founder Shares or vesting Private Placement Warrants will vest; and if the Acquiror Price is between per share and per share, the number of founder shares or vesting Private Placement warrants that vest will be determined based on linear interpolation between such share price levels. The remaining Founder Shares and vesting Private Placement warrants will be forfeited and cancelled for no consideration. 
 On August 8, 2022, the Sponsor transferred Private Placement Warrants, including to individuals not classified as permitted transferees under the warrant agreement and which are, therefore, now redeemable by the Company and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. As a result, these warrants were reclassified from Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares to additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheets on the transfer date for their fair value of million. 
 Unvested Founder Shares 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the change in fair values was primarily due to the decreas e in the stock price of the Company's Class A common stock and the passage of time over that period.) ) ) Unvested Founder Shares ) ) ) Gain on change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares ) ) ) 
 The following table shows the significant assumptions in the development of the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants and the Unvested Founder Shares: 
 Year Ended December 31, Significant Unobservable Inputs 2022 2021 Stock price Strike price Remaining life (in years) Volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield 
 
 11. 
 99 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million, which were valued based on Level 1 measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. Our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2021 did not include money market funds. 
 Notes, net of discount 
 Senior Secured Notes 
 Senior Convertible PIK Notes, net of discount Finance lease obligations Total Liabilities 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of long-term debt, including current maturities of finance lease obligations, was obtained using quoted prices in active markets. As such, this is considered a Level 1 fair value measurement. 
 As of December 31, 2021, we estimated the fair value of long-term debt, including current maturities of finance lease obligations, based on estimates using present value techniques that were significantly affected by the assumptions used concerning the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows and discount rates that reflect varying degrees of risk. Assumptions included interest rates currently available for instruments with similar terms as well as the five, seven, and eight-year Treasury bill rates. As such, this was considered a Level 2 fair value measurement. 
 Recurring fair value measurements 
 Prior to the Transactions, we measured our 2016 Class B Unit Incentive Plan at fair market value on a recurring basis. The fair value of the stock-based compensation awards was determined based on significant inputs not observable in the market which would represent a level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. The Company uses a Monte Carlo simulation to estimate the fair value of the stock-based compensation awards. See Note 15 Stock-Based Compensation for further information. 
 The Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The fair value of these instruments was determined based on significant inputs not observable in the market which would represent a level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. The Company uses an option pricing simulation to estimate the fair value of these instruments. 
 Non-recurring fair value measurements 
 We also measure certain non-financial assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, primarily goodwill and long-lived tangible and intangible assets, in connection with periodic evaluations for potential impairment. We estimate the fair value of these assets using primarily unobservable inputs and, as such, these are considered Level 3 fair value measurements. There were 
 100 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and impairment charges for these assets for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 Our non-marketable equity securities using the measurement alternative are adjusted to fair value on a non-recurring basis. Adjustments are made when observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer occur, or due to impairment. These securities are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy because we estimate the value based on valuation methods using the observable transaction price at the transaction date. At December 31, 2022, the carrying amount of these alternative investments, recorded under Other assets, net in the condensed consolidated balance sheets, was million. There were no write-ups due to observable price changes or write-downs due to impairment in the current period. 
 For additional information related to goodwill, intangible assets, long-lived assets and impairments, see Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 8 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. 
 
 12. 
 State and local Deferred Federal ) ) ) State and local ) ) ) ) ) Total provision (benefit) from continuing operations ) 
 The Company's provision for income taxes for the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 continues to be impacted by the TCJA, which was enacted into law on December 22, 2017. Income tax effects resulting from changes in tax laws are accounted for by the Company in accordance with the authoritative guidance, which requires that these tax effects be recognized in the period in which the law is enacted. During 2020 the Internal Revenue Service issued final regulations relating to the TCJA that the Company assessed and was accounted for in the period when issued. Additional changes under the CARES act in Q1 2020 increased the allowable interest expense deduction for 2019 and 2020. 
 The pre-tax loss during the year ended December 31, 2022 of million generated an income tax provision of million. The pre-tax income during the year ended December 31, 2021 was million which generated income tax provision of million. The pre-tax loss during the year ended December 31, 2020 of million generated an income tax benefit of million. 
 101 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ) Non-Deductible Expenses Equity Compensation Plan Non-Deductible change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares Liability ) ) ) State Taxes (net) ) Valuation Allowance Goodwill Impairment Non-Deductible Compensation Tax Credits ) ) ) Other State Deferred Rate Changes Total ) 
 Our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 differed from the statutory rate primarily due to non-deductible stock-based compensation expense, non-deductible mark-to-market liability, non-deductible intangible asset impairment charge, limitations on executive compensation, changes in the Company's deferred state tax rate due to previous acquisitions, tax credits, operations and state tax expense. 
 Our effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 differed from the statutory rate primarily due to non-deductible stock-based compensation expense, non-deductible mark-to-market liability, limitations on executive compensation, changes in the Company s deferred state tax rate due to the DHP acquisition, tax credits, operations and state tax expense. 
 The Company incurred an impairment charge of million in the fourth quarter of 2022 which was treated for income tax purposes in accordance with ASU 2017-04. Of this impairment charge, million resulted in an income tax expense of million. Substantially all of the goodwill impairment charge is permanently non-deductible for income tax purposes. 
 102 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Net operating loss carryforwards Capital loss carryforwards Accrued expenses and reserves Interest limitation carryforward Leases right-of-use liability Transaction expenses Other Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities: Intangible assets Depreciable assets Leases right-of-use asset Other Deferred income tax liabilities Net deferred income tax liabilities 
 The Company has NOL carry forwards for federal income tax purposes of million, million tax effected, that will be available to reduce future taxable income. The utilization of most of these losses is subject to annual limitations under federal income tax law. The Company believes that it will be able to fully utilize these losses under current federal tax law. The net operating losses begin to expire in 2023. The Company has net operating loss carry forwards for state income tax purposes of million. The Company believes that it will be able to fully utilize these losses under current state tax laws. Substantially all of the Company's state NOL carryforwards expire by 2025. The Company has disallowed interest carry forwards for federal income tax purposes of million, million tax effected, that will be available to reduce future taxable income, subject to certain income limitations and which have an indefinite carryforward period. The Company believes it is more likely than not that these interest carryforwards will be fully utilized considering the weight of all positive and negative evidence under current tax laws. 
 During the third and fourth quarters of 2020, the Company marked-to-market certain investments which would result in a capital loss deferred tax asset for which the Company recorded a corresponding valuation allowance. As of December 31, 2022, the Company kept the valuation allowance related to the remaining estimated capital losses in excess of capital gain based on the difference between the tax and book balance of these investments. It is more likely than not the Company will not generate capital gain income to offset these losses. 
 The Company does not have reserves for uncertain tax positions. Any need for a reserve or changes in a reserve would be a component of the Company's tax provision. The Company includes interest and tax penalties as part of the tax provision. The Company does not reasonably expect any other significant changes in the next twelve months. 
 Various regulatory tax authorities periodically examine the Company's and its subsidiaries' tax returns. Tax years December 2019 through 2022 are open for Federal examination. Tax years 2018 through 2022 are still open for examination related to income taxes to various state taxing authorities. 
 
 13. 
 of our offices in lieu of security deposits in the amount of million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 103 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 putative class action lawsuits relating to the Transactions that have since been consolidated under the caption In Re MultiPlan Corp. Stockholders Litigation, Consolidated C.A. No. 2021-0300-LWW (Del.Ch) ("Delaware Stockholder Litigation"). The Delaware Stockholder Litigation asserts breach of fiduciary duty claims and aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty claims against the former directors of the Churchill board, the Sponsor, KG and M. Klein (collectively, the "Churchill Defendants") and the Company. The Delaware Stockholder Litigation complaint alleges that the Transactions were a product of an unfair process by Churchill, which was allegedly impacted by conflicts of interest, resulting in mispricing of the Transactions. The complaint seeks, among other things, damages, certain equitable relief including the reopening of redemptions, and attorneys fees and costs. The Company and the Churchill Defendants filed motions to dismiss the complaint. On January 3, 2022, the Chancery Court issued a ruling granting in part the Company s motion to dismiss and denying the motion to dismiss filed by the Churchill Defendants. 
 While the Company was dismissed from the Delaware Stockholder Litigation, the consolidated lawsuit proceeded against the Churchill Defendants, some of whom we had agreed to indemnify with respect to the Delaware Stockholder Litigation. 
 On November 17, 2022, the Company and the parties to the Delaware Stockholder Litigation entered into a settlement agreement, which is subject to court approval, to fully and finally resolve the Delaware Stockholder Litigation. In connection with the settlement, the Company and its insurers have agreed to pay million in exchange for a broad release of all claims related to the business combination and ownership of Churchill stock and warrants from February 19, 2020 through October 8, 2020. The settlement is being paid pursuant to the Company s indemnification obligations and from available director and officer insurance policies. 
 On February 28, 2023, the Delaware Court of Chancery held a settlement hearing relating to the Delaware Action and approved the settlement. We expect the court's ruling will become final in 30 days, at which point the Delaware Action will be fully and finally resolved, which will bring to an end all pending stockholder litigation against the Company and its directors. 
 We accrue for costs associated with certain contingencies, including, but not limited to, settlement of legal proceedings, regulatory compliance matters and self-insurance exposures when such costs are probable and reasonably estimable. Such accruals are included in accrued legal settlements on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. In addition, we accrue for legal fees incurred in defense of asserted litigation and regulatory matters as such legal fees are incurred. To the extent it is probable under our existing insurance coverage that we are able to recover losses and legal fees related to contingencies, we record such recoveries concurrently with the accrual of the related loss or legal fees. Significant management judgment is required to estimate the amounts of such contingent liabilities and the related insurance recoveries. In our determination of the probability and ability to estimate contingent liabilities and related insurance recoveries we consider the following: litigation exposure based on currently available information, consultations with external legal counsel, adequacy and applicability of existing insurance coverage and other pertinent facts and circumstances regarding the contingency. Liabilities established to provide for contingencies are adjusted as further information develops, circumstances change, or contingencies are resolved; and such changes are recorded in the accompanying consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income during the period of the change and appropriately reflected in other accrued legal settlements on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 14. 
 shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company's board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 
 Class A Common Stock 
 The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022, there were shares of Class A common stock issued, excluding (i) shares of Class A common stock available for future grants under our MultiPlan Corporation 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan, (ii) the 
 104 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the Senior Convertible PIK Notes, and (iii) the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants described below. 
 Except as otherwise required by law or as otherwise provided in any certificate of designation for any series of preferred stock, the holders of common stock will possess all voting power for the election of directors and all other matters requiring stockholder action and will be entitled to vote per share on matters to be voted on by stockholders. The holders of our Class A common stock will at all times vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of the common stock. 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Holders of Class B common stock had the right to elect all of the Company's directors prior to a business combination. The shares of Class B common stock automatically converted into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the Transactions on a -for-one basis. 
 Warrants 
 Each whole Public Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase share of our Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on February 19, 2021. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a holder may exercise its Public Warrants only for a whole number of shares of our Class A common stock. This means only a whole public warrant may be exercised at a given time by a holder. The Public Warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on October 8, 2025 or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a "cashless basis," as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuance of Class A common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. 
 The Company may redeem the Public Warrants: 
 in whole and not in part; 
 at a price of per warrant; 
 upon a minimum of days' prior written notice of redemption, or the redemption period, to each warrant holder; and 
 if, and only if, the closing price of the Company's Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 The Public Warrants are classified as equity on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. 
 The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) are not transferable, assignable or salable until (i) with respect to Private Placement Warrants and pursuant to the terms of the Investor Rights Agreement, April 8, 2022 and (ii) with respect to all other Private Placement Warrants February 19, 2021, (except, among other limited exceptions, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the Sponsor) and they will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis and will be entitled to certain registration rights. Otherwise, the Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Public Warrants. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. All Private Placement Warrants held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees are classified as a liability on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 In connection with the Transactions on July 12, 2020, the Sponsor loaned us an unsecured promissory note (the "Note") in the principal amount of million. The Note had no interest and was repayable in full upon the closing of the Transactions. The Sponsor also had the option to convert any unpaid balance of the Note into Working Capital Warrants equal to the principal 
 105 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million, into Working Capital Warrants. The Working Capital Warrants have identical terms to the Private Placement Warrants. All Working Capital Warrants held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees are classified as a liability on its consolidated balance sheets. 
 In connection with the Transactions, the Company issued PIPE Warrants on terms identical to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants, other than the redemption feature exists for all holders of the PIPE Warrants. Each whole PIPE Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of our Class A common stock at a price of per share. The PIPE Warrants are classified as equity on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of Class A common stock outstanding, consisting of: (a) the Public Warrants (warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of Class A common), (b) the Private Placement Warrants (warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of Class A common stock), (c) the Working Capital Warrants (warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of Class A common stock) and (d) the PIPE Warrants (warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of Class A common stock). 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Additional paid-in capital is reported in the shareholders' equity section of the balance sheet and corresponds to the cash that shareholders have given the Company in exchange for stock. 
 Treasury stock 
 During 2020, a subsidiary of the Company purchased shares to be held in treasury for the purpose of facilitating the Transactions for a total amount of million excluding fees and commissions. Prior to the consummation of the Transactions, this investment was accounted for as equity securities with a readily determinable fair value and carried at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in "loss on investments" in the consolidated statements of (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income. Upon the consummation of the Transactions, the fair value of the shares of million was recorded as a reduction to shareholder's equity. 
 On August 27, 2021, the Company announced a share repurchase program approved by its board of directors, authorizing, but not obligating, the repurchase of up to an aggregate amount of of its Class A common stock from time to time through December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased shares of its Class A common stock as part of this program using cash on hand for a total amount of million. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased shares of Class A common stock in payment of withholding taxes upon the vesting of stock based compensation awards for a total amount of million. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares of its Class A common stock. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of Class A common stock held in treasury, respectively. 
 
 15. 
 Units available for issuance under the Polaris Plan. There were Units issued and outstanding as of the date of the Liquidity Event, October 7, 2020. The Company's CEO, with the approval of the Holdings Board, determined participation and the allocation of the Units. 
 Each individual Award is composed of time vesting units and performance vesting units. Time vesting units and performance vesting units vest based on the vesting dates and the achievement of certain performance measures as defined in 
 106 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 million related to the accelerated vesting during the fourth quarter of 2020. The Company recorded these awards within shareholders' equity as an equity contribution from Holdings based on the fair value of the outstanding Units at each reporting period. 
 The fair value of the outstanding Units was million as of October 7, 2020, and represents the cumulative exit value of the Company, which reflects the transaction value plus prior distributions. We also removed the discount for lack of marketability from the calculation of fair value. The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense for Class B Units of million during the period ended December 31, 2020. Forfeitures are accounted for as they occur. 
 Expected volatility Expected dividend yield Discount for Lack of Marketability 
 General and administrative Total stock-based compensation 
 After the consummation of the Transactions 
 The Company operates under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan effective October 8, 2020. The purpose of the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan is to provide a means through which the Company and the other members of the Company may attract and retain key personnel and to provide a means whereby directors, officers, employees, consultants and advisors of the Company and its subsidiaries can acquire and maintain an equity interest in the Company, or be paid incentive compensation, including incentive compensation measured by reference to the value of Common Stock, thereby strengthening their commitment to the welfare of the Company and aligning their interests with those of the Company's stockholders. 
 There were originally shares and as of December 31, 2022 there are shares of Class A common stock available for the issuance of awards under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan. The Company's CEO, with the approval of the Board, determines participation and the allocation of the Units. Awards under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan typically vest from months to years and are generally subject to either cliff vesting or graded vesting. Awards do not have non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents. 
 The Company has adopted an Incentive Compensation Clawback Policy in order to help ensure that incentive compensation is paid or awarded based on accurate financial results and the correct calculation of performance against incentive targets. 
 107 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Awarded Forfeited ) Outstanding at end of period Exercisable at end of period years 
 Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units 
 Awarded Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at end of period 
 On August 4, 2021, the Company granted million of Fixed Value RSUs to the chief executive officer as part of the side letter agreement entered into on the same date. The required service period of the grant is the time between the grant date and the vesting date of January 31, 2022, and the compensation cost related to the grant was amortized ratably over the service period. This grant is accounted for as liability-classified award because the obligation is based on fixed monetary amount that was known at inception of the obligation, to be settled with a variable number of shares of our common stock based on the volume weighted average trading price of the common stock of the Company over the preceding consecutive trading days prior to the grant's vesting date, which occurred on January 31, 2022. 
 Other share based compensation data 
 - 
 Expected volatility - 
 Expected dividend yield 
 Expected life in years - 
 Sub optimal exercise factor 

108 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 General and administrative Total stock-based compensation 
 million . 
 
 16. 

17.) ) Denominator for (loss) earnings per share calculation Weighted average number of shares outstanding basic Effect of stock-based compensation Weighted average number of shares outstanding diluted (Loss) Income per share basic and diluted: Net (loss) income per share basic ) ) Net (loss) income per share diluted ) ) 
 Earnings per share calculations for all periods prior to the Transactions have been retrospectively restated to the equivalent number of shares reflecting the exchange ratio established in the reverse recapitalization. Subsequent to the Transactions, earnings per share will be calculated based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock then outstanding. 
 As of the year ended December 31, 2021, we have excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share the instruments whose effect would have been anti-dilutive, including (i) warrants outstanding, (ii) shares which may be issued upon conversion of the Senior Convertible PIK Notes, and (iii) Unvested Founder Shares. Additionally, we have excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share awards within the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan whose effect would have been anti-dilutive of for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 109 

Table of Content 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 18. 
 Total revenues from related parties Cost of services ) General and administrative ) ) Total expense from related parties ) ) 
 There are related party balances in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the related party transactions included the following: 
 The Company purchased PPO network services from a company controlled by affiliates of Hellman Friedman LLC, an affiliate of H F, to supplement our provider network. We also recognize revenues from that same company for the use of our provider network and other claims processing services. 
 The Company has obtained insurance brokered through a company controlled by affiliates of Hellman Friedman LLC. 
 The Company reimburses an affiliate of Hellman Friedman LLC for reasonable out of pocket expenses that include travel, lodging, meals, and any similar expenses. 
 Companies controlled or managed by members of the Board have participated in the PIPE Investment, including the Senior Convertible PIK Notes. 

19. 
 million of its Class A common stock from time to time in open market transactions. The repurchase program was effective immediately and expires on December 31, 2023. 
 110 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company will be detected. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that our management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the Company s Board, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 111 

N/A 
 
 Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Our executive officers and directors, and their respective ages and positions with us, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are as follows: 
 Executive Officers 
 Name Age Position at MultiPlan Dale A. White 67 President, Chief Executive Officer Director James M. Head 57 Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey A. Doctoroff 54 Senior Vice President, General Counsel Secretary Michael C. Kim 57 Senior Vice President Chief Information Officer Carol Nutter 46 Senior Vice President Chief People Officer 
 Directors 
 Name Age Position at MultiPlan Principal Profession/Occupation Mark Tabak 73 Non-Executive Chair of the Board Former Chief Executive Officer, MultiPlan Corporation Allen R. Thorpe 52 Lead Independent Director Partner, Hellman Friedman LLC Michael K. Attal 30 Director Principal, Hellman Friedman LLC Glenn R. August 61 Director Founder Chief Executive Officer, Oak Hill Advisors Richard A. Clarke 72 Director Chief Executive Officer, Good Harbor Security Management Anthony Colaluca, Jr. 56 Director President, AfterNext HealthTech Acquisition Corp. C. Martin Harris 66 Director AVP of the Health Enterprise Chief Business Officer, Dell Medical School, University of Texas at Austin Julie Klapstein 68 Director Former Chief Executive Officer, Availity, LLC Michael Klein 59 Director Designate Chief Executive Officer of Banking and Designate Chief Executive Officer of the Americas, Credit Suisse Group AG; Designate Chief Executive Officer, CS First Boston P. Hunter Philbrick 43 Director Partner, Hellman Friedman LLC 
 All other information required by this Item 10 of Form 10-K will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the solicitation of proxies for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this Item 11 of Form 10-K will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this Item 12 of Form 10-K will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this Item 13 of Form 10-K will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 112 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this Item 14 of Form 10-K will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 12, 2020, by and among Churchill Capital Corp III, Music Merger Sub I, Inc., Music Merger Sub II, LLC, Polaris Parent Corp. and Polaris Investment Holdings, L.P. 
 8-K 001-39228 2.1 July 13, 2020 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of MultiPlan Corporation 
 8-K 001-39228 3.1 October 9, 2020 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of MultiPlan Corporation 
 8-K 001-39228 3.2 October 9, 2020 4.1 Specimen Class A common stock Certificate 
 8-K 001-39228 4.1 October 9, 2020 4.2 Specimen Warrant Certificate (included in Exhibit 4.3) 
 4.3 Warrant Agreement, dated February 13, 2020, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and Churchill Capital Corp III 
 8-K 001-39228 4.1 February 19, 2020 4.4 Specimen Warrant Certificate (included in Exhibit 4.5) 
 4.5 Warrant Agreement, dated October 8, 2020, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and Churchill Capital Corp III 
 8-K 001-39228 4.5 October 9, 2020 4.6 Indenture, dated as of October 8, 2020, by and between Churchill Capital Corp III and Wilmington Trust, National Association 
 8-K 001-39228 4.6 October 9, 2020 4.7 Form of 6.00 / 7.00 Convertible Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.6) 
 4.8 Indenture, dated as of October 29, 2020, between MPH Acquisition Holdings LLC, the guarantors named therein and Wilmington Trust, National Association 
 8-K 001-39228 4.1 October 30, 2020 4.9 Form of 5.750 Senior Notes due 2028 (included in Exhibit 4.8) 
 4.10 Indenture, dated as of August 24, 2021, by and among MPH Acquisition Holdings LLC, the guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association 
 8-K 001-39228 4.1 August 25, 2021 4.11 Form of 5.50 Senior Secured Note due 2028 (included in Exhibit 4.1 0 
 4.12 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 10-K/A 001-39228 4.16 March 25, 2021 10.1 Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2020, by and among Churchill Capital Corp III, Polaris Investment Holdings, L.P., Churchill Sponsor III LLC, Hellman Friedman Capital Partners VIII, L.P., The Public Investment Fund of The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and the other parties named therein 
 8-K 001-39228 10.1 July 13, 2020 10.2 Amendment No. 1 to Investor Rights Agreement , dated as of January 31, 2022, by and between MultiPlan Corporation and the other parties thereto. 
 8-K 001-39228 10.2 January 31, 2022 10.3 Amended and Restated Sponsor Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2020, by and among Churchill Capital Corp III, Churchill Sponsor III LLC, and the other parties thereto 
 8-K 001-39228 10.5 July 13, 2020 10.4 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement between Churchill Capital Corp III and Churchill Sponsor III LLC 
 S-1 333-236153 10.6 January 29, 2020 
 113 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 10.5 Common Subscription Agreement dated as of July 12, 2020, by and between Churchill Capital Corp III and The Public Investment Fund of The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
 8-K 001-39228 10.2 July 13, 2020 10.6 Form of Other Common Subscription Agreement 
 8-K 001-39228 10.3 July 13, 2020 10.7 Form of Convertible Subscription Agreement 
 8-K 001-39228 10.4 July 13, 2020 10.8 Credit Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2021, by and among MPH Acquisition Corp. 1, MPH Acquisition Holdings LLC, the Co-Obligors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders and Letter of Credit Issuers from time to time party thereto and Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC, as the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, Swingline Lender and Letter of Credit Issuer 
 8-K 001-39228 10.1 August 25, 2021 10.9# MultiPlan Corporation 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 S-8 333-251250 4.1 December 10, 2020 10.10# Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 10-K 001-39228 10.12 March 16, 2021 10.11# Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 10-K 001-39228 10.13 March 16, 2021 10.12# Form of Restricted Stock Award under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 10-K 001-39228 10.14 March 16, 2021 10.13# Form of Option Award under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 10-K 001-39228 10.15 March 16, 2021 10.14# Form of Stock Award Agreement under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 8-K 001-39228 10.3 January 31, 2022 10.15# Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated May 5, 2016, by and among Mark Taba k , Polaris Investment Holdings, L.P. and MultiPlan, Inc. 
 8-K 001-39228 10.13 October 9, 2020 10.16#+ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated May 5, 2016, by and among Dale White, Polaris Investment Holdings, L.P. and MultiPlan, Inc. 
 8-K 001-39228 10.15 October 9, 2020 10.17# Offer Letter to Jeffrey Doctoroff, dated June 25, 2014 
 8-K 001-39228 10.16 October 9, 2020 10.18# Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement 
 8-K 001-39228 10.17 October 9, 2020 10.19# Side Letter between Mark H. Tabak and MultiPlan, Inc., effective August 4, 2021, amending the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Mr. Tabak, MultiPlan, Inc. and Polaris Investment Holdings, L.P. 
 8-K 001-39228 10.1 August 6, 2021 10.20 Purchase Agreement, dated August 17, 2021, among MPH Acquisition Holdings LLC, the guarantors named therein and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC., as representative of the several initial purchasers named therein 
 8-K 001-39228 10.1 August 18, 2021 10.21# Employment Agreement dated November 15, 2021, by and between Multiplan Corporation and James Head. 
 8-K 001-39228 10.1 November 16, 2021 10.22 Amended and Restated Sponsor Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2020, by and among Churchill Capital Corp III, Churchill Sponsor III LLC, and the other parties thereto 
 8-K 001-39228 10.5 July 13, 2020 10.23# Employment Agreement dated January 31, 2022, by and between Multiplan Corporation and Dale White. 
 8-K 001-39228 10.1 January 31, 2022 14.1 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics of MultiPlan Corporation, effective February 27, 2023 
 X 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 
 X 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 X 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13-a - 14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 
 114 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13-a - 14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. of Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. of Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 101 The following financial information from MultiPlan Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) includes: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income and Comprehensive (Loss) Income, (iii) the Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) X 
 + The schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the SEC upon request. 
 # Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None 
 115 

Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 1st day of March, 2023. 
 MultiPlan Corporation By: /s/ Dale A. White Name: Dale A. White Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Dale A. White Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director March 1, 2023 Dale A. White /s/ James M. Head Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) March 1, 2023 James M. Head /s/ Gerald J. Kozel Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) March 1, 2023 Gerald J. Kozel /s/ Mark H. Tabak Non-Executive Chairperson of the Board of Directors March 1, 2023 Mark H. Tabak /s/ Allen R. Thorpe Lead Independent Director March 1, 2023 Allen R. Thorpe /s/ Michael K. Attal Director March 1, 2023 Michael K. Attal /s/ Glenn R. August Director March 1, 2023 Glenn R. August /s/ Richard A. Clarke Director March 1, 2023 Richard A. Clarke /s/ Anthony Colaluca, Jr. Director March 1, 2023 Anthony Colaluca, Jr. /s/ C. Martin Harris Director March 1, 2023 C. Martin Harris /s/ Julie D. Klapstein Director March 1, 2023 Julie D. Klapstein /s/ Michael S. Klein Director March 1, 2023 Michael S. Klein /s/ P. Hunter Philbrick Director March 1, 2023 P. Hunter Philbrick 
 116 

<EX-14.1>
 2
 a141multiplancodeofconduct.htm
 EX-14.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 14.1 

MultiPlan 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

A Message from our Chief Executive Officer 
 MultiPlan is committed to conducting our business with integrity at all times. It s a commitment that forms the foundation of our business success, maintains our culture of honesty and fair play throughout our operations, and sustains our company s reputation for excellence. Our customers count on us to deliver innovative, high-quality services and solutions, and we earn their trust by adhering to the highest standards of ethics. That trust, like our company s reputation, is a valuable commodity, and one that we reinforce every day by the way we treat our fellow employees, customers, providers, Third Parties, suppliers and the communities where we do business. Everyone shares that responsibility, and that s why it s so important for all of us to become familiar with MultiPlan s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (our Code). 
 Our Code is designed to provide guidance for our day-to-day actions and activities. It represents the values of our company and how we conduct business. It s about doing the right thing, treating others with respect and being honest at all times. 
 Please take the time to read our Code, and ask questions if you see something you don t understand. Many resources are available to help you. Seek the guidance of your manager, your local Human Resources representative, Law Department representative, MultiPlan business representative or the Compliance Officer if you have any questions or concerns about our Code. 
 I am extremely proud to lead a company that maintains such a strong commitment to ethical practices throughout its operations. The dedication of MultiPlan to upholding these high standards is integral to our business success. Your support in abiding by our Code as well as in making MultiPlan a leader in the industries we serve is appreciated and valued every day. 
 
 Dale White 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Table of Contents 
 Purpose 4 
 1. Compliance with Laws, Rules, and Regulations 
 4 
 Insider Trading 
 4 
 Anti-Bribery, Anti-Corruption, and Anti-Kickback Laws 
 5 
 2. Conflicts of Interest 
 5 
 Relationships with MultiPlan Employees, Competitors, and Third Parties 
 5 
 Loans 
 5 
 3. Ethical Business Practices 
 6 
 Corporate Opportunities 
 6 
 Fair Dealing and Competition 
 6 
 Honest Communication 
 6 
 4. Confidentiality 
 6 
 Confidential Information and HIPAA Privacy Officer 
 7 
 Communications with Governmental Entities 
 7 
 5. Protection and Proper Use of Assets and Resources 
 7 
 6. Accuracy of Company Records and Finance-Related Reporting 
 7 
 7. Gifts, Outside Activities, and Lobbying 
 8 
 Gifts and Gratuities 
 8 
 Outside Activities and Directorships 
 8 
 Lobbying 
 9 
 8. Integrity of MultiPlan Information 
 9 
 Data Retention 
 9 
 9. Fair Employment Practices 
 9 
 Harassment and Discrimination 
 9 
 Equal Employment Opportunity 
 10 
 10. Government Programs 
 10 
 Federal Exclusion Databases 
 10 
 11. Compliance with the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 10 
 Administration of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 11 
 Waivers 
 12 
 12. Reporting Process 
 12 
 13. MultiPlan Policies and Procedures 
 13 
 14. Definitions 
 13 

CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 
 Purpose 
 The MultiPlan Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (this Code contains the legal and ethical standards of conduct required of all employees of MultiPlan Corporation and each of its divisions, subsidiaries, affiliates, and operating or business units (collectively MultiPlan ), including its executive officers, all members of MultiPlan Corporation s Board of Directors directors ), and all contracted and temporary employees and parties with whom MultiPlan does business. All MultiPlan employees, directors, network providers, and Third Parties (collectively you are expected to apply high ethical, moral, and legal principles in every aspect of business conduct. The MultiPlan Corporation Board of Directors has adopted this Code in order to 
 promote honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest 
 promote full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with, or submits to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and in other public communications made by the Company 
 promote compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules, and regulations 
 promote the protection of Company assets, including corporate opportunities and confidential information 
 promote fair dealing practices 
 deter wrongdoing and 
 ensure accountability for adherence to the Code. 
 
 You are required to be familiar with the Code, to comply with it, and to report any suspected violations as described below in Section 12, Reporting Process. 
 For purposes of this Code, the term employee includes any individual employed or contracted by MultiPlan. Other terms capitalized, but not defined, are defined below in Section 14, Definitions. 
 
 1. Compliance with Laws, Rules, and Regulations 
 You must comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, at all times in every jurisdiction in which we operate, including the Government Program laws, discussed below. The use of any MultiPlan s or any of MultiPlan s clients funds or assets for any unlawful purpose is strictly prohibited. If there appears to be a conflict between this Code or any other MultiPlan policy and the law, or if you have a question regarding the existence, interpretation, or application of any law, initiate the Reporting Process outlined in Section 12 below. Generally, if there is a conflict between this Code, any MultiPlan policy, and the law, the most restrictive requirement will govern. 
 Where required by law or as directed by MultiPlan, all employees and directors are expected to cooperate with all MultiPlan, governmental, and regulatory investigations. You should never take any action to improperly influence, coerce, manipulate, or mislead MultiPlan or any governmental or regulatory representative, or withhold relevant information from any of them. You are also expected to report to MultiPlan any improper, coercive, manipulative, or misleading actions by others during the course of any investigation by MultiPlan or any governmental or regulatory body. 
 Insider Trading 
 Trading in the stock or securities of a company, such as MultiPlan, on the basis of inside information is both illegal and a violation of the MultiPlan Corporation Insider Trading Policy. It is also illegal to recommend to others (commonly called tipping that they buy, sell, or retain the securities to which such inside information relates. Anyone violating these laws could face a jail term as well as disciplinary action by MultiPlan. In the normal course of business, you may come into possession of inside information concerning MultiPlan, our stockholders, Third Parties, or other companies, including about potential transactions and partnerships. If you have access to non-public material information about MultiPlan or another company, you are not permitted to use or share that information for your personal benefit. You are responsible for reviewing, understanding, and complying with the MultiPlan Corporation Insider Trading Policy. Questions about the propriety of any transaction in MultiPlan s or 
 MultiPlan Code of Conduct V2 (02 2023) Page 4 

any other company s stock, bonds, or other securities should be directed to the Legal Department before undertaking the transaction. 
 Anti-Bribery, Anti-Corruption, and Anti-Kickback Laws 
 MultiPlan will not tolerate bribery, any form of corruption, or violation of applicable anti-kickback laws. You must not offer or pay for anything of value to influence a regulator, government official or candidate, political party, client or prospective client, Third Party or prospective Third Party, or commercial organization, or solicit or accept anything of value to grant favorable treatment to any such person. This is true even in areas where local legal and cultural standards allow it. MultiPlan complies with all anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-kickback laws in the locations where it does business. Questions about the propriety of any action that may create the appearance of improper influence should be directed to your direct supervisor direct reporting manager or the Legal Department. See also the subsection entitled Gifts and Gratuities below for more information about MultiPlan s gift and gratuity policies. 
 
 2. Conflicts of Interest 
 A conflict of interest occurs when an individual s private interest (or the interest of a member of their family) interferes, or even appears to interfere in any way, with that individual s ability to make fair and impartial judgements and to act in the best interests of MultiPlan. A conflict of interest may exist if an employee takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult or impossible for that employee to perform their MultiPlan work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest also arise when an employee or director (or a member of their family) receives improper personal benefits as a result of their relationship with MultiPlan. Each employee other than an executive officer has a duty to disclose the existence of a conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest to the direct supervisor direct reporting manager or the Vice President of their division, whichever is higher. Subject to Section 11 below, each executive officer and director must disclose the existence of a conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest to the Compliance Officer or the Chair of the Audit Committee and seek approval of any interest determined to be a conflict of interest from the Audit Committee or the MultiPlan Corporation Board of Directors. 
 Relationships with MultiPlan Employees, Competitors, and Third Parties 
 Employees may not have a personal ownership or other financial interest in any organization that either competes with or does business with MultiPlan unless they have received prior management approval. This does not apply to stock or other investments held in a publicly held corporation, provided the value of the stock or other investments does not exceed 5 of that corporation s stock. MultiPlan may, following a review of the relevant facts, permit ownership interests which exceed these amounts if management concludes such ownership interests will not adversely affect MultiPlan s business interests or the judgment of the employee. 
 No employee shall perform work, render services for, or receive any direct or indirect financial benefit from any competitor of or supplier to MultiPlan outside of the normal course of their employment with MultiPlan without obtaining the prior approval of their division direct supervisor direct reporting manager or the Vice President, whichever is higher. Each employee shall disclose if a Family Member works for an entity with which MultiPlan has an arrangement, or is contemplating entering into an arrangement with an entity that directly competes with MultiPlan. A Family Member includes an employee s spouse, as defined by state-specific statutes, and adoptive, biological, step, or half-relation child, parent, brother, sister, grandparent, grandchild, mother- or father-in law, and legal guardian. 
 MultiPlan s purchasing decision are based on the Third Parties ability to meet MultiPlan s needs and not on the basis of personal relationships or gift and gratuities extended or accepted. Any gifts, meals, favors, or entertainment, in any form, that would likely result in an expectation of a personal obligation, should not be extended or accepted. 
 Loans 
 Loans by MultiPlan to, or MultiPlan guaranteeing the obligations of, employees or their family members are of special concern and could constitute improper personal benefits to the recipients of such loans or guarantees, 
 MultiPlan Code of Conduct V2 (02 2023) Page 5 

depending on the facts and circumstances. Loans by MultiPlan to, or MultiPlan guaranteeing the obligations of, any director or executive officer are expressly prohibited. 
 
 3. Ethical Business Practices 
 MultiPlan is committed to only engaging in ethical business practices. Employees must accurately and honestly represent MultiPlan and may not engage in any activity or scheme intended to defraud any person or organization of money, property, or honest services. Likewise in the performance of your contracted duties services, network providers and Third Parties must accurately and honestly represent your organization and may not engage in any activity or scheme intended to defraud any person or organization of money, property, or honest services. 
 MultiPlan will not tolerate business practices that are intended to violate the spirit of any applicable law, even if such practices do not technically violate the law. You must exercise common sense and good judgment in assessing whether any arrangement could be perceived to be inappropriate. MultiPlan managers, at all levels, are expected to lead by example acting ethically and with integrity. 
 The provisions set forth below are designed to provide guidance on ethical business practices. Conduct not specifically addressed below must nevertheless be consistent with the general intent of this Code. 
 Corporate Opportunities 
 You are prohibited from taking for yourself (or for the benefit of friends or family members) or another entity, opportunities that are discovered through the use of MultiPlan s, its clients or its clients enrollees property, information, or position, and using MultiPlan s, its clients or its clients enrollees property, information, or position for personal gain. MultiPlan employees are further prohibited from competing with MultiPlan or working for another entity that competes with MultiPlan. 
 Fair Dealing and Competition 
 You must deal fairly with MultiPlan, its clients and its clients enrollees, its Third Parties, employees, partners, competitors, and anyone else with whom you come into contact in the course of performing your duties on behalf of MultiPlan. You should not take unfair advantage of anyone through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts, or any other unfair-dealing practice. 
 General business information about competitors is important to MultiPlan s efforts to maintain and improve upon our competitive position in the markets in which we operate. However, only legal and ethical means should be used to gather information about existing and potential competitors. Furthermore, you should not engage in any activity that has the effect of unlawfully limiting competition. 
 Honest Communication 
 You should be open and honest in the performance of your job duties or contracted duties services. You shall not make false or misleading statements to MultiPlan or any entity doing business with MultiPlan about any other individual or organization, about the products or services of MultiPlan or its competitors, or your contracted duties services. 
 
 4. Confidentiality 
 In accordance with applicable legal and ethical requirements, you must maintain the confidentiality of the following types of information 
 Client Confidential Information 
 Employee Confidential Information 
 Enrollee Confidential Information 
 MultiPlan Proprietary Information and 
 Provider Confidential Information. 
 
 MultiPlan Code of Conduct V2 (02 2023) Page 6 

Throughout this Code these types of information are collectively referred to as Confidential Information. For full definitions of each and of other relevant terms, please see below in Section 14, Definitions. 
 Confidential Information and HIPAA Privacy Officer 
 You must follow all applicable State, Federal, and international data privacy laws and regulations that govern the privacy and security of certain Confidential Information, including without limitation applicable HIPAA regulations and the HITECH Act, which regulates the use and disclosure of Protected Health Information PHI and Personally Identifiable Information PII ). You are also required to adhere to all MultiPlan privacy and security policies and procedures. All applicable policy and procedures are available to employees on MultiVerse, and available to network providers and Third Parties upon request. 
 Confidential Information, including PHI and PII, must be safeguarded at all times. You are required to limit your access of Confidential Information to only the minimum amount necessary to perform the applicable job function or contracted duties services. Confidential Information may only be disclosed in accordance with applicable State and Federal laws or regulations, international data privacy regulations, and MultiPlan s privacy and security policies and procedures. 
 To report a privacy or security related issue, please see the Reporting Process outlined below. 
 Communications with Governmental Entities 
 You may communicate, cooperate, or file a complaint with any U.S. federal, state or local governmental or law enforcement entity concerning possible violations of any legal or regulatory requirement, and may make disclosures to any governmental entity that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of any applicable law or regulation, so long as (1) such communications and disclosures are consistent with applicable law, and (2) the information disclosed was not obtained through a communication that was subject to the attorney-client privilege (unless disclosure of that information would otherwise be permitted by an attorney pursuant to the applicable federal law, attorney conduct rules, or otherwise). Any agreement inconsistent with the above language between MultiPlan and any employee is deemed invalid and will not be enforced by MultiPlan. 
 
 5. Protection and Proper Use of Assets and Resources 
 All employees must strive to preserve and protect MultiPlan s assets by making prudent and effective use of MultiPlan s resources. You are personally responsible for safeguarding and using MultiPlan assets and resources appropriately. When providing services to MultiPlan clients or its clients enrollees, you too must make prudent and effective use of MultiPlan s or its clients resources. MultiPlan assets include, but are not limited to, MultiPlan Proprietary Information and physical property including facilities, computers, other equipment, and supplies. Assets must be protected from misuse, damage, theft, or other improper handling, and may only be used for their intended purpose. 
 You are prohibited from improperly using MultiPlan s assets for personal reasons. You are prohibited from the unauthorized use or taking of MultiPlan s equipment, supplies, materials, or services, excluding nominal use or use previously approved by MultiPlan. 
 All MultiPlan business shall be conducted in a manner designed to further MultiPlan s interest rather than the personal interest of an individual employee. Prior to engaging in any activity on MultiPlan time that will result in compensation to the employee from an entity other than MultiPlan or the use of MultiPlan s equipment, supplies, materials, or services for personal or non-work related purposes, employees must obtain the approval of their supervisor. 
 
 6. Accuracy of Company Records and Finance-Related Reporting 
 MultiPlan s periodic reports and other documents filed with the SEC, including all financial statements and other financial information, must comply with applicable federal securities laws and SEC rules. Each employee and director who contributes in any way to the preparation or verification of MultiPlan s financial statements and other financial information must ensure that its books and its records accurately and fairly reflect, in reasonable detail, 
 MultiPlan Code of Conduct V2 (02 2023) Page 7 

MultiPlan s assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. Each employee and director who is involved in MultiPlan s financial disclosure process must also be familiar with and comply with MultiPlan s disclosure controls and procedures and its internal control over financial reporting, and must take all necessary steps to ensure that all filings with the SEC and all other public communications about MultiPlan s financial and business condition provide full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure. 
 All records, data, and information owned, used, and managed by MultiPlan should be accurate and complete. You are personally responsible for the integrity of the information, reports, and records under your control. You are also required to cooperate fully with MultiPlan s accounting and internal audit departments, as well as MultiPlan s independent public accountants and counsel. Such cooperation requires accuracy, candor, and responsiveness. You must never try to alter or destroy data make any false, misleading, or inaccurate oral or written statement or influence, pressure, mislead, or manipulate any of MultiPlan s independent public accountants in connection with any review of its financial or other records, or ask someone else to do the same. 
 If you have a concern about the integrity or objectivity of MultiPlan s financial statements or any other public disclosures made by MultiPlan, or any of MultiPlan s accounting practices, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, you should immediately report that concern to the Audit Committee, the Compliance Officer, through MultiPlan s Ethics Hotline, or through any other method described in the MultiPlan Corporation Whistleblower Policy. Employees may submit reports on an anonymous and confidential basis through the Ethics Hotline. For more information about MultiPlan s procedures for reporting and responding to concerns regarding accounting, internal controls or auditing matters, or financial information matters, see the MultiPlan Corporation Whistleblower Policy. 
 
 7. Gifts, Outside Activities, and Lobbying 
 Gifts and Gratuities 
 The purpose of business entertainment and gifts is to create goodwill and sound working relationships. Entertaining and or offering gifts to gain an improper advantage or provide an incentive or kick-back to encourage business arrangements with or on behalf of MultiPlan is impermissible and a violation of this Code. In no event shall employees accept or offer gifts, favors, services, entertainment, or other things of value (over 100) to the extent decision-making or actions affecting MultiPlan might be influenced by such gratuities. Further, no bribes, kickbacks, or other similar payments, in any form, shall be made, directly or indirectly, to, or for, a MultiPlan employee, agent, or representative. Service or product offerings shall represent the fair market value of the services provided by the Third Party to MultiPlan, negotiated in an arms-length transaction and should not be determined in a manner which takes into account the volume or value of any referrals or business otherwise generated. Employees may accept or offer only those business gratuities that have a nominal value, as defined by MultiPlan policy. Since practices in offering and accepting business gratuities vary among the markets and industries we serve, consultation is critical employees should ask their supervisor or the Compliance Officer if they have a question about what is appropriate. 
 Before offering or providing any gift or gratuity to a MultiPlan employee, the network provider or Third Party must confirm with the MultiPlan employee that such gift or gratuity would not place the employee in violation of this Code and or applicable MultiPlan policies. 
 Nothing in this Code shall prohibit a MultiPlan business unit or supervisor from establishing stricter rules relating to the acceptance or giving of gifts, gratuities, or other items of value to clients or from network providers and Third Parties. 
 Outside Activities and Directorships 
 Each MultiPlan employee has a duty to disclose any Outside Activities and Directorships, including any charitable or civic organization (except for homeowners associations, parent-teacher associations and or religious organizations), that directly or indirectly affect company duties, to the Vice President for their division. 
 An employee is involved in Outside Activities and Directorships if the employee (1) holds a job outside of MultiPlan (2) is involved in a business outside of MultiPlan or (3) is involved with civic, trade, and charitable 
 MultiPlan Code of Conduct V2 (02 2023) Page 8 

organizations in a role that may directly or indirectly affect the ability of the employee to perform their duties with MultiPlan or may influence decisions the employee makes on behalf of or affecting MultiPlan. 
 MultiPlan retains the right to prohibit employee membership on any Outside Activities and Directorships where such membership might conflict with the interests of MultiPlan. Questions regarding whether or not such participation by a MultiPlan employee might present a conflict of interest should be addressed to the employee s manager or Human Resource Representative. 
 Lobbying 
 You shall not engage in lobbying activities on behalf of MultiPlan unless authorized. Lobbying is strictly regulated by federal and state government rules. For example, certain federal programs require that no federally appropriated funds have been paid or will be paid by or on behalf of MultiPlan to any person for influencing or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency, a member of Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or an employee of a member of Congress in connection with the awarding of any federal contract the making of any federal loan or grant the entering into of any cooperative agreement or the extension, continuation, renewal, amendment, or modification of any federal contract, grant, loan, or cooperative agreement. You may not communicate with elected officials or their staff on behalf of MultiPlan without clearance from Human Resources or business representative and the Legal Department. You are also prohibited from contributing or making any agreement to contribute any money, property, or services of any MultiPlan resources or personnel at MultiPlan s expense to any political candidate, party, organization, or committee. 
 The above is not intended to restrict you from participation or association in political activities as a citizen of your country, state, county, city, municipality, and neighborhood. However, your involvement in politics must remain separate from your responsibilities as a MultiPlan employee or your contractual responsibilities as a network provider and or Third Party. 
 
 8. Integrity of MultiPlan Information 
 You may use and disclose MultiPlan Proprietary Information only to carry out your assigned job functions or contracted duties services and in compliance with applicable laws and MultiPlan s privacy and security policies and procedures. 
 All financial reports, accounting and billing records, research reports, expense accounts, time sheets, invoicing, and other such documents prepared in connection with MultiPlan are considered Confidential Information. Such documents must be truthful, complete, and accurately recorded, and must properly describe the transactions they reflect. Improper or fraudulent accounting, documentation, or financial reporting is prohibited. 
 Data Retention 
 All data related to MultiPlan s business activities must be maintained in accordance with the requirements and time frames set forth in MultiPlan s Data Retention policy. You must ensure all data containing Confidential Information is securely maintained, controlled, and protected to prevent unauthorized access. Any unauthorized destruction, removal, or use of Confidential Information is prohibited. 
 
 9. Fair Employment Practices 
 Harassment and Discrimination 
 Harassment undermines the integrity of the workplace and or professional relationship. Harassment can be non-verbal, verbal, or physical, and includes implied as well as overt threats. MultiPlan will not tolerate the harassment of any individual by any employee or entity with which it interacts, and is committed to maintaining a workplace that is free of harassment. 
 It is unlawful for you to sexually harass others and any such conduct is expressly prohibited. In addition, MultiPlan prohibits harassment and discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, 
 MultiPlan Code of Conduct V2 (02 2023) Page 9 

gender identity or expression, disability, age, pregnancy, genetic information, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local laws. 
 Equal Employment Opportunity 
 It has been and will continue to be a fundamental policy of MultiPlan to offer equal employment opportunities to qualified Individuals, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, age, pregnancy, genetic information, protected veteran status or any other factor protected by law and or MultiPlan policy. These policies apply not only to hiring decisions, but to all aspects of employment including training, promotion, compensation, and other terms and conditions of employment. MultiPlan insists that organizations with which it contracts adopt comparable requirements. 
 
 10. Government Programs 
 MultiPlan offers Government Program services to clients that offer state and federal level health care programs (e.g., Medicare Advantage, Medicaid Managed Care, TriCare, and Veterans Affairs). As in all of its business activities, MultiPlan seeks to provide Government Program services with the highest integrity. 
 MultiPlan is committed to adhering to and complying with applicable statutory, regulatory, and other requirements of Centers for Medicaid & Medicare Services CMS ), Department of Defense DOD ), Department of Veterans Affairs, and other comparable programs and or of their designee(s). All employees, and those who do business with us to help provide services, directly or indirectly, to Government Program clients, are required to conduct activities honestly and consistent with all applicable policies and procedures. Failure to do so may subject MultiPlan, its employees, network providers, and or Third Parties to substantial penalties or sanctions. Thus, MultiPlan is committed to compliance with all applicable Government Program requirements and you are expected to comply with these requirements. Should you identify or become aware of potential misconduct or suspected violations of Government Program requirements you have a duty to report it to the Compliance Officer. 
 MultiPlan cannot discharge, demote, or otherwise discriminate against you as a reprisal for disclosing information (except for classified information) that you reasonably believe is evidence of a gross mismanagement of a federal contract or grant a gross waste of federal funds an abuse of authority relating to a federal contract or grant (where abuse of authority is defined as an arbitrary and capricious exercise of authority that is inconsistent with the mission of the executive or the successful performance of a federal contract or grant a substantial and specific danger to public health or safety or a violation of law, rule, or regulation related to a federal contract (including competition for or negotiation of a contract) or grant. 
 Federal Exclusion Databases 
 MultiPlan is prohibited by law and contractual provisions from hiring or doing business with any person or entity that is currently debarred, suspended, excluded, or declared ineligible to perform work under any government contract or subcontract. MultiPlan makes reasonable inquiry into all candidates for employment or contracting by screening of government-maintained databases to verify the person or entity is not suspended, debarred, excluded, or otherwise excluded by federal or state agencies. MultiPlan checks the status of all employees and business partners at the time of hiring or initial contracting and on an ongoing basis thereafter. Network providers and Third Parties must likewise confirm that their employees and subcontractors are not currently debarred, suspended, excluded, or declared ineligible to perform work under any government contract or subcontract. 
 
 11. Compliance with the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 If you have knowledge of a violation of the Code you must immediately report such violation in accordance with the Reporting Process outlined below. MultiPlan employees, network providers, or Third Parties who make a report in good faith will not be subject to retaliation or any other forms of reprisal. If the individual making the report wishes to remain anonymous, the Compliance Officer will make every effort to maintain the confidentiality of their identity, within the limits of applicable law, and to share information about their report only on a need to know basis. The Compliance Officer will also make reasonable efforts to protect the rights of any individuals accused of violating this policy. 
 MultiPlan Code of Conduct V2 (02 2023) Page 10 

In reviewing the alleged violation(s) of the Code, MultiPlan will consider all relevant facts and circumstances, including the extent to which the behavior was contrary to the express language or general intent of the Code, the severity of the violation, the employee s, network provider s, and or Third Party s history with MultiPlan, and other factors which MultiPlan in its sole discretion deems relevant. Discipline for failure to abide by the Code may, in MultiPlan s discretion, range from verbal reprimand to termination of employment or contracted duties services, as applicable. 
 MultiPlan strictly prohibits retaliation or reprisal against any individual who in good faith discusses any concern with their supervisor, utilizes the reporting process or calls the Ethics Hotline to make a complaint or inquiry. Anyone found to have retaliated against another person who has in good faith raised a concern or made a report under this Code will be disciplined, which may include having their job or contract terminated or not being allowed to provide services to MultiPlan. However, if an individual reports a concern regarding violative conduct in which they are involved, MultiPlan may impose appropriate disciplinary action on the reporting individual. This non-retaliation policy does not protect an individual choosing to make an unjustified or false report for the purpose of harassment or nuisance or other improper purpose. 
 This Code is subject to MultiPlan Corporation s certificate of incorporation, as amended from time to time (the Certificate of Incorporation ), and bylaws, as amended from time to time (the Bylaws ), in all respects, and in the event of any conflict between this Code and the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, including, without limitation, provisions related to business opportunities presented to members of the board of directors of the Company (the Board ), the provisions set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, as applicable, shall control. 
 This Code is meant to be read in conjunction with MultiPlan s other policies and procedures, including, but not limited to, those listed in Section 13 below, and any other applicable MultiPlan manual, instructions, or directions. The Code is not intended to provide, nor shall be construed as providing, any employment, contractual or other rights to employees, other persons, or other entities. MultiPlan reserves the right to modify the Code as necessary, to incorporate new compliance requirements, regulations, and to incorporate new policies and procedures. 
 Administration of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 MultiPlan s ECCI Compliance Officer is generally responsible for issues of employee conduct and conflict of interest and for interpreting and applying the Code with respect to specific situations that in which questions arise on such topics. The ECCI Compliance Officer is MultiPlan s most senior employee relations officer or such other person as the Board designates from time to time. MultiPlan s Compliance Officer (together with the ECCI Compliance Officer, the Compliance Officers is responsible for all other issues of arising under the Code, including, but not limited to, issues related to fraud, waste, and abuse FWA ), and is responsible for interpreting and applying the Code with respect to specific situations that in which questions arise on such topics. The Compliance Officer is MultiPlan s most senior legal officer or such other person as the Board designates from time to time. Any authority granted in this Code to the Compliance Officers shall be deemed to be granted to the Company s General Counsel as well, regardless of whether such person is then serving as a Compliance Officer. In no event, however, may any person grant an exception or make an interpretation as to themselves. 
 The Compliance Officer, in their capacity as FWA Compliance Officer, will provide periodic summary updates of all Government Program-related matters to the MultiPlan Compliance Committee for the purposes of compliance efforts, Government Programs, and for accreditation purposes. The Compliance Officers will also be responsible for reporting on matters concerning executive officer or directors or other significant matters that may arise under this Code to the MultiPlan Corporation Board of Directors or a committee thereof. 
 This Code, and any material amendments to this Code, shall be only be effective upon approval by MultiPlan Corporation Board of Directors. 
 
 MultiPlan Code of Conduct V2 (02 2023) Page 11 

Waivers 
 Any waiver of compliance with this Code for any executive officer or director must be approved by the MultiPlan Corporation Board of Directors or an independent, disinterested committee thereof. Any such waiver will be promptly disclosed as and to the extent required by law, regulation, or stock exchange listing standard. 
 
 12. Reporting Process 
 Any individual who believes they have experienced or learned of a violation of this Code should report it immediately to their manager, supervisor, department Vice President, MultiPlan human resources or business representative, as applicable, or to the contacts outlined below. 
 Concerns of any kind stemming from possible non-compliance of this Code or irregularities, including, but not limited to, any privacy or security-related incidents or any accounting, internal controls, or auditing matters, may be reported anonymously on the Ethics Hotline. Calls to the Hotline are received by trained staff not employed by MultiPlan. Hotline staff will document your concerns and forward the information to MultiPlan s ECCI Compliance Officer for appropriate action. Calls to the Hotline will not be traced. You may remain anonymous. If you wish to identify yourself, MultiPlan cannot guarantee that your identity will not be disclosed. Please understand, however, that your identity and office location will facilitate MultiPlan s response to your concern, and that such information may be necessary to enable MultiPlan to inquire about and investigate the matter you report. 
 The Ethics Hotline 
 Ethics multiplan.com 
 www.ethicspoint.com 
 For MultiPlan employees (866) 292-4425 
 For network providers and Third Parties (888) 920-4506 
 
 Reports may also be made to 
 
 Compliance Officer 
 Jeff Doctoroff, SVP and General Counsel jeff.doctoroff multiplan.com 
 781-895-6818 
 
 ECCI Compliance Officer 
 Diane Hale, AVP, Human Resources 
 Diane.hale multiplan.com 
 630-649-5093 
 
 For HIPAA or privacy matters Danielle Dupr , Chief Privacy Officer HIPAA multiplan.com 
 
 For security matters 
 John (JR) Riding, Chief Information Security Officer 
 security multiplan.com 
 
 For fraud, waste, and abuse matters relating to the Federal Healthcare Programs, you may also contact 
 The Department of Health and Human Services 
 Office of Inspector General 
 ATTN OIG HOTLINE OPERATIONS 
 P.O. Box 23489 
 Washington, DC 20026 
 Phone (800) HHS - TIPS (800 447-8477) Fax (800) 223-8164 
 Email hhstips oig.hhs.gov 
 http oig.hhs.gov fraud report-fraud 
 
 MultiPlan Code of Conduct V2 (02 2023) Page 12 

For concerns relating to accounting, internal controls or auditing matters, or financial information matters, you may also write to the Audit Committee, the General Counsel, or the Head of Internal Audit Function at 
 
 Attention Audit Committee General Counsel Head of Internal Audit Function 
 MultiPlan Corporation, 115 Fifth Avenue 
 New York, New York 10003 
 
 13. MultiPlan Policies and Procedures 
 MultiPlan employees may refer to the following policies and procedures, located on MultiVerse, for additional information on the standards detailed in this Code. 
 Data Retention LD-01 
 Fraud, Waste and Abuse LD-16 
 Equal Employment Opportunity Policy HR-100 
 Confidential Information HR-105 
 Conflict of Interest HR-120 
 Sexual Harassment HR-302 
 Drug-Free and Alcohol-Free Workplace HR-306 
 Harassment in the Workplace HR-307 
 Employee Conduct HR-502 
 Open-Door Policy Grievance Procedure Whistleblower Rights and Protections HR-507 
 Anti-Bribery HR-514 
 Financial Whistleblower Policy ACCT SEC-101 
 Insider Trading Policy LD-19 
 
 14. Definitions 
 Audit Committee The Audit Committee of the MultiPlan Corporation Board of Directors. 
 Client Confidential Information - Any information for prospective MultiPlan clients, current MultiPlan clients, or former MultiPlan clients, including without limitation enrollment data, benefit plan designs, marketing plans, financial information, or any information that, in good faith, should be treated as confidential or proprietary, including business and technical information disclosed between the parties. 
 Confidential Information - PII, PHI, Enrollee Confidential Information, Employee Confidential Information, Client Confidential Information, Provider Confidential Information, and MultiPlan Proprietary Information, whether transferred in writing, orally, electronically, or by other means, without regard to whether the information is stored in hard copy, electronically, or otherwise. 
 Employee Confidential Information - All MultiPlan employment applicants personal information, and personal information about current and former MultiPlan employees, including without limitation first and last name, social security number, financial information, demographic information, including PHI, EPHI, and PII. 
 Enrollee Confidential Information - Information about current, and former enrollees, including without limitation first and last name, social security number, all demographic information, medical condition(s), all other clinical enrollee information, Protected Health Information PHI ), and Electronic Protected Health Information EPHI as defined under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 provisions HIPAA and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH ). 
 Incidental Vendor - An authorized Third Party that is not a PHI Subcontractor, Material Vendor, Medicare Advantage Vendor, or QHP Vendor, services consist of one-off business engagements, Third Party personnel do not require access to any MultiPlan systems, or the business engagement poses a low-risk to MultiPlan. 
 Material Vendor - An authorized Third Party that may have access to MultiPlan s computer environment, or non-production and masked data or the Third Party may have access to Private Data, based on the contracted services between MultiPlan and the Third Party. 
 MultiPlan Code of Conduct V2 (02 2023) Page 13 

Medicare Advantage Vendor - An authorized Third Party that provides contracted services to MultiPlan is considered a downstream entity if (1) exposed to (or accesses) Medicare Advantage client data or PHI (2) provides services that may be required under the Medicare Advantage clients contract with CMS, or program, regulations or (3) is in a position to directly impact (or interact) with Medicare Advantage enrollees. Business Owners notify MultiPlan s Compliance Officer (and the Third Party Risk Management committee) if the Business Owner believes a Third Party fits into the foregoing definition and ensure the Third Party Downstream Entity Questionnaire is completed, located in the Third Party Due Diligence Form. The Compliance Officer will make the final determination of whether the Third Party is a Medicare Advantage Vendor based on answers given in the Third Party Downstream Entity Questionnaire. 
 MultiPlan Proprietary Information - All MultiPlan information, including without limitation information regarding MultiPlan products and services, markets, network provider payment rates, utilization management criteria, protocols, policies and procedures, and any other trade secrets, intellectual property, or other non-public information that MultiPlan considers confidential or that might be of use to competitors, or harmful to MultiPlan or its clients if disclosed. 
 Personally Identifiable Information PII - Any information or data under applicable U.S. privacy and security laws that may be used on its own, or with other information, to identify, contact, or locate a single individual, including without limitation a person s social security number, age, military rank, marital status, race, salary, home and office phone numbers, and medical and financial information, whether transferred in writing, orally, electronically, or by other means, without regard to whether the information is stored in hard copy, electronically, or otherwise. 
 PHI Subcontractor - An authorized Third Party that has been engaged by MPI to perform services on its behalf and as part of the service engagement, the PHI Subcontractor may come into contact with PHI or PII, on a need-to-know basis, to perform the contracted services. 
 Protected Health Information PHI - Individually Identifiable Health Information that is transmitted by electronic media, maintained in electronic media, or transmitted or maintained in any other form or medium as defined by 45 C.F.R. 160.103. 
 Provider Confidential Information - Any non-public information about in-network and out-of-network providers that we collect, including without limitation 
 Information concerning a healthcare provider who is applying to, or participates in, the MultiPlan network(s), including all information obtained during the credentialing or recredentialing process the provider application and provider responses to professional historical questions 
 A provider s Drug Enforcement Agency number or state medical board documents 
 Professional liability insurance claims history information 
 Complaints received by MultiPlan about a provider, and any provider correspondence 
 Negotiation history related to out-of-network services and 
 Personal Identifying Information (PII) or sensitive personal information, including personal identifiers, protected classifications, or other provider data obtained during the course of business not intended for public display. 
 
 Qualified Health Plan QHP Vendor - A Third Party that materially (e.g., important, significant, or essential) supports or assists MultiPlan in providing contracted administrative services, such as repricing and analysis, credentialing, etc., to its QHP clients. 
 Third Party - An entity or individual providing services to or receiving services from MultiPlan through a contractual business relationship, including a PHI Subcontractor, Material Vendor, Medicare Advantage Vendor, QHP Vendor, and Incidental Vendor. 
 Third Party Due Diligence Questionnaire A questionnaire that provides a detailed description of all services provided by the Third Party and identifies the Third Party s risk classification. 
 MultiPlan Code of Conduct V2 (02 2023) Page 14 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exhibit211_multiplancorpor.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 

 Subsidiaries 
 Entity 
 Jurisdiction 
 Polaris Parent LLC Delaware Polaris Intermediate Corp. Delaware MPH Acquisition Corp Delaware DKL Insurance Company, Inc. Utah MPH Acquisition Holdings LLC Delaware MPH Intermediate Holding Company Delaware MultiPlan Holding Corporation Delaware MultiPlan, Inc. New York HST Acquisition Corp. Delaware HSTechnology Solutions, Inc. Delaware MARS Acquisition Corp. Delaware Medical Audit & Review Solutions, Inc. Delaware IHP Acquisition Corp. Delaware Integrated Health Plan, Inc. Florida HMA Acquisition Corporation Delaware Savant Management Concepts, Inc. Arizona i mx Technologies, Inc. Arizona HMA, Inc. Arizona Medical Management Services, Inc. Nevada Rural Arizona Network, Inc. Arizona Health Management Network, Inc. Nevada NCN Acquisition Corporation Delaware National Care Network, LLC Delaware MPI Sub, Inc. Delaware 

Associates for Health Care, Inc. Wisconsin ForMost, Inc. Delaware Admar Corporation California ProAmerica Managed Care, Inc. Texas Florida Health, L.C. 1 
 Florida Healthnetwork ProAmerica Midwest, Inc. Illinois Private Healthcare Systems, Inc. Delaware Statewide Independent PPO, Inc. New York American Lifecare, Inc. Louisiana American Lifecare Holdings, Inc. Louisiana MultiPlan Services Corporation Delaware Viant Holdings, Inc. Delaware Viant, Inc. Nevada Beech Street Corporation California Viant Payment Systems, Inc. Delaware Texas True Choice, Inc. Delaware HealthNetwork Systems, LLC Delaware Viant Management Services, Inc. Nevada HealthEOS by MultiPlan, Inc. Wisconsin DHP Acquisition Corp. Delaware LaunchPoint Ventures, LLC (d b a Discovery Health Partners Delaware 

1 MPI Sub, Inc. owns a one percent interest in Florida Health, L.C. and ProAmerica Managed Care, Inc. owns the remaining 99 interest in Florida Health, L.C. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit231-2022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No.333-251250) and Form S-3 (Nos. 333-260783 and 333-249779) of MultiPlan Corporation of our report dated March 1, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit311-q42022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Dale A. White, certify that 
 1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of MultiPlan Corporation 
 
 2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 
 d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 1, 2023 

s Dale A. White Dale A. White Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit312-2022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, James M. Head, certify that 
 1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of MultiPlan Corporation 
 
 2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 
 d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 1, 2023 

s James M. Head James M. Head Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit321-2022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of MultiPlan Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Dale A White, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated March 1, 2023 

s Dale A. White Dale A. White Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exhibit322-2022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of MultiPlan Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, James M. Head, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated March 1, 2023 

s James M. Head James M. Head Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 mpln-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 mpln-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 mpln-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 mpln-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 mpln-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

