<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1842644_0001213900-23-023704.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3804931</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>347085</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>764483</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>763837</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>962073</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>876966</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-023704.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328163054
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-023704
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SILVERspac Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001842644
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40783
		FILM NUMBER:		23770003

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7 WORLD TRADE CENTER
		STREET 2:		250 GREENWICH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10007
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(201) 970-1994

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7 WORLD TRADE CENTER
		STREET 2:		250 GREENWICH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10007

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SilverSPAC Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210127

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-023704.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_silverspacinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended ,

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
to 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant SLVRU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 SLVRW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ). Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

The aggregate market value
of the Registrant s Class A shares outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the Registrant,
computed as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), was approximately
 . 

As of March 27, 2023,
there were of the Registrant s Class A ordinary shares and of the Registrant s Class B ordinary shares,
par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

SILVERspac INC. 

FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 
 1 

Item 1 . 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1.A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 

Item 1.B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 43 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 43 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 43 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 43 

PART II 
 44 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 44 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 45 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 
 45 

Item 7.A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 49 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 49 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 
 49 

Item 9.A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 49 

Item 9.B. 
 Other Information 
 50 

Item 9.C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 50 

PART III 
 51 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 51 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 59 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters 
 60 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence 
 61 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 64 

PART IV 
 65 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 65 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 66 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 
AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K contains statements that are forward-looking and as such are not historical facts. This includes, without limitation, statements
under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our
financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations. These statements constitute projections,
forecasts and forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words anticipate, 
 believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, 
 may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, 
 should, will, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the
absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their
potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These
forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may
cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These
risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other factors: 

our being a company with no operating history and no operating revenues; 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial Business Combination (as defined below); 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors
following our initial Business Combination; 

our directors and officers allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
of interest with our business or in approving our initial Business Combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the ongoing
coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic and other events (such as international hostilities, terrorist attacks, natural disasters
or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) and the status of debt and equity markets; 

the ability of our directors and officers to generate potential Business Combination opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account (as defined below) or available to us from interest
income on the Trust Account balance; 

the Trust Account being subject to claims of third parties; 

our financial performance; 

our warrants being accounted for as derivative liabilities and recorded at fair value upon issuance with
changes in fair value for each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares or may
make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business Combination; and 

the other risk and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

Should one or more of these
risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from
those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

ii 

PART
I. 

References in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report to we, us, our or the Company 
are to SILVERspac Inc., a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company. References to our management 
or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to SILVERspac
Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. References to our initial shareholders refer to our Sponsor and each
of our independent directors. 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

We are excited by the opportunities
that technological change has brought to the real estate and financial services industries and the industries supporting them. Given the
background of our management team and board of directors, we believe we are uniquely positioned to effectuate a Business Combination with
one or more leading private companies and create value for our shareholders. 

We are a blank check company
incorporated on January 21, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share
exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business
Combination ). 

While we may pursue an initial
Business Combination target in any stage of its corporate evolution or in any industry or sector, we currently intend to concentrate on
identifying businesses that provide technology and innovation solutions to the real estate and financial services industries, broadly
referred to as the PropTech and FinTech sectors. We also intend to concentrate on identifying enterprise technology
companies that sell into the real estate and financial services sectors. 

Our Sponsor is SILVERspac
Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ), a Delaware limited liability company. Our Sponsor is controlled by Tal Kerret, our Chairman and
Chief Financial Officer, and Charles Federman, our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Kerret is a member of the Silverstein family which
owns and controls Silverstein Properties LLC Silverstein Properties ). Mr. Kerret also currently serves as President
of Silverstein Properties. In 2015, Mr. Kerret and Mr. Federman partnered to found Silvertech Ventures, a tech accelerator and
venture capital firm, to further augment Silverstein Properties existing cutting-edge technology and innovation initiatives.
Our Sponsor intends to leverage its experience with Silverstein Properties and Silvertech Ventures to help us source and evaluate business
opportunities. 

The registration statement
for our initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering was declared effective on September 9, 2021. On September
14, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 25,000,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class
A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of 250,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 4,666,667 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 7,000,000. 

Transaction costs amounted
to 15,082,415, consisting of 5,000,000 of underwriting fees, 8,750,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 1,332,415 of
other offering costs. 

Following the closing of the
Initial Public Offering on September 14, 2021, an amount of 250,000,000 10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale
of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement Units was placed in a trust account (the Trust
Account which will be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment
company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as we determine.
Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to pay our taxes, if any, the funds
held in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of a Business
Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to our shareholders, as described below. 

1 

Our management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants,
although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward completing a Business Combination. We must
complete our initial Business Combination with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least
80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and
excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held in the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into a Business
Combination. We will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the
issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that we will be
able to successfully complete a Business Combination. 

We intend to effectuate our
Business Combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants,
our shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. 

We have neither engaged in
any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from January 21, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 were
organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and identifying a target company
for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination.
We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses
as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence
expenses. 

We expect to continue to incur
significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. 

We will provide our shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in
connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision
as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us. The shareholders
will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount held in the Trust Account (initially 10.00 per share),
calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of a Business Combination, including any pro rata interest earned on the funds
held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a
Business Combination with respect to our warrants. 

If we are unable to complete
a Business Combination on or prior to September 14, 2023 (24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering) (the Combination
Period or during any extended time that we have to consummate a Business Combination beyond 24 months as a result of a shareholder
vote to amend our memorandum and articles of association (an Extension Period ), we will (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the
Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to pay taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which
redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining
shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

2 

Effecting a Business Combination 

Our Business Strategy 

Our investment strategy is
to identify and complete our initial Business Combination with a company that complements the experience of our management team and advisory
board and that can benefit from our expertise. Our selection process will leverage our management team s broad and deep relationship
networks, unique industry experiences and proven deal sourcing and execution capabilities. 

Additionally, we seek to acquire
a business that offers innovative and disruptive solutions to optimize aspects of the real estate or financial services value chain and
other outdated business processes. Our management team will work to leverage our access to proprietary deal flow, sourcing capabilities
and network of industry contacts to generate business opportunities. 

Business Combination
Criteria 

We have identified the following
acquisition criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective targets. We will use these criteria and guidelines
in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial Business Combination with a target business that
does not meet these criteria and guidelines. 

High Quality Management
Team : We will look for a business that has a management team with a strong track record of revenue growth and
the ability to scale a business organically and/or inorganically. We will also evaluate for public-readiness with respect
to organizational structure, corporate governance, control and culture. 

Superior Business Model
and Compelling Unit Economics : We will seek to acquire a business with demonstrated strong financial performance
and a scalable approach to the markets in which it operates. We are looking for a business that generates attractive unit economics and
which can deliver outsized contribution margins at scale. 

Differentiated Offering
and Competitive Market Position : We intend to invest in a business with a sizable, sustainable, competitive
and first mover advantage as well as sizeable market share with growth opportunity. 

Large Addressable Market
with Growth Potential : We will search for a business that operates in a large addressable market with immediate
opportunities for further growth within its current market as well as adjacent markets. We will search for a business with defensible
organic growth drivers and strategic, inorganic growth opportunities, whether through expansion into new products or solutions, verticals
or mergers and acquisitions. 

Value Creation Potential : We
plan to invest in a business that will benefit from our management team s extensive industry networks and expertise. 

Attractive Risk-Adjusted Returns
for our Shareholders : We seek to acquire a business that we believe will offer attractive growth prospects,
benefit from a public market capital structure and provide attractive risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. We will weigh potential
growth opportunities and operational and financial improvements in the acquired business against any identified downside risks. 

Benefit from Access to
Public Markets : We will target a company which will benefit from being publicly traded and can capitalize on
access to the public capital markets to accelerate growth. 

These criteria are not intended
to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial Business Combination may be based, to the extent relevant,
on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event
we decide to enter into an initial Business Combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we
will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications about our initial Business Combination.
This communication would be in the form of tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials that we would file with the SEC. 

3 

Additional Disclosures 

Our Acquisition Process 

We have not selected any Business
Combination target. Certain members of our management team are members of or employed by Silverstein Properties and/or Silvertech Ventures.
By virtue of our Sponsor s relationship and experience with Silverstein Properties and Silvertech Ventures, our Sponsor is continuously
made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue, for a Business Combination. We have reviewed,
and continue, to review a number of opportunities to enter into a Business Combination, but we are unable to determine at this time whether
we will complete a Business Combination with any of the target businesses that we have reviewed or with any other target business. 

Certain of our directors and
officers may have fiduciary and contractual duties to Silverstein Properties, Silvertech Ventures and to certain companies in which Silverstein
Properties and Silvertech Ventures have invested. These entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these entities
decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. Subject to his or her fiduciary duties under
Cayman Islands law, none of the members of our management team have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential
Business Combination of which they become aware. Our Sponsor, its affiliates, and their respective directors and officers are also not
prohibited from competing with us for acquisition opportunities, or sponsoring, investing or otherwise becoming involved with, any other
blank check companies, including in connection with their initial Business Combinations, in each case, prior to us completing our initial
Business Combination. Our management team, in their capacities as directors, officers or employees of our Sponsor or its affiliates or
in their other endeavors, may choose to present potential Business Combinations to the related entities described above, current or future
entities affiliated with or managed by our Sponsor, or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us, subject to his or
her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law and any other applicable fiduciary duties. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer
shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same
or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered
an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer,
on the one hand, and us, on the other. For more information, see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
 Conflicts of Interest. 

Our directors and officers
presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to
which such officer or director is or will be required to present a Business Combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any
of our directors or officers becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has
then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may need to honor these fiduciary or contractual obligations to present
such Business Combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our directors and
officers are also not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest
in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential Business Combinations and monitoring
the related due diligence. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Certain of our directors and officers are now, and all of them
may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and,
accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

We do not believe, however,
that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue
Business Combination opportunities or complete our initial Business Combination. 

Our search for a Business
Combination, ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate
a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and other events and the status of debt and equity
markets. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate,
a Business Combination Our search for a Business Combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business
Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and other events and the status of debt and equity
markets. 

4 

You should not rely on the
historical record of our founders and management s performance as indicative of our future performance. See Item 1A.
Risk Factors The past performance by any member or members of our management team and their respective affiliates, including
Silverstein Properties and Silvertech Ventures, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. 

Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq listing rules require
that our initial Business Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least
80 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting fees and taxes payable on the income earned
on the Trust Account). We refer to this as the 80 fair market value test. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine
the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another
independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not currently intend
to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial Business Combination, although there is no assurance
that will be the case. 

We anticipate structuring
our initial Business Combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire
100 of the issued and outstanding equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial
Business Combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target
business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete
such Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as
an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post-transaction company
owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial Business Combination may collectively
own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our initial Business
Combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for
all of the issued and outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity securities of a target, or issue a substantial number of new shares
to third-parties in connection with financing our initial Business Combination. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling
interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior
to our initial Business Combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial Business
Combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company,
the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 fair market value
test. If our initial Business Combination involves more than one target business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the
aggregate value of all of the target businesses. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason,
we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 fair market value test. 

Competition 

We expect to encounter intense
competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or
investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses
we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting,
directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors
possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively
limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Additionally, the number of blank check companies looking for Business
Combination targets has increased compared to recent years and many of these blank check companies are sponsored by entities or persons
that have significant experience with completing Business Combinations. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could
potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our ability to
compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources.
This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore,
in the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we are obligated to pay cash for our Class A ordinary
shares, it will potentially reduce the resources available to us for our initial Business Combination. Any of these obligations may place
us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a Business Combination. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination
within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

5 

Human Capital 

We currently have two officers
and do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. Members of our management
team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem
necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial Business Combination. The amount of time that any such person will devote
in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial Business Combination and the current
stage of the Business Combination process. 

Item 1.A. Risk Factors. 

An investment in our
securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information
contained in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our securities.
If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In
that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties
described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe
are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Risks Relating to Our Search
for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination 

Our public shareholders
may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our initial Business Combination, which means we may complete our initial Business Combination
even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

We may not hold a shareholder
vote to approve our initial Business Combination unless the Business Combination would require shareholder approval under applicable law
or stock exchange rules or if we decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance, Nasdaq listing rules currently
allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a general meeting, but would still require us to obtain shareholder approval if we were
seeking to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any Business Combination.
Therefore, if we were structuring a Business Combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding shares,
we would seek shareholder approval of such Business Combination. However, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rules,
the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or will allow shareholders to sell their
shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing
of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may
consummate our initial Business Combination even if holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve
of the Business Combination we consummate. 

If we seek shareholder
approval of our initial Business Combination, our initial shareholders, directors and officers have agreed to vote in favor of such initial
Business Combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

Unlike some other blank check
companies in which the initial shareholders agree to vote their Founder Shares (as defined herein) in accordance with the majority of
the votes cast by the public shareholders in connection with an initial Business Combination, our initial shareholders, directors and
officers have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to
vote their Founder Shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial Business Combination. As a result, in addition to
our initial shareholders Founder Shares, we would need 9,375,001, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted),
or 1,562,501, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 25,000,000 public shares sold
in the Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial Business Combination in order to have such initial Business Combination
approved. Our directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement, imposing similar obligations on them with respect to
public shares acquired by them, if any. We expect that our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees will own at least 20 
of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares at the time of any such shareholder vote. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of
our initial Business Combination, it is more likely that the necessary shareholder approval will be received than would be the case if
such persons agreed to vote their Founder Shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public shareholders. In addition,
in the event that our Anchor Investors (as defined below) hold all of the Units that they purchased in the Initial Public Offering until
prior to consummation of the initial Business Combination and vote their public shares in favor of the initial Business Combination, no
affirmative votes from other public shareholders would be required to approve the initial Business Combination. However, our Anchor Investors
are not obligated to continue owning any public shares following the closing of the Initial Public Offering and are not obligated to vote
any public shares in favor of the initial Business Combination. 

6 

Your only opportunity to
affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your
shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of such Business Combination. 

Since our board of directors
may complete a Business Combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to
vote on the Business Combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, if we do not seek shareholder approval, your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination may be limited to exercising your redemption
rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public
shareholders in which we describe our initial Business Combination. 

The ability of our public
shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential Business Combination targets,
which may make it difficult for us to enter into a Business Combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into
a Business Combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net
worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such
closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the Business Combination. The amount of the deferred underwriting
commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a Business Combination
and such amount of deferred underwriting discount is not available for us to use as consideration in an initial Business Combination.
If we are able to consummate an initial Business Combination, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming shareholders
will reflect our obligation to pay and the payment of the deferred underwriting commissions. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our
public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions, or any greater
net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial Business Combination. Consequently,
if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater
amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related Business
Combination and may instead search for an alternate Business Combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus,
may be reluctant to enter into a Business Combination transaction with us. 

The ability of our public
shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable
Business Combination or optimize our capital structure. 

At the time we enter into
an agreement for our initial Business Combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights and, therefore,
we will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption.
If our initial Business Combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price,
or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to meet
such requirements, or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than
we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust Account or arrange
for third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence
of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable Business
Combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. 

7 

The ability of our public
shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial
Business Combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If our initial Business Combination
agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount
of cash at closing, the probability that our initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful increases. If our initial Business Combination
is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in
need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a
discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment
or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the
open market. 

The requirement that we
complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating
a Business Combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential Business Combination targets, in
particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial Business Combination on
terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Any potential target business
with which we enter into negotiations concerning a Business Combination will be aware that we must complete our initial Business Combination
by September 14, 2023 (24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering). Consequently, such target business may obtain
leverage over us in negotiating a Business Combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial Business Combination with that
particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination with any target business. This risk will increase
as we get closer to the end of such time period. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our
initial Business Combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. In July 2021, the SEC charged
a SPAC for misleading disclosures, which could have been corrected with more adequate due diligence, and obtained substantial relief against
the SPAC and its sponsor. Although we will invest in due diligence efforts and commit management time and resources to such efforts, there
can be no assurance that our due diligence will unveil all potential issues with a target business and that we or our sponsor will not
become subject to regulatory actions related to such efforts. 

We may not be able to complete
our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per share,
or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our Sponsor, directors and
officers have agreed that we must complete our initial Business Combination by September 14, 2023 (24 months from the closing of the Initial
Public Offering). We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial Business Combination within such time
period. Our ability to complete our initial Business Combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in
the equity and debt markets and the other risks described herein, including as a result of international hostilities, terrorist attacks,
natural disasters or a significant outbreak of infectious diseases. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic continues both in the U.S.
and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our
ability to complete our initial Business Combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity
and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic and other
events (such as international hostilities, terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases)
may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. 

If we have not completed our
initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or during any Extension Period, we will: (1) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
(less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number
of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following
such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in
each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
In such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per share, or less than 10.00 per share, on the redemption of their shares,
and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account
could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other
risk factors herein. 

8 

Our search for a Business
Combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected
by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and other events and the status of debt and equity markets. 

The COVID-19 outbreak
has adversely affected, and other events (such as international hostilities, terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak
of other infectious diseases) could adversely affect, economies and financial markets worldwide, business operations and the conduct of
commerce generally, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a Business Combination could be, or may
already have been, materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a Business Combination if concerns relating
to COVID-19 or other events restrict travel or limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors, or the target company s
personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to
which COVID-19 impacts our search for a Business Combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot
be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of and perceptions to COVID-19 and its variants
and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other events
(such as international hostilities, terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue
for a prolonged period of time, our ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which we
ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

In addition, our ability to
consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and
other events, including as a result of increased market volatility and decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being
unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

Finally, the COVID-19 pandemic
and other events (such as international hostilities, terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious
diseases) may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Item 1A. Risk Factors section,
such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions. 

If we seek shareholder
approval of our initial Business Combination, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may elect
to purchase shares or warrants from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed Business Combination and reduce the
public float of our securities. 

If we seek shareholder approval
of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may purchase public shares or
warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial Business
Combination. 

Any such price per share may
be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial
Business Combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial Business Combination, subject to applicable securities laws
(including with respect to material nonpublic information), our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates
may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares
in favor of our initial Business Combination or not redeem their public shares. However, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or
any of their respective affiliates are under no obligation or duty to do so and they have no current commitments, plans or intentions
to engage in such purchases or other transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such purchases or other transactions.
The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of our initial Business Combination and thereby increase the likelihood
of obtaining shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target
that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial Business Combination, where it
appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the
number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection
with our initial Business Combination. This may result in the completion of our initial Business Combination that may not otherwise have
been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public float of our securities and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly
making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

9 

If a shareholder fails
to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial Business Combination, or fails to comply with
the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the tender
offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination. Despite our
compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such shareholder may
not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that
we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial Business Combination will describe the various procedures
that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these
procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 

You are not entitled to
protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

We are exempt from certain
rules promulgated by the SEC related to certain blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not afforded
the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial
Business Combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the Initial Public Offering was subject to Rule 419,
that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds in the
Trust Account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial Business Combination. 

If we seek shareholder
approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group 
of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such
shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval
of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with
any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as
defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent.
However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against
our initial Business Combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our
initial Business Combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions.
Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial Business Combination.
And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required
to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

Because of our limited
resources and the significant competition for Business Combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial
Business Combination. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders
may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their shares, and our warrants
will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter intense
competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or
investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses
we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting,
directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors
possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively
limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Additionally, the number of blank check companies looking for Business
Combination targets has increased compared to recent years and many of these blank check companies are sponsored by entities or persons
that have significant experience with completing Business Combinations. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could
potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our ability to
compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources.
This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore,
in the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we are obligated to pay cash for our Class A ordinary
shares, it will potentially reduce the resources available to us for our initial Business Combination. Any of these obligations may place
us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a Business Combination. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination
within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against
us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less
than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

10 

As the number of special
purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for
attractive targets. This could increase the costs associated with completing of our initial Business Combination and could even result
in our inability to find a suitable target or to consummate an initial Business Combination. 

In recent years, the number
of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many companies have entered into Business
Combinations with special purpose acquisition companies, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets
for their initial Business Combination, as well as many additional special purpose acquisition companies currently in registration. As
a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, effort and resources to identify a suitable
target for an initial Business Combination and/or complete our initial Business Combination. 

In addition, because there
are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial Business Combination with available targets, the competition
for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved
financial terms. 

Attractive deals could also
become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions or increases in the cost of additional
capital needed to close Business Combinations or operate targets post-Business Combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or
otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find a suitable target for and/or complete our initial Business Combination. 

If the funds not being
held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months following the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, we may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination. 

The funds available to us
outside of the Trust Account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months following the closing of the
Initial Public Offering, assuming that our initial Business Combination is not completed during that time. We expect to continue to incur
significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need for capital are discussed in Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. However, our affiliates are
not obligated to make loans to us in the future, and we may not be able to raise additional financing from unaffiliated parties necessary
to fund our expenses. Any such event in the future may negatively impact the analysis regarding our ability to continue as a going concern
at such time. 

Of the funds available to
us, we could use a portion of the funds to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use
a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements
designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more
favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed Business Combination, although we do not have any current intention
to do so. If we enter into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business
and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds
to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we have not completed our initial Business
Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain
circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring
claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders
may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

11 

Changes in the market for
directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial
Business Combination. 

Recently, the market for directors
and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team.
Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have
generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. 

The increased cost and decreased
availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete
an initial Business Combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming
a public company, the post-Business Combination entity might need to incur greater expense and/or accept less favorable terms. Furthermore,
any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-Business Combination s
ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In addition, after completion
of any initial Business Combination, our directors and officers could be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct
alleged to have occurred prior to such initial Business Combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the
post-Business Combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ).
Finally, the Amended Office Space and Indemnification Agreement (as defined below) requires us to maintain directors and officers 
liability insurance naming Larry A. Silverstein and Lisa Silverstein as insureds, and to have in place, as of our initial Business Combination
or our liquidation, fully pre-paid and non-cancellable 6-year tail insurance. The need for the insurance
contemplated by the Amended Office Space and Indemnification Agreement is, and the need for run-off insurance would be, an added
expense for the post-Business Combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination
on terms favorable to our investors. 

If third parties bring
claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders
may be less than 10.00 per share. 

Our placing of funds in the
Trust Account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service
providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which
we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust
Account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements
they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach
of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order
to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses
to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives
available to it and will enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver only if management believes that such
third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target
businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute
such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. 

Examples of possible instances
where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular
expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute
a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that
such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we
have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection
with our initial Business Combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may
be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public
shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors. 

12 

Our Sponsor has agreed that
it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm)
for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction
agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (1) 10.00 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per
public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust
assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a
waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of
the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an
executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability
for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity
obligations and believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our Company. Our Sponsor may not have sufficient funds
available to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such obligations, and therefore, no funds are currently
set aside to cover any such obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available
for our initial Business Combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not
be able to complete our initial Business Combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per public share in connection with any
redemption of your public shares. None of our directors or officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation,
claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Our directors may decide
not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available
for distribution to our public shareholders. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (1) 10.00 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share
held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in
each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose
not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders
may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 

The securities in which
we invest the funds held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held
in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

The proceeds held in the Trust
Account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds
meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury
obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly
yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years,
and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies
in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination or make certain amendments to
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share
of the proceeds held in the Trust Account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to
complete our initial Business Combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in
trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. Negative interest
rates could also reduce the amount of funds we have available to complete our initial Business Combination. 

13 

If, after we distribute
the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and
the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members
of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the
proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable
debtor/creditor and/or insolvency laws as a voidable performance. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts
received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors
and/or having acted in bad faith by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby
exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, before distributing
the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority
over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our
liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the
proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, (i) the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over
the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our
liquidation may be reduced, and (ii) the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable insolvency law, and may
be included in our liquidation estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To
the extent any liquidation claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders
in connection with our liquidation would be reduced. 

If we are deemed to be
an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities
may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination. 

If we are deemed to be an
investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities; 

each of which may make it difficult for us to
complete our initial Business Combination. 

In addition, we may have imposed
upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that
we are currently not subject to. 

14 

We do not believe that our
anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the Trust Account may be invested
by the trustee only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely
in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Because the investment of
the proceeds will be restricted to these instruments, we believe we will meet the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory
burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a Business Combination.
If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Changes in laws or regulations
or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect
our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination, and results of operations. 

We are and will be subject
to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC
and other legal requirements, our Business Combination may be contingent on our ability to comply with certain laws and regulations and
any post-Business Combination company may be subject to additional laws and regulations. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable
laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application
may also change from time to time, including as a result of changes in economic, political, social and government policies, and those
changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination,
and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have
a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination, and results
of operations. 

If we have not completed
our initial Business Combination within the allotted time period, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such allotted time
period before redemption from our Trust Account. 

If we have not completed our
initial Business Combination by September 14, 2023 (24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering) or during any Extension
Period, we will distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption
and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders
from the Trust Account shall be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to windup, liquidate the Trust Account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata,
to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable
provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the allotted time period before the redemption proceeds
of our Trust Account become available to them and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our Trust Account.
We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate
our initial Business Combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and then
only in cases where investors have properly sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation
will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time
period and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior thereto. 

Our shareholders may be
held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

If we are forced to enter
into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that
immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course
of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors
may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing
themselves and our Company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.
We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and
willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as
they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offense and may be liable for a fine of up to approximately 18,300
and to imprisonment for up to five years in the Cayman Islands. 

15 

We may not hold an annual
general meeting until after the consummation of our initial Business Combination. Our public shareholders will not have the right to elect
or remove directors prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination. 

In accordance with Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end
following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings
to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to discuss Company
affairs with management. In addition, as holders of our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right
to vote on the appointment of directors prior to consummation of our initial Business Combination. In addition, holders of a majority
of our Founder Shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

The grant of registration
rights to our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees may make it more difficult to complete our initial Business Combination,
and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Pursuant to a registration
rights agreement entered into in connection with the Initial Public Offering, at or after the time of our initial Business Combination,
our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of their founder shares after those shares
convert to our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our Sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale
of the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, and holders
of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register the resale of such warrants or the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration
and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market
price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial Business Combination
more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek
in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A ordinary
shares that is expected when the ordinary shares owned by our initial shareholders or their permitted transferees, our Private Placement
Warrants or warrants issued in connection with working capital loans are registered for resale. 

Because we are not limited
to a particular industry, sector or geographic area or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial Business Combination,
you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

We may seek to complete a
Business Combination with an operating company of any size (subject to our satisfaction of the 80 fair market value test) and in any
industry, sector or geographic area. However, we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted
to effectuate our initial Business Combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Unless
and until we have disclosed a specific target business with respect to a Business Combination, there will be no basis to evaluate the
possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial
condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial Business Combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the
business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established
record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or development
stage entity. Although our directors and officers will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot
assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete
due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances
that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately
prove to be less favorable to our investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a Business Combination target.
Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder, respectively, following our initial
Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely to
have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

16 

We may seek acquisition
opportunities in industries outside of our management s areas of expertise. 

We will consider a Business
Combination in industries outside of our management s areas of expertise, if a Business Combination candidate is presented to us
and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our Company. In the event we elect to pursue an
acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable
to its evaluation or operation, and our management s expertise may not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect
to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors relevant
to such acquisition. Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder, respectively,
following our initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Although we have identified
general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial
Business Combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we
enter into our initial Business Combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified
general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter
into our initial Business Combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial Business Combination
with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination
with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective Business Combination
with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights,
which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or
a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing
requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder
approval of our initial Business Combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not
completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00
per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We may seek acquisition
opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings. 

To the extent we complete
our initial Business Combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record
of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks
include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings,
intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our directors and officers will endeavor to evaluate
the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors
and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave
us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

17 

We may engage one or more
of the underwriters from our Initial Public Offering or any of their affiliates to provide additional services to us, which may include
acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial Business Combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing
transaction. The underwriters are entitled to receive deferred commissions that will be released from the trust only on a completion of
an initial Business Combination. This financial incentive may cause the underwriters to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering
any such additional services to us, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial Business Combination. 

We may engage one or more
of the underwriters from our Initial Public Offering or their affiliates to provide additional services to us, including, for example,
identifying potential targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging
debt financing. We may pay the underwriters or their affiliates fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined
at that time in an arm s length negotiation. The underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned
on the completion of an initial Business Combination. The fact that the underwriters or any of their affiliates financial interests
are tied to the consummation of a Business Combination may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional
services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial Business Combination. 

We are not required to
obtain an opinion regarding fairness. Consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying
for the business is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our initial
Business Combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion that the price we are paying is fair to our Company
from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors,
who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed
in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial Business Combination. 

Any due diligence in connection
with an initial Business Combination may not reveal all relevant considerations or liabilities of a target business, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 

The due diligence undertaken
with respect to a potential initial Business Combination may not reveal all relevant facts that may be necessary to evaluate such transaction
or to formulate a business strategy. Furthermore, the information provided during due diligence may not be adequate or accurate. As part
of the due diligence process, we will also make subjective judgments regarding the results of operations, financial condition and prospects
of a potential initial Business Combination, and these judgments may be inaccurate. 

Due diligence conducted in
connection with an initial Business Combination may not result in the initial Business Combination being successful. If the due diligence
investigation fails to identify material information regarding an opportunity, or if we consider such material risks to be commercially
acceptable relative to the opportunity, and we proceed with an initial Business Combination, our Company may subsequently incur substantial
impairment charges or other losses. In addition, following an initial Business Combination, we may be subject to significant, previously
undisclosed liabilities of the acquired business that were not identified during due diligence and which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We may issue additional
Class A ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after
completion of our initial Business Combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the Class B
ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions
contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders
and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000
Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 undesignated preferred shares, par value 0.0001 per share. As
of December 31, 2022, there were 154,812,500 and 13,750,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary
shares, respectively, available for issuance, which amount takes into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding
warrants but not upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares. Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary
shares, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein. As of December 31, 2022, there were no preferred
shares issued and outstanding. 

18 

We may issue a substantial
number of additional Class A ordinary shares, and may issue preferred shares, in order to complete our initial Business Combination
or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial Business Combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares
to redeem the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our
initial Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to our
initial Business Combination, we may not issue additional ordinary shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds
from the Trust Account or (2) vote as a class with our public shares on any initial Business Combination. The issuance of additional
ordinary shares or preferred shares: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of public investors, which dilution would increase if the
anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one
basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if preferred shares are issued with rights senior
to those afforded our ordinary shares; 

could cause a change of control if a substantial number of our ordinary shares is issued, which may affect,
among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of
our present directors and officers; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership
or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units, ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

Our initial Business Combination
or reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders. 

We may, subject to requisite
shareholder approval by special resolution under the Companies Act, effect a Business Combination with a target company in another jurisdiction,
reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located, reincorporate, migrate to or merge with and into
another entity as surviving company in another jurisdiction. Such transactions may result in tax liability for a shareholder or warrant
holder in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident (or in which its members are resident if it is
a tax transparent entity), in which the target company is located, or in which we reincorporate, migrate to or merge with and into another
entity as surviving company. In the event of a reincorporation, migration or merger pursuant to our initial Business Combination, such
tax liability may attach prior to any consummation of redemptions. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to pay such taxes. 

Failure to maintain our
status as tax resident solely in the Cayman Islands could adversely affect our financial and operating results. Our intention is that
prior to our initial Business Combination we should be resident solely in the Cayman Islands. 

Continued attention must be
paid to ensure that major decisions by the Company are not made from another jurisdiction, since this could cause us to lose our status
as tax resident solely in the Cayman Islands. The composition of the board of directors, the place of residence of the individual members
of the board of directors and the location(s) in which the board of directors makes decisions will all be important factors in determining
and maintaining our tax residence in the Cayman Islands. If we were to be considered as tax resident within another jurisdiction, we may
be subject to additional tax in that jurisdiction, which could negatively affect our financial and operating results, and/or our shareholders 
or warrant holders investment returns could be subject to additional or increased taxes (including withholding taxes). 

19 

Resources could be wasted
in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire
or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public
shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of
our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation
of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments
will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not
to complete a specific initial Business Combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not
be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial Business
Combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs
incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have
not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We may engage in a Business
Combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, directors
or officers which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement
of our Sponsor, directors and officers with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor,
directors and officers. Certain of our directors and officers also serve as officers and/or board members for other entities, including
those described under Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest. 
Such entities may compete with us for Business Combination opportunities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting,
any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our
criteria and guidelines for a Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested
directors. Despite our agreement that we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another valuation or appraisal firm that regularly renders fairness opinions on the type of target business
we are seeking to acquire, regarding the fairness to our Company from a financial point of view of a Business Combination with one or
more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, directors or officers, potential conflicts of interest still may
exist and, as a result, the terms of the Business Combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent
any conflicts of interest. 

Since our initial shareholders
and Anchor Investors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial Business Combination is not completed (other than with respect
to any public shares they may acquire during or after the Initial Public Offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether
a particular Business Combination target is appropriate for our initial Business Combination. 

Our initial shareholders collectively
beneficially own 6,250,000 Founder Shares as of the date of this Annual Report, including 6,125,000 held by our Sponsor. The Founder Shares
will be worthless if we do not complete an initial Business Combination. 

Additionally, the Anchor Investors
have entered into separate agreements with our Sponsor pursuant to which, subject to the conditions set forth therein, such investors
agreed to purchase equity interests in our Sponsor representing an indirect beneficial interest in Founder Shares upon closing of the
Initial Public Offering. As a result of the indirect beneficial interest in Founder Shares that our Anchor Investors may hold, they may
have different interests with respect to a vote on an initial Business Combination than other public shareholders. 

In addition, our Sponsor beneficially
owns an aggregate of 4,666,667 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable for one Class A ordinary share, for a purchase price
of 7,000,000 in the aggregate, or 1.50 per warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete a Business Combination. Each Private
Placement Warrant may be exercised for one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. 

20 

The Founder Shares are identical
to the ordinary shares included in the Units except that: (1) prior to our initial Business Combination, only holders of the Founder
Shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our Founder Shares may remove a member of our
board of directors for any reason; (2) the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions; (3) our initial shareholders,
directors and officers have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive: (i) their redemption
rights with respect to any Founder Shares and public shares held by them, as applicable, in connection with the completion of our initial
Business Combination; (ii) their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and public shares held by them in connection
with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing
of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we
do not complete our initial Business Combination by September 14, 2023 (24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering) or
(B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity;
and (iii) their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares they hold if we fail
to complete our initial Business Combination within by September 14, 2023 (24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering)
or during any Extension Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any
public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame); (4) the Founder Shares
will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial Business Combination, or earlier at the option
of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described in more
detail below; and (5) the Founder Shares are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial Business Combination to our
public shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms
of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote their Founder Shares and any public shares held by them purchased during or after
the Initial Public Offering in favor of our initial Business Combination. 

The personal and financial
interests of our Sponsor, directors and officers may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target Business Combination,
completing an initial Business Combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial Business Combination. This
risk may become more acute as the deadline to complete our initial Business Combination nears. 

The value of the Founder
Shares following completion of our initial Business Combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them,
even if the trading price of our shares of common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share. 

Our Sponsor has invested in
us an aggregate of 7,025,000, comprised of the 25,000 purchase price for the Founder Shares and the 7,000,000 purchase price for the
Private Placement Warrants. Assuming a trading price of 10.00 per share upon consummation of our initial Business Combination, the 6,250,000
Founder Shares would have an aggregate implied value of 62,500,000. Even if the trading price of our shares of common stock were as low
as approximately 1.12 per share, and the Private Placement Warrants were worthless, the value of the Founder Shares would be equal to
the Sponsor s initial investment in us. As a result, our Sponsor is likely to be able to make a substantial profit on its investment
in us at a time when our Public Shares have lost significant value and our warrants are worthless. Accordingly, our management team, some
of whom own interests in our Sponsor, may be more willing to pursue a business combination with a riskier or less-established target business
than would be the case if our Sponsor had paid the same per share price for the Founder Shares as our Public Stockholders paid for their
Public Shares. 

21 

We may issue notes or other
debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a Business Combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and
financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

We may choose to incur substantial
debt to complete our initial Business Combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from
the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance
of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could
have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial Business Combination
are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation
of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our
ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal
and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures,
acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and
adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less
debt. 

22 

We may be able to complete
only one Business Combination with the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, which will
cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification
may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

We may effectuate our initial
Business Combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However,
we may not be able to effectuate our initial Business Combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including
the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that
present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By
completing our initial Business Combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous financial,
economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading
of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several Business Combinations in different
industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes
or services. 

This lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous financial, economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact
upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial Business Combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously
complete Business Combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial Business Combination
and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously
acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its
business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other Business Combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay
our ability, to complete our initial Business Combination. With multiple Business Combinations, we could also face additional risks, including
additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers)
and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies
in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results
of operations. 

We may attempt to complete
our initial Business Combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a Business Combination
with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our acquisition
strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial Business Combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally
exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial Business Combination
on the basis of limited information, which may result in a Business Combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected,
if at all. 

We do not have a specified
maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a Business Combination
with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association do not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public
shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions, or any greater net
tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial Business Combination. As a result, we
may be able to complete our initial Business Combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with
the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and do not conduct
redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated
agreements to sell their shares to our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates. In the event the
aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all public shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount
required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available
to us, we will not complete the Business Combination or redeem any shares, and all ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned
to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate Business Combination. 

23 

In order to effectuate
an initial Business Combination, blank check companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing
instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial Business Combination
that some of our shareholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate an
initial Business Combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified
governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of Business
Combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial Business Combination and, with respect to
their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of
Cayman Islands law. A resolution is deemed to be a special resolution as a matter of Cayman Islands law where it has been approved by
either (1) holders of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of
a company s ordinary shares at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special
resolution has been given or (2) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution
of all of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions
must be approved either by holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting (i.e.,
the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law) (other than amendments relating to provisions governing the appointment or
removal of directors prior to our initial Business Combination, which require the approval of a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary
shares attending and voting in a general meeting), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. The warrant agreement
provides that (a) the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any
ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the
warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the prospectus related to the Initial Public Offering, or defective provision or (ii) adding
or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement
may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants
and (b) all other modifications or amendments require the vote or written consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public
warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement
with respect to the Private Placement Warrants, at least 50 of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants. We cannot assure you
that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments, including the
warrant agreement, or extend the time to consummate an initial Business Combination in order to effectuate our initial Business Combination.
To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through this
registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. 

Certain provisions of our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-Business Combination activity (and corresponding provisions
of the agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of
our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check
companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust
agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial Business Combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Some other blank check companies
have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s
pre-Business Combination activity, without approval by holders of a certain percentage of the company s shares. In those companies,
amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by holders holding between 90 and 100 of the company s public shares.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions, including those related to pre-Business
Combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants
into the Trust Account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances), may be amended if approved by holders of at least
two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing
the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our ordinary shares (other than amendments
relating to provisions governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial Business Combination, which require the
approval of a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares attending and voting in a general meeting). Our initial shareholders, who
collectively beneficially own 20 of our ordinary shares, may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be
able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-Business Combination
behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete our initial Business Combination
with which you do not agree. In certain circumstances, our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association. 

24 

We may be unable to obtain
additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could
compel us to restructure or abandon a particular Business Combination. 

If the net proceeds of the
Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants available to us prove to be insufficient, either because of the
size of our initial Business Combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to
redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination
or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial Business Combination, we may be required to
seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed Business Combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available
on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial Business
Combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular Business Combination and seek an alternative
target business candidate. 

In addition, even if we do
not need additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth
of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or
growth of the target business. None of our directors, officers or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection
with or after our initial Business Combination. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period,
our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust
Account, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our initial shareholders
will control the appointment of our board of directors until consummation of our initial Business Combination and will hold a substantial
interest in us. As a result, they will appoint all of our directors prior to our initial Business Combination and may exert a substantial
influence on actions requiring shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Our initial shareholders own
20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. In addition, prior to our initial Business Combination, holders of the Founder Shares
will have the right to appoint all of our directors and may remove members of our board of directors for any reason. Holders of our public
shares will have no right to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares attending
and voting in a general meeting. As a result, you will not have any influence over the appointment of directors prior to our initial Business
Combination. 

In addition, as a result of
their substantial ownership in our Company, our initial shareholders may exert a substantial influence on other actions requiring a shareholder
vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial shareholders purchase any Class A ordinary shares in the open market
or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their influence over these actions. Accordingly, our initial shareholders
will exert significant influence over actions requiring a shareholder vote at least until the completion of our initial Business Combination. 

25 

A provision of our warrant
agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business Combination. 

Unlike some blank check companies,
if 

we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share
(with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such
issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), 

the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds,
and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial Business Combination on the date of the completion of our initial Business
Combination (net of redemptions), and 

the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period
starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, 

then the exercise price of the warrants will be
adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price
applicable to our warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly
Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price applicable to our warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be
equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business
Combination with a target business. 

Our warrants and Founder
Shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our
initial Business Combination. 

We have issued warrants to
purchase 8,333,333 Class A ordinary shares, at a price of 11.50 per whole share (subject to adjustment), as part of the Units and,
simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering we issued in the private placement an aggregate of 4,666,667 Private Placement
Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Our initial shareholders
currently hold 6,250,000 Class B ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares
on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our Sponsor, an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain
of our directors and officers make any working capital loans, up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants, at the price
of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. To the extent we
issue Class A ordinary shares to effectuate a Business Combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional
Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants or conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle
to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the
value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the Business Combination. Therefore, our warrants and Founder Shares may
make it more difficult to effectuate a Business Combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. As of December 31,
2022, there was 24,000 outstanding in working capital loans. 

The Private Placement Warrants
are identical to the warrants sold as part of the Units except that, so long as they are held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees:
(1) they will not be redeemable by us (except under certain limited exceptions); (2) they (including the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our Sponsor
until 30 days after the completion of our initial Business Combination; (3) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless
basis; and (4) they (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are entitled to registration rights. 

26 

Because we must furnish our shareholders with
target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial Business Combination with
some prospective target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require
that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a Business Combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical
and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection
with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required
to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IFRS ),
depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may
limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in
time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial Business Combination
within the prescribed time frame. 

Compliance obligations
under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a Business Combination, require substantial financial and
management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Only in the
event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will
we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial
reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly
burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial Business Combination
may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development
of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary
to complete any such acquisition. 

If our management team
pursues a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial Business Combination, we may face
additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such combination, and if we effect such initial Business
Combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If our management team pursues
a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial Business Combination, we would be subject
to risks associated with cross-border Business Combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing
our initial Business Combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign market, having such transaction approved by any local governments,
regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If we effect our initial Business
Combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an
international setting (including how relevant governments respond to such factors), including any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with commercial,
and legal requirements of overseas markets; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future Business Combinations may be effected; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

27 

longer payment cycles; 

tax consequences, such as tax law changes, including termination or reduction of tax and other incentives
that the applicable government provides to domestic companies, and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls, including devaluations and other exchange rate movements; 

rates of inflation, price instability and interest rate fluctuations; 

liquidity of domestic capital and lending markets; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

energy shortages; 

public health or safety concerns and related governmental restrictions, including those caused by outbreaks
of disease such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 

crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, wars and other forms
of social instability; 

deterioration of political relations with the United States; 

obligatory military service by personnel; and 

government appropriation of assets. 

We may not be able to adequately
address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such combination or, if we complete such combination,
our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

If we effect our initial
Business Combination with a company with operations or opportunities in Israel or elsewhere outside of the United States, we would
be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we effect our initial Business
Combination with a company with operations or opportunities in Israel or elsewhere outside of the United States, we would be subject
to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with commercial
and legal requirements of overseas markets; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future Business Combinations may be effected; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

28 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax consequences, such as tax law changes, including termination or reduction of tax and other incentives
that the applicable government provides to domestic companies, and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls, including devaluations and other exchange rate movements; 

rates of inflation, price instability and interest rate fluctuations; 

liquidity of domestic capital and lending markets; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

energy shortages; 

crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, wars and other forms
of social instability; 

deterioration of political relations with the United States; 

obligation of personnel to perform military service; and 

government appropriation of assets. 

We may not be able to adequately
address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely impact our results of operations
and financial condition. 

Since our Anchor Investors
will have an indirect beneficial interest in Founder Shares held by the Sponsor, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether
a particular target business is appropriate for our initial Business Combination. 

Our Anchor Investors are also
members of our Sponsor with an indirect beneficial interest in Founder Shares held by our Sponsor. These investors, through their interests
in the Sponsor, will share in any appreciation of the Founder Shares, provided that we successfully complete a Business Combination. Accordingly,
these investors interests in the Founder Shares held by our Sponsor may provide them with an incentive to vote any public shares
they own in favor of a Business Combination, and make a substantial profit on such interests, even if the Business Combination is with
a target that ultimately declines in value and is not profitable for other public shareholders. 

29 

Risks Relating to the Post-Business
Combination Company 

Subsequent to our completion
of our initial Business Combination, we may be required to subsequently take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or
other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities,
which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive
due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that
may be present with a particular target business that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of
due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors,
we may be forced to later write down or write off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could
result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously
known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items
and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market
perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which
we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt
financing. Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder, respectively, following
our initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are
unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

After our initial Business
Combination, our results of operations and prospects could be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social
developments and conditions, as well as government policies, in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and
social developments and conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our
business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained
in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may
be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely
affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial Business Combination and if we effect our
initial Business Combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

Our management may not
be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial Business Combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of
control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such
business. 

We may structure our initial
Business Combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of
the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will complete such Business Combination only if the post-transaction company
owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest
in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We
will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the
voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest
in the post Business Combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our initial Business Combination transaction.
For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new ordinary shares in exchange for all of the issued
and outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity securities of a target, or issue a substantial number of new shares to third-parties in
connection with financing our initial Business Combination. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as
a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could
own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders
may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the Company s shares
than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of
the target business. 

30 

We may have limited ability to assess the management
of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial Business Combination with a target business whose management
may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability
of effecting our initial Business Combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management
may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore,
may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s
management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability
of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain
a shareholder or warrant holder, respectively, following our initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their
securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

The directors and officers
of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial Business Combination. The departure of a Business Combination target s
key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition
candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial Business Combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we
contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate
following our initial Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to
remain in place. 

After our initial Business
Combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all or substantially
all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws
or their other legal rights. 

It is possible that after
our initial Business Combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all or substantially
all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible,
for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers
or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers
under United States laws. 

If our management following
our initial Business Combination is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar
with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following our initial Business
Combination, any or all of our management could resign from their positions as officers of the Company, and the management of the target
business at the time of the Business Combination could remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with U.S.
securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar
with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect
our operations. 

Risks Relating to Our Management
Team 

We are dependent upon our
directors and officers and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent
upon a relatively small group of individuals and in particular, Mr. Kerret, who serves as our Chairman and Chief Financial Officer,
and Mr. Federman, who serves as our Chief Executive Officer. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our
directors and officers, at least until we have completed our initial Business Combination. In addition, our directors and officers are
not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their
time among various business activities, including identifying potential Business Combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.
For a discussion of certain of our officers and directors other business endeavors, please see Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life
of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental
effect on us. 

31 

Our ability to successfully
effect our initial Business Combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some
of whom may join us following our initial Business Combination. The loss of our or a target s key personnel could negatively impact
the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully
effect our initial Business Combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target
business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management
or advisory positions following our initial Business Combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business
will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial Business Combination, we cannot
assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements
of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with
such requirements. 

In addition, the directors
and officers of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial Business Combination. The departure of a Business Combination
target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role
of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial Business Combination cannot be ascertained at this
time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the
acquisition candidate following our initial Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate
will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our key personnel may negotiate
employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular Business Combination. These agreements may
provide for them to receive compensation following our initial Business Combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts
of interest in determining whether a particular Business Combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able
to remain with the Company after the completion of our initial Business Combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting
agreements in connection with the Business Combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the
Business Combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities
for services they would render to us after the completion of our initial Business Combination. The personal and financial interests of
such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to his or her fiduciary duties
under Cayman Islands law. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial Business
Combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential Business Combination.
There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial Business Combination.
We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as
to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial Business Combination. 

Our directors and officers
will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote
to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. 

Our directors and officers
are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their
time between our operations and our search for a Business Combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees
prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. Each of our officers and directors may be engaged in several other business
endeavors for which he may be entitled to, or otherwise expect to receive, substantial compensation or other economic benefit and our
officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Certain of our directors
and officers also serve as officers and/or board members for other entities. If our directors and officers other business
endeavors require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such endeavors in excess of their current commitment levels, it could
limit their ability to devote time to our affairs, which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial Business Combination.
For a discussion of certain of our officers and directors other business endeavors, please see Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

32 

Certain of our directors
and officers are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those
intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
should be presented. 

Until we consummate our initial
Business Combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our Sponsor and officers
are, or may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business. In addition, certain of our directors
are affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business and in the future also expect to become affiliated with other entities
that are engaged in a similar business. For example, Mr. Kerret is the President of Silverstein Properties and Mr. Federman
and Mr. Kerret also partnered to found Silvertech Ventures and currently serve as Managing Members of Silvertech Ventures. Each of
the foregoing may have fiduciary and contractual duties to Silverstein Properties and/or Silvertech Ventures and certain companies in
which Silverstein Properties and Silvertech Ventures have invested. Our Sponsor and directors and officers are not prohibited from competing
with us for acquisition opportunities, or sponsoring, investing or otherwise becoming involved with, any other blank check companies,
including in connection with their initial Business Combinations, in each case, prior to us completing our initial Business Combination,
and any such involvement may result in conflicts of interests as described above. Any other special purpose acquisition company may also
have terms that are the same or different than our terms, including terms that are more favorable to its investors and/or potential target
businesses. Moreover, entities in which our directors and officers are affiliated with may enter into agreements or other arrangements
with businesses, which agreements or arrangements may limit or restrict our ability to enter into a Business Combination with such business. 

Our directors and officers
also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe
certain fiduciary or contractual duties or otherwise have an interest in, including Silverstein Properties and Silvertech Ventures and
any other special purpose acquisition company in which they may become involved with. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest
in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor
and a potential target business may be presented to other entities prior to its presentation to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties
under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly
assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as
us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction
or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

For a discussion of our officers 
and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance, Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
 Conflicts of Interest and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions Amended Office Space
and Indemnification Agreement. 

Our directors, officers,
security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy
that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or their respective affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary
or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest.
In fact, we may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors, officers,
security holders or their respective affiliates. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their
own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. For example, Silverstein Properties, Silvertech Ventures, our officers
and directors who are affiliated with Silverstein Properties, Silvertech Ventures or their respective affiliates, may directly seek Business
Combinations or sponsor or form other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial Business
Combination. In particular, Silverstein Properties, Silvertech Ventures and their respective affiliates operate and have invested in numerous
businesses. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. In particular, affiliates of our
Sponsor have interests in a diverse set of industries. As a result, there may be substantial overlap between companies that would be a
suitable Business Combination for us and companies that would make an attractive target for such other affiliates. 

33 

Our letter agreements with
our initial shareholders, officers and directors may be amended without shareholder approval. 

Our letter agreements with
our initial shareholders, officers and directors contain provisions relating to, among other things, restrictions on transfer of our Founder
Shares and Private Placement Warrants, indemnification of the Trust Account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account. The letter agreement may be amended without shareholder approval. While we do not expect our board
of directors to approve any amendment to the letter agreement prior to our initial Business Combination, it may be possible that our board
of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to the
letter agreements. Any such amendments to the letter agreements would not require approval from our shareholders and may have an adverse
effect on the value of an investment in our securities. 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

You will not have any rights
or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you
may be forced to sell your public shares and/or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public shareholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) our completion of an initial Business
Combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject
to the limitations described herein; (2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder
vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to allow redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our
initial Business Combination by September 14, 2023 (24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering) or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; and (3) the redemption
of our public shares if we have not completed an initial Business Combination by September 14, 2023 (24 months from the closing of the
Initial Public Offering), subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind
to or in the Trust Account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to the
warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares and/or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities
from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional
trading restrictions. 

We cannot assure you that
our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial Business
Combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum number of
holders of our securities (generally 300 public shareholders). Additionally, in connection with our initial Business Combination, we will
be required to demonstrate compliance with the applicable exchange s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than
continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities. We cannot assure you that we will be able
to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

If any of our securities are
delisted from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such
securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences,
including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

34 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers
trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in
the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets
Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or pre-empts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities,
which are referred to as covered securities. Our Units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants currently qualify as covered
securities under such statute. Although the states are pre-empted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute
does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then
the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these
powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by special purpose acquisition companies, other than the State of Idaho,
certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers,
to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities
would not qualify as covered securities under such statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities,
including in connection with our initial Business Combination, which may negatively impact our ability to consummate our initial Business
Combination. 

You will not be permitted
to exercise your warrants unless we register and qualify the issuance of the underlying Class A ordinary shares or certain exemptions
are available. 

If the issuance of the Class A
ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities
Act and applicable state securities laws, holders of warrants will not be entitled to exercise such warrants and such warrants may have
no value and expire worthless. 

Pursuant to terms of the warrant
agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial Business
Combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file a registration statement covering the issuance of such shares, and
we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our
initial Business Combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those
Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example,
any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus,
the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop
order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements,
we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of Class A ordinary
shares that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 Class A
ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will
not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise
is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available.
Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities
exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act,
we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance
with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a
registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky
laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities
or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants
under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not
so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise
such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a
purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There
may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our Private Placement Warrants to exercise their warrants
while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants that were included as part of the Units. In such an
instance, our Sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers) would be able to exercise
their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise
their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption
right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities
laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. 

35 

We may amend the terms
of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the
then outstanding public warrants. 

Our warrants will be issued
in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The
warrant agreement provides that (a) the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of
(i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description
of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the prospectus related to the Initial Public Offering, or defective
provision or (ii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the
parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered
holders of the warrants and (b) all other modifications or amendments require the vote or written consent of at least 50 of the
then outstanding public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants or any provision
of the warrant agreement with respect to the Private Placement Warrants, at least 50 of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants.
Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding
public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least
50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase
the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of
a warrant. 

We may redeem your unexpired
warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem
the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant if,
among other things, the last reported sale price of Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending
on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the Reference
Value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted). If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our
redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities
laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption
of the outstanding warrants as described above could force you to: (1) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor
at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so; (2) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you
might otherwise wish to hold your warrants; or (3) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants
are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. 

In addition, we have the ability
to redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant
if, among other things, the Reference Value equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted). In such a case, the holders will be able
to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and
the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than
the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher
and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is
capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. 

36 

Because each unit contains
one-third of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the Units may be worth less than Units of other blank check
companies. 

Each unit contains one-third of
one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units, and only
whole warrants will trade. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole
warrant or a greater fraction of one whole warrant to purchase one share. We have established the components of the Units in this way
in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a Business Combination since the warrants will be exercisable
in the aggregate for a third of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share,
thus making us, we believe, a more attractive Business Combination partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this Unit structure may
cause our Units to be worth less than if they included one whole warrant or a greater fraction of one whole warrant to purchase one whole
share. 

Our management s
ability to require holders of our Public Warrants to exercise such Public Warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer
Class A ordinary shares upon their exercise of the Public Warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their
Public Warrants for cash. 

If we call our Public Warrants
for redemption after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this Annual Report have been satisfied, our management will have the
option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant (including any warrants held by our Sponsor, officers, directors or their
permitted transferees) to do so on a cashless basis. If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their warrants
on a cashless basis, the number of Class A ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had
such holder exercised his, her or its warrant for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the
holder s investment in our Company. 

Because we are incorporated
under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights
through the U.S. Federal courts may be limited. 

We are an exempted company
incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within
the United States upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors
or officers. 

Our corporate affairs will
be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or
amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors,
actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent
governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial
precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are
not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under
Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States.
In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such
as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may
not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. 

We have been advised by our
Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (1) to recognize or enforce against us judgments
of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States
or any state; and (2) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil
liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those
provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments
obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign
court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes
upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign
judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in
respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds
of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the
Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay
enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

37 

As a result of all of the
above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members
of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 

Our warrant agreement designates
the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole
and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the
ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our Company. 

Our warrant agreement provides
that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant
agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction
shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and
that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this
provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section
22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
these provisions of the warrant agreement do not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or
any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Section 27
of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange
Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants
shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter
of which is within the scope of the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of
New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in
the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state
and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum
provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement
action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This choice-of-forum provision
may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our Company,
which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable
with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations
and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

Provisions in our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing
to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be
in their best interests. These provisions include two-year director terms and the ability of our board of directors to designate
the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions
that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

38 

Since only holders of our
Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company 
within the meaning of Nasdaq listing rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. 

Only holders of our Founder
Shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company 
within the meaning of Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than
50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to
comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under Nasdaq
listing rules; 

we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with
a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent
directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 

We do not intend to utilize
these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However,
if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders
of companies that are subject to all of Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. 

Our warrants are accounted
for as derivative liabilities and are recorded at fair value with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have
an adverse effect on the market price of our shares or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business Combination. 

We have issued 8,333,333 warrants
as part of the Units offered by the prospectus related to the Initial Public Offering and, we have issued in a private placement, 4,666,667
Private Placement Warrants. In our condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 contained elsewhere in this Annual Report,
we account for both the warrants underlying the Units and the Private Placement Warrants as a warrant liability. At each reporting period
(1) the accounting treatment of the warrants will be re-evaluated for proper accounting treatment as a liability or equity and (2)
the fair value of the liability of the public and private warrants will be remeasured and the change in the fair value of the liability
will be recorded as other income (expense) in our income statement. Changes in the inputs and assumptions for the valuation model we use
to determine the fair value of such liability may have a material impact on the estimated fair value of the embedded derivative liability.
The share price of our Class A shares represents the primary underlying variable that impacts the value of the derivative instruments.
Additional factors that impact the value of the derivative instruments include the volatility of our share price, discount rates and stated
interest rates. As a result, our consolidated financial statements and results of operations will fluctuate quarterly, based on various
factors, such as the share price of our Class A shares, many of which are outside of our control. In addition, we may change the underlying
assumptions used in our valuation model, which could result in significant fluctuations in our results of operations. If our share price
is volatile, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our warrants or any other similar derivative instruments
each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may
have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A shares. In addition, potential targets may seek a special purpose acquisition
company that does not have warrants that are accounted for as a liability, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial
Business Combination with a target business. 

39 

General Risk Factors 

We are a newly incorporated
company with no operating history and no operating revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business
objective. 

We are a newly incorporated
company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no
basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial Business Combination with one or
more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a Business Combination
and may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination. If we fail to complete our initial Business Combination, we will never
generate any operating revenues. 

The past performance by
any member or members of our management team and their respective affiliates, including Silverstein Properties and Silvertech Ventures,
may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. 

Information regarding performance
by our management team and their respective affiliates, including Silverstein Properties and Silvertech Ventures, is presented for informational
purposes only. Not all of the companies in which our team has invested have achieved the same level of value creation. The past performance
by any member or members of our management team and their respective affiliates, including Silverstein Properties and Silvertech Ventures,
is not a guarantee either (1) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial Business Combination or (2) of
success with respect to any Business Combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of any member or members
of our management team or their respective affiliates, including Silverstein Properties, Silvertech Ventures or any of the foregoing s
related investment s performance as indicative of our future performance of an investment in the Company or the returns the Company
will, or is likely to, generate going forward. Our management has no experience in operating special purpose acquisition companies. 

Cyber incidents or attacks
directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies,
including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may
deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure
of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential
data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against
such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability
to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business
and lead to financial loss. 

We may be a passive foreign
investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

If we are a PFIC for any taxable
year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder
may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status
for our taxable year ended December 31, 2021, our taxable year ended December 31, 2022, our current taxable year, and our subsequent taxable
years may depend upon the status of an acquired company pursuant to a Business Combination and whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception.
Depending on the particular circumstances, the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot
be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status
as a PFIC for our taxable year ended December 31, 2021, our taxable year ended December 31, 2022, our current taxable year, or any subsequent
taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, moreover, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year.
If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue
Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and
maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information,
and such election would likely be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. Holders to consult their own tax
advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules to holders of our ordinary shares and warrants. 

40 

We are an emerging growth
company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from
disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive
to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging
growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but
not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the
requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be
an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market
value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal year,
in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the end of such fiscal year. We cannot predict whether investors
will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there
may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS
Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth
companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means
that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth
company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain
reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain
a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals
or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded
 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds
 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure
obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Changes in laws or regulations
or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect
our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination, and results of operations. 

We are and will be subject
to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC
and other legal requirements, our Business Combination may be contingent on our ability to comply with certain laws and regulations and
any post-Business Combination company may be subject to additional laws and regulations. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable
laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application
may also change from time to time, including as a result of changes in economic, political, social and government policies, and those
changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination,
and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have
a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination, and results
of operations. 

41 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC
issued proposed rules that would, among other items, impose additional disclosure requirements in business combination transactions involving
special purpose acquisition companies SPACs and private operating companies; amend the financial statement requirements
applicable to business combination transactions involving such companies; update and expand guidance regarding the general use of projections
in SEC filings, as well as when projections are disclosed in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increase the
potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and impact the extent to which SPACs could
become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised
form, may materially adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination and
may increase the costs and time related thereto. 

Our search for a Business
Combination, and any target business with which we may ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected
by the geopolitical conditions resulting from the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related
individuals and entities and the status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist legislation in our target markets. 

United States and global markets
are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the invasion of Ukraine by Russia in
February 2022. In response to such invasion, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military
forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions
and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions
from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including the United States,
have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine during the ongoing military conflict, increasing
geopolitical tensions with Russia. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken
in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have created global security concerns
that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict in
Ukraine is highly unpredictable, the conflict could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices,
credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. Additionally, Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions
could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. 

Any of the abovementioned
factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian
invasion of Ukraine and subsequent sanctions, could adversely affect our search for a Business Combination and any target business with
which we may ultimately consummate a Business Combination. The extent and duration of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, resulting sanctions
and any related market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial, particularly if current or new sanctions continue
for an extended period of time or if geopolitical tensions result in expanded military operations on a global scale. Any such disruptions
may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report
on Form 10-K. If these disruptions or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate
a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which we may ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be
materially adversely affected. 

In addition, the invasion
of Ukraine by Russia, and the impact of sanctions against Russia and the potential for retaliatory acts from Russia, could result in increased
cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. 

We previously identified
a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of
internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may
adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. We may face litigation
as a result. 

Management previously identified
a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. The material weakness related to properly recording and accruing
expenses. 

42 

A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected on a timely basis. Although
we intend to implement a plan to remediate this material weakness, we cannot be certain of the success of the plan. If our remedial measures
are insufficient to address the material weakness, or if one or more additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our
disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting are discovered or occur in the future, we may not be able
to prevent or identify irregularities or ensure the fair and accurate presentation of our financial statements included in our periodic
reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Effective internal controls
are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We continue to evaluate steps to remediate the material
weakness. These remediation measures may be time consuming and costly and there is no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately
have the intended effects. 

If we identify any new material
weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our
accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may
be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable
stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our securities price may decline and
we may face litigation as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future,
will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. 

Our independent registered
public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
have 928 in cash and a working capital deficit of 807,238. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs
in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need for capital are discussed under Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital
or to consummate an initial Business Combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this Annual Report do not include any adjustments that
might result from our inability to continue as a going concern. 

Item 1.B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We currently maintain our
executive offices at 7 World Trade Center, 10 th Floor, 250 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10007. Silverstein
Properties will receive office space fees that total 12,000 per year as well as reimbursement from us for its out of pocket expenses
incurred in providing us use of this space. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

None. 

We are not currently subject
to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers
or directors in their corporate capacity. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

None. 

43 

PART
II. 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) Market Information 

Our Units began trading on
The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on September 10, 2021. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant
to purchase one Class A ordinary share. On October 29, 2021, we announced that holders of the Units may elect to separately trade the
Class A ordinary shares and redeemable warrants included in the Units commencing on November 1, 2021. Any Units not separated continue
to trade on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol SLVRU Any underlying Class A ordinary shares and redeemable warrants
that were separated trade on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbols SLVR and SLVRW, respectively. 

(b) Holders 

As of March 27,
2023, there was approximately one holder of record of our Units, approximately one holder of record of our separately traded Class A
ordinary shares, and approximately two holders of record of our redeemable warrants. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our Class A ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial Business
Combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial Business Combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent
to our initial Business Combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any
indebtedness in connection with our initial Business Combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Performance Graph 

The performance graph has
been omitted as permitted under rules applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

(f) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered Sales 

On January 21, 2021, the Sponsor
paid 25,000 to cover certain offering and formation costs of our Company in consideration for 7,187,500 Class B ordinary
shares (the Founder Shares ). In February 2021 and July 2021 (with respect to Ms. Roffman), our Sponsor transferred 25,000 Founder
Shares to each of David Z. Hirsh, Bonnie Kintzer, Dana Roffman, David Sable and Hagi Schwartz, our independent directors, at their
original per-share purchase price. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 937,500 shares which were subject to forfeiture
depending on the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised, if at all. On October 25, 2021, upon the expiration
of the 45-day period and the underwriters not exercising the over-allotment option, 937,500 Founder Shares were forfeited by
the Sponsor in order for the number of Founder Shares to collectively represent 20 of our issued and outstanding shares upon the
completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

44 

Our Sponsor purchased an aggregate
of 4,666,667 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant (for an aggregate purchase price
of 7,000,000) from us in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Each Private Placement Warrant
is exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The proceeds from the sale
of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. This issuance
was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

No underwriting discounts
or commissions were paid with respect to such sales. 

Use of Proceeds 

On September 14, 2021, we
consummated our Initial Public Offering of 25,000,000 Units at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 250,000,000. Goldman Sachs 
Co., LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. acted as joint book-running managers. We granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase
up to an additional 3,750,000 units at the Initial Public Offering price to cover over-allotments, if any. The securities sold in the
Initial Public Offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-253161). The SEC declared
the registration statements effective on September 10, 2021. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,666,667 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per
Private Placement Warrant (for an aggregate purchase price of 7,000,000) from us in a private placement. Each Private Placement Warrant
is exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The proceeds from the sale
of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If we do
not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in
the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private
Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

In connection with the Initial
Public Offering, we incurred offering costs of approximately 15,082,415 (including deferred underwriting commissions of approximately
 8,750,000). Other incurred offering costs consisted principally of preparation fees related to the Initial Public Offering. After deducting
the underwriting discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion, which amount will be payable upon consummation of the initial
Business Combination, if consummated) and the Initial Public Offering expenses, 250,000,000 of the net proceeds from our Initial
Public Offering and certain of the proceeds from the private placement of the Private Placement Warrants (or 10.00 per Unit sold in the
Initial Public Offering) was placed in the Trust Account. The net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain proceeds from the
sale of the Private Placement Warrants are held in the Trust Account and invested as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

There has been no material
change in the planned use of the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and private placement as is described in our final prospectus
related to the Initial Public Offering. For a description of the use of the proceeds generated from the Initial Public Offering, see Item
1. Business. 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

References to the Company, 
 our, us or we refer to SILVERspac Inc . The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the notes related
thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain
information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated as a
Cayman Islands exempted company on January 21, 2021 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination
using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our shares, debt or
a combination of cash, shares and debt. 

45 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from January 21, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, were organizational activities,
those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and, subsequent to the Initial Public Offering, identifying
a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business
Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur
expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due
diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a
net income of 9,196,414, which consists of the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 6,640,400 and interest earned on marketable
securities held in the Trust Account of 3,538,660, offset by formation and operating costs of 982,646. 

For the period from January 21, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, we had a net income of 970,388, which consists of the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 2,340,000
and interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 5,680, offset by formation and operating costs of 553,177
and transaction costs associated with the Initial Public Offering of 822,115. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources; Going Concern 

On September 14, 2021, we consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 25,000,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 250,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of
the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 4,666,667 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement
Warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 7,000,000. 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, a total of 250,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred 15,082,415 in Initial
Public Offering related costs, including 5,000,000 of underwriting fees, 8,750,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 1,332,415 of other
costs. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash
used in operating activities was 425,282. Net income of 9,196,414 was affected by change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 6,640,4000
and interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 3,538,660. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided
 557,364 of cash from operating activities. 

For the period from January 21, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 967,720. Net income of 970,388 was affected by formation cost paid
by Sponsor in exchange for the issuance of Founder Shares of 5,000, change in fair value of warrant liability of 2,340,000, interest
earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 5,680, and transaction costs associated with the Initial Public Offering
of 822,115. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used 419,543 of cash from operating activities. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of 253,544,340 (including 3,544,340 of interest income) consisting of money market funds which are invested
in U.S. Treasury Securities. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account to pay taxes, if any. We intend to use substantially all
of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable
and excluding deferred underwriting commissions), to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our ordinary shares or debt
is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account
will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our
growth strategies. 

46 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 928.
We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence
on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their
representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and
complete a Business Combination, and to pay taxes, if any, to the extent the interest earned on the Trust Account is not sufficient to
pay any applicable taxes. 

On November 8, 2022, the Company issued a promissory
note to the Sponsor in an aggregate amount of 250,000 (the Working Capital Promissory Note ). The Working Capital Promissory
Note is non-interest bearing and is due and payable in full in cash on the earlier of (i) the date by which we must complete a Business
Combination and (ii) the effective date of a Business Combination. 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates may, but are not obligated
to (except for any obligation pursuant to the Working Capital Promissory Note), loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business
Combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. Otherwise, such loans may be repaid
only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the
working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such
repayment. 

The Company will need to raise additional capital
through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, shareholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers,
directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they
deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able
to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to
conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential
transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially
acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern
until the earlier of the consummation of the Business Combination or September 14, 2023, the date the Company is required to liquidate.
These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the
liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with ASC 205-40, the Company has until September 14, 2023, to consummate an initial Business
Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate an initial Business Combination by this time. If an initial Business
Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Additionally,
the Company may not have sufficient liquidity to fund the working capital needs of the Company through one year from the issuance of these
financial statements. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should an initial Business Combination
not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after September
14, 2023. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2021. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose
of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any
special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

47 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay Silverstein Properties a total of up
to 12,000 per year for office space. As of December 31, 2022, we have not made any payments to Silverstein Properties pursuant to the
Amended Office Space and Indemnification Agreement. The Amended Office Space and Indemnification Agreement will terminate upon the earlier
of our consummation of a Business Combination or our liquidation. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 16,000 and 40,000 included
in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. 

The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee
of 0.35 per Unit, or 8,750,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the
Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

In connection with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company became obligated to pay its attorneys a deferred legal fee of 681,933 upon consummation of a Business Combination,
of which such amount is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The deferred fee
will be forfeited by the attorneys in the event that the Company fails to complete a Business Combination. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from
those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Warrant Liabilities 

We account for the warrants issued in connection
with our Initial Public Offering in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40 under which the Warrants do not meet the criteria
for equity treatment and must be recorded as liabilities. Accordingly, we classify the Warrants as liabilities at their fair value and
adjust the Warrants to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until
exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our statement of operations. 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Redemption 

We account for our ordinary shares subject to
possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability
instrument and measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights
that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our
control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our ordinary
shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future
events. Accordingly, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of
the shareholders deficit section of our balance sheets. 

Net Income Per Ordinary Share 

Net income per ordinary share is computed by dividing
net income by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. We apply the two-class method in calculating
earnings per share. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class A ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as
the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on our financial statements. 

48 

Item 7.A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market
Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting company
as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This information appears following
Item 16 of this Annual Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9.A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and
procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules
13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective,
due to a material weakness in our internal control related to properly recording and accruing expenses. As a result, we performed additional
analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes
that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial
position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Controls over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules
and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with
GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

49 

Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set
forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework
(2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

Management intends to implement remediation steps
to improve our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over our accrual process. Specifically, we intend to work closely
with all our advisors to ensure balances being recorded at each period end represent the accurate amounts the Company owes. 

This Report does not
include an attestation report of our internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an
emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over
financial reporting as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act during the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9.B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9.C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspection. 

Not Applicable. 

50 

PART
III. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Our current directors and
executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 Age 
 Title 
 
 Tal Kerret 
 
 52 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Chairman and Director 
 
 Charles Federman 
 
 66 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 David Z. Hirsh 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 Bonnie Kintzer 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 Dana Roffman 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 David Sable 
 
 69 
 
 Director 
 
 Hagi Schwartz 
 
 61 
 
 Director 

Tal Kerret has
served as our Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of our board of directors since our inception in January 2021. Mr. Kerret
has served as President of Silverstein Properties since January 2015. Mr. Kerret joined Silverstein Properties in 2011 and previously
served as Executive Vice President as well as Chief Investment Officer. In 2015, Mr. Kerret co-founded Silvertech Ventures,
a venture fund and accelerator affiliated with the Silverstein family in New York City, and currently serves as a Managing Member
of Silvertech Ventures. Previously, Mr. Kerret served as Chairman and Co-Founder of Oberon Media, Inc., established in 2003.
Prior to co-founding Oberon Media, Mr. Kerret was the Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder of RichFX. Before RichFX,
Mr. Kerret served as a lieutenant in the Israeli Defense Forces. Mr. Kerret is a board member of New York University Tandon
School of Engineering. He holds degrees in Mathematics and Computer Science from the Tel Aviv University. 

Charles Federman has
served as our Chief Executive Officer since our inception in January 2021. Mr. Federman co-founded Silvertech Ventures
with Mr. Kerret in 2015 and currently serves as a Managing Member of Silvertech Ventures. Mr. Federman has been a venture capital
investor individually and through the funds he has managed for over twenty years. He previously served as a Partner of BRM Group as its
first U.S. based Managing Director in 1998 and subsequently co-founded BRM Capital in 1999, where he served as a Managing Director
of the venture fund until 2008. Before joining BRM Group, Mr. Federman spent fifteen years with Broadview International beginning
in 1983 and culminating as Chairman of the firm. Mr. Federman holds a Bachelor of Science in Economics from the Wharton School of
the University of Pennsylvania. 

David Z. Hirsh has
served as a Director since September 2021. Mr. Hirsh has served as the Vice Chairman
at Sterling Investors, a real estate investment firm, since January 2022. Prior to that, he served as Senior Advisor at Sterling Investors
from April 2020 to December 2021. Mr. Hirsh previously spent approximately sixteen years, from 2002 to 2018, working in the Real
Estate Asset Management Group at Blackstone Inc. until his retirement in January 2018. During his tenure at Blackstone, Mr. Hirsh s
most significant responsibilities included day-to-day oversight and strategic management of Equity Office Properties from 2009 to
2018, IndCor Industrial Properties from 2013 to 2015, LXR Hotels and Resorts portfolio from 2004 to 2010 and several investments in the
retail and senior housing sectors. Prior to joining Blackstone, Mr. Hirsh worked at Citigroup Inc. for approximately fifteen years,
including six years in real estate asset management, where he led the hotel group, and five years in corporate finance specializing in
corporate real estate and project lending. Mr. Hirsh is involved in several philanthropic efforts including the THANC Foundation
and CaringKind. He is also an Adjunct Professor and Vice Chair of the Advisory Board at the New York University Schack Institute
of Real Estate, a Trustee of the Madison Square Park Conservancy and a Trustee at Pace University. Mr. Hirsh holds a Bachelor of
Business Administration from Pace University and a Master of Science in Real Estate Development and Investment from New York University. 

Bonnie Kintzer has
served as a Director since September 2021. Ms. Kintzer has served as the President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of Trusted
Media Brands, Inc. since April 2014. Ms. Kintzer also has served as a director of Thryv Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: THRY) since
September 2020 and Union Savings Bank since October 2020. Previously, Ms. Kintzer served as Chief Executive Officer for
Women s Marketing Inc., from April 2010 to March 2014, where she also served as a director from September 2009 to
December 2015. Ms. Kintzer is also the Chairperson of the Reader s Digest Foundation, a member of the board of directors
for the Children s Learning Center of Fairfield County and Vice Chair of the MPA The Association of Magazine Media.
Ms. Kintzer holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Clark University and a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School. 

51 

Dana Roffman has
served as a Director since September 2021. Ms. Roffman has served as a non-executive director
of Savills plc, a global real estate services provider listed on the London Stock Exchange, since November 2019, and as a non-executive
director of Cohen Steers Income Opportunities REIT, Inc. since December 2022. She was most recently a partner and founding member
of the Real Estate Private Equity group at Angelo Gordon, a privately held alternative investment firm. During her 25 year tenure, ending
in December 2019, she served as a manager and leader of investment teams across all major U.S. markets, and served as a Member of the
Investment Committees for the firm s U.S. Opportunistic, Core Plus and Value Real Estate Funds. She spent her early career in real
estate valuation and advisory at Arthur Andersen LLP in Washington, DC. Ms. Roffman also serves on the Advisory Boards of NYU Schack Institute
of Real Estate and Covercy, an investor management and banking platform for commercial real estate investment firms. Ms. Roffman holds
a Bachelor of Arts degree from Duke University and a Master of Business Administration from NYU Stern School of Business. 

David Sable has
served as a Director since September 2021. Mr. Sable is a Founding Partner of DoAble LLC, a marketing consultancy. He currently serves
as a member of the board of directors of Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (NYSE: ETD) since November 2021 and of American Eagle Outfitters Inc.
(NYSE: AEO) since October 2016. He served as a Senior Advisor to WPP plc. (NYSE: WPP) from January 2019 until March 2021.
Previously he was Chairman of VMLY R, a member of WPP plc., in 2019. Prior to this role, he had served as the Global Chief Executive
Officer of Young and Rubicam LLC, until its subsequent merger with VMLY R. Mr. Sable also served at Wunderman, Inc., a leading
customer relationship manager and digital unit of WPP plc as Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer, from August 2000 to February 2011.
Mr. Sable was previously a Founding Partner and Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer of Genesis Direct, Inc. from
June 1996 to September 2000. Mr. Sable serves on the U.S. Fund for United Nations Children s Fund (UNICEF s)
National Board, is a past Chair of the Ad Council s board of directors, is an executive board member of the United Negro College
Fund, and sits on the International Board of the Special Olympics. Mr. Sable attended New York University and Hunter College. 

Hagi Schwartz has
served as a Director since September 2021. Mr. Schwartz has served as a member of the board of directors of Mimecast Limited (Nasdaq:
MIME) since July 2015 and currently serves as the chair of the audit committee. In 2005, Mr. Schwartz founded Magnolia Capital,
an investment advisory firm, where he was Managing Director. Mr. Schwartz has served as Managing Director at Insight Partners, global
private equity and venture capital firm, since 2021, and previously served as a Senior Advisor at Insight Partners for several years.
Mr. Schwartz is also a Venture Partner at Western Technology Investment, which he joined in 2011. Previously, Mr. Schwartz served
as the Chief Financial Officer of several public and private technology companies including, HyperRoll, Inc., ATRICA, Inc., Noosh, Inc.
and Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (Nasdaq: CHKP) Check Point where he led the company through an initial public
offering and follow-on financing. Prior to Check Point, Mr. Schwartz was acting Chief Financial Officer and General Manager
of Mercury Interactive Corporation (Nasdaq: MERQ). In addition, Mr. Schwartz has served on the board of directors of Silicon Graphics
International Corp., BigFix Inc., TUI University and five other private companies. Mr. Schwartz has a B.A. in Economics and Accounting
from Bar-Ilan University. 

Director Independence 

The rules of Nasdaq require
that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our Initial Public Offering. An independent director 
is defined generally as a person other than an executive officer or employee of the company or any of its parents or subsidiaries or any
other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s
exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We have five independent directors 
as defined in Nasdaq listing rules and applicable SEC rules. Our board has determined that each of David Z. Hirsh, Bonnie Kintzer, Dana
Roffman, David Sable and Hagi Schwartz is an independent director under applicable SEC and Nasdaq listing rules. Our independent directors
will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Number, Terms of Office
and Election of Officers and Director 

Our board of directors consists
of seven members. Prior to our initial Business Combination, holders of our Founder Shares will have the right to appoint all of our directors
and remove members of the board of directors for any reason, and holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the appointment
of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended
by a special resolution passed by a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares attending and voting in a general meeting. Each of
our directors will hold office for a two-year term. Approval of our initial Business Combination will require the affirmative vote of
a majority of our board directors, which must include a majority of our independent directors. Subject to any other special rights applicable
to the shareholders, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present
and voting at the meeting of our board of directors or by a majority of the holders of our ordinary shares (or, prior to our initial Business
Combination, holders of our Founder Shares). 

52 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of
directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman,
a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Financial Officer, a Chief Operating Officer, Vice Presidents, a Secretary, Assistant
Secretaries, a Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Committees of the Board
of Directors 

Our board of directors has
three standing committees: an audit committee; a compensation committee; and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Each of
our audit committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee are composed solely of independent directors.
Each committee operates under a charter that was approved by our board of directors and has the composition and responsibilities described
below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. 

Audit Committee 

The members of our Audit Committee
are David Z. Hirsh, David Sable and Hagi Schwartz. Hagi Schwartz serves as chair of the audit committee. 

Each member of the audit committee
is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Hagi Schwartz qualifies as an audit committee financial
expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

We have adopted an audit committee
charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal
and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence, and (4) the
performance of our internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm; 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered
public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting
firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the
independent registered public accounting firm has with us in order to evaluate its continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting
firm; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

53 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting
firm describing (1) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material
issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation
by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by
the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements
with management and the independent registered public accounting firm, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of
Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors,
as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any
employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any
significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory
authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

The members of our Compensation
Committee are Bonnie Kintzer and David Sable. Bonnie Kintzer serves as chair of the compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibility of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive
Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining
and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any
incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements
for our officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

54 

The charter also provides
that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal
counsel or other adviser and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser.
However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation
committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee 

The members of our Nominating
and Corporate Governance committee are David Z. Hirsh, Bonnie Kintzer, David Sable and Hagi Schwartz. Hagi Schwartz serves as chair of
the nominating and corporate governance committee. 

We have adopted a nominating
and corporate governance committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance
committee, including: 

identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria
approved by the board of directors, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for appointment at the annual
general meeting or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; 

developing and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance
guidelines; 

coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual
directors and management in the governance of the Company; and 

reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when
necessary. 

The charter also provides
that the nominating and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any
search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and is directly responsible for approving the search firm s fees and other
retention terms. 

We have not formally established
any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying
and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge
of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders.
Prior to our initial Business Combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination
to our board of directors. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the
Exchange Act requires our officers, directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities
to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors and ten percent stockholders are required by regulation
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on review of the copies of such forms furnished to us,
or written representations that no Forms 5 were required, we believe that, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, all Section 16(a)
filing requirements applicable to our officers and directors were complied with. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of
ethics and business conduct (our Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy
of our Code of Ethics as an exhibit to this Annual Report. We have also posted a copy of our Code of Ethics and the charters of our audit
committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee on our website under www.silverspac.com Documents
and SEC Filings. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated
by reference in, and is not considered part of, this Annual Report. You are able to review these documents by accessing our public filings
at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from
us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

55 

Conflicts of Interest 

Under Cayman Islands law,
directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the
company as a whole; 

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral
purpose; 

duty to not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company
and their personal interests; and 

duty to exercise independent judgment. 

In addition to the above,
directors also owe a duty of care, which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably
diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same
functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge, skill and experience which that director
has. 

As set out above, directors
have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit
as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized
in advance by the shareholders; provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted
in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

Certain of our directors and
officers may have fiduciary and contractual duties to Silverstein Properties and/or Silvertech Ventures, and to certain companies in which
Silverstein Properties and Silvertech Ventures have invested. These entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these
entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. Subject to his or her fiduciary
duties under Cayman Islands law, none of the members of our management team have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for
a potential Business Combination of which they become aware. Our Sponsor, its affiliates, and their respective directors and officers
are also not prohibited from competing with us for acquisition opportunities, or sponsoring, investing or otherwise becoming involved
with, any other blank check companies, including in connection with their initial Business Combinations, in each case, prior to us completing
our initial Business Combination. Our management team, in their capacities as directors, officers or employees of our Sponsor or its affiliates
or in their other endeavors, may choose to present potential Business Combinations to the related entities described above, current or
future entities affiliated with or managed by our Sponsor, or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us, subject to
his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law and any other applicable fiduciary duties. Our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director
or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly
in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in
being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director
or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. For more information, see the section entitled Management Conflicts
of Interest. 

56 

Our directors and officers
presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to
which such officer or director is or will be required to present a Business Combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any
of our directors or officers becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has
then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may need to honor these fiduciary or contractual obligations to present
such Business Combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual
serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging
directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or
expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity
for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. Our directors and officers are also not required to commit any specified
amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business
activities, including identifying potential Business Combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. See Item 1A. 
Risk Factors Certain of our directors and officers are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities
engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

We do not believe, however,
that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue
Business Combination opportunities or complete our initial Business Combination. You should not rely on the historical record of our founders 
and management s performance as indicative of our future performance. See Item 1A. Risk Factors The past performance
by any member or members of our management team and their respective affiliates, including Silverstein Properties and Silvertech Ventures,
may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. 

Potential investors should
also be aware of the following potential conflicts of interest: 

None of our directors or officers is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly,
may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

In the course of their other business activities, our directors and officers may become aware of investment
and business opportunities that may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated,
including Silverstein Properties and/or Silvertech Ventures. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity
a particular business opportunity should be presented. For a complete description of our management s other affiliations, see chart
below. 

Our initial shareholders, directors and officers have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect
to any Founder Shares and public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial Business Combination. Additionally,
our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares if we fail to consummate our
initial Business Combination by September 14, 2023 (24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering) or during any Extension
Period. However, if our initial shareholders (or any of our directors, officers or affiliates) acquire public shares, they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate our initial Business Combination
within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial Business Combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds
of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and
the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the Founder Shares will not be transferable, assignable
or salable by our initial shareholders until the earlier of: (1) one year after the completion of our initial Business Combination; and
(2) subsequent to our initial Business Combination (x) if the last reported sale price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds
 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, rights issuances, consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial
Business Combination or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other
similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities
or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the Private Placement Warrants and the ordinary shares underlying such warrants, will
not be transferable, assignable or salable by our Sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial Business Combination. Since
our Sponsor and directors and officers may directly or indirectly own ordinary shares and warrants following the Initial Public Offering,
our directors and officers may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business
with which to effectuate our initial Business Combination. 

57 

Our directors and officers may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in
connection with a particular Business Combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial
Business Combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether to proceed with a particular
Business Combination. 

Our directors and officers may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular Business
Combination if the retention or resignation of any such directors and officers was included by a target business as a condition to any
agreement with respect to our initial Business Combination. 

The conflicts described above
may not be resolved in our favor. 

Accordingly, as a result of
multiple business affiliations, our directors and officers have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities
meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our directors and officers
currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may present a conflict of interest: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation Tal Kerret 
 
 Silverstein Properties, LLC (1) 
 
 Real Estate 
 
 President and Chairman 

Silvertech Ventures LLC 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Managing Manager 

Silvertech Ventures Fund I LP 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Member of the General Partner and a Limited Partner 

Fundrise, LLC 
 
 Real Estate/Software 
 
 Director 
 
 Charles Federman 
 
 Silvertech Ventures II LLC 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Managing Member 

Silvertech Ventures Fund I LP 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Member of the General Partner and a Limited Partner 

Cinch Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Commerce/Software 
 
 Board Observer 

Igentify Ltd 
 
 Healthcare/Software 
 
 Director 

Semperis, Inc. 
 
 Computer Software 
 
 Director 

SQream Technologies Ltd. 
 
 Computer Software 
 
 Director 

Alpha Partners Management LLC 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Advisory Board Member 
 
 Bonnie Kintzer 
 
 Trusted Media Brands, Inc. 
 
 Publishing/Marketing 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Thryv Holdings, Inc. 
 
 SaaS/Yellow Pages 
 
 Director and Compensation Committee Chair 

Union Savings Bank 
 
 Mutual Bank 
 
 Director and Member of the Compensation, Audit and Trust Committees 
 
 David Z. Hirsh 

RXR Real Estate Technology 
 Innovation Fund LP 
 
 PropTech 
 
 Advisory Board Member 

Sterling Investors, LP 
 
 Real Estate 
 
 Vice Chairman 
 
 Dana Roffman 
 
 Savills plc 
 
 Real Estate 
 
 Director and Member of the Remuneration and Nomination Governance Committees 

Covercy 
 
 FinTech/Real Estate 
 
 Member of the Advisory Board 

Cohen Steers Income Opportunities REIT, Inc. 
 
 Real Estate 
 
 Director and Member of the Audit Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee and Affiliated Transactions Committee (Chair) 
 
 David Sable 
 
 Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. 
 
 Retail 
 
 Director and Member of the Compensation and Corporate Governance, Nominations and Sustainability Committees 

American Eagle Outfitters Inc. 
 
 Retail 
 
 Director and Member of the Compensation, Audit and Nominating Committees 

DoAble LLC 
 
 Marketing/Consulting 
 
 Founder and Partner 
 
 Hagi Schwartz 
 
 Mimecast Limited 
 
 Software 
 
 Director and Audit Committee Chair 

Montara Inc. 
 
 Software 
 
 Director 

Yoobic Limited 
 
 Software 
 
 Director 

Optibus Limited 
 
 Software 
 
 Director 

TytoCare Limited 
 
 Medical Devices 
 
 Director 

Laminar Inc. 
 
 Software 
 
 Director 

Sightfull Inc. 
 
 Software 
 
 Director 

Insight Partners 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Managing Director 

(1) Includes certain other affiliates and portfolio companies of
Silverstein Properties. 

58 

Accordingly, if any of the
above directors or officers become aware of a Business Combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which
he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity, subject
to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except
and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities
or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate
in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on
the other. We do not believe, however, that any of the foregoing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations will materially affect our
ability to identify and pursue Business Combination opportunities or complete our initial Business Combination. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, directors or officers. In the event we seek
to complete our initial Business Combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, would
obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another valuation or appraisal firm that regularly renders fairness opinions
on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire that such an initial Business Combination is fair to our Company from a financial
point of view. 

In addition, our Sponsor or
any of its affiliates may make additional investments in the Company in connection with the initial Business Combination, although our
Sponsor and its affiliates have no obligation or current intention to do so. If our Sponsor or any of its affiliates elects to make additional
investments, such proposed investments could influence our Sponsor s motivation to complete an initial Business Combination. 

In the event that we submit
our initial Business Combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders, directors and officers have agreed,
pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote any Founder Shares (and their permitted transferees will agree)
and public shares held by them in favor of our initial Business Combination. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Officer and Director Compensation 

None of our directors or officers
have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on Nasdaq
through the earlier of consummation of our initial Business Combination and our liquidation, we will pay office space fees to Silverstein
Properties that total 12,000 per year pursuant to the Amended Office Space and Indemnification Agreement (see Item 13. Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence Amended Office Space and Indemnification Agreement ).
Our Sponsor, directors and officers, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business
Combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our Sponsor, directors, officers
or our or any of their respective affiliates. In February 2021 and July 2021 (with respect to Ms. Roffman), our Sponsor transferred
25,000 Founder Shares to each of David Z. Hirsh, Bonnie Kintzer, Dana Roffman, David Sable and Hagi Schwartz, our independent directors,
at their original per-share purchase price. 

59 

After the completion of our
initial Business Combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other
compensation from the combined company. All compensation will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed Business Combination. It is
unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will be
responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers after the completion
of our initial Business Combination will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 

We are not party to any agreements
with our directors and officers that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The existence or terms of any such employment
or consulting arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, and we do not
believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial Business Combination should be a determining
factor in our decision to proceed with any potential Business Combination. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth
information available to us at March 27, 2023 regarding the beneficial ownership of our
ordinary shares held by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers and directors; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially
owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the Private Placement Warrants as these warrants
are not exercisable within 60 days of March 27, 2023. 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares (1) 

Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class Issued and Outstanding Ordinary Shares 
 Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class Issued and Outstanding Ordinary Shares 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (2) 

SILVERspac Sponsor LLC (our Sponsor) (3) 

6,125,000 
 19.6 
 
 Tal Kerret (3) 

6,125,000 
 19.6 
 
 Charles Federman (3) 

6,125,000 
 19.6 
 
 David Z. Hirsh 

25,000 

Bonnie Kintzer 

25,000 

Dana Roffman 

25,000 

David Sable 

25,000 

Hagi Schwartz 

25,000 

All directors and officers as a group (seven individuals) 

6,250,000 
 20.0 
 
 D.E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C. (4) 
 1,815,000 
 7.30 

Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (5) 
 2,475,000 
 9.90 

Linden Capital L.P. (6) 
 2,135,000 
 8.50 

Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P. (7) 
 2,071,833 
 8.29 

Less than one percent. 

(1) Interests shown consist solely of Founder Shares, classified
as Class B ordinary shares. Such ordinary shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment,
as described in the section entitled Description of Securities in our prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4)
(File No. 333-253161). 

(2) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the
following entities or individuals is 7 World Trade Center, 10th Floor, 250 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10007. 

60 

(3) SILVERspac Sponsor LLC, our Sponsor, is the record holder of
the Class B ordinary shares reported herein. Certain members of our management team, including each of our officers, are direct and/or
indirect members of our Sponsor. Messrs. Kerret and Federman may be deemed to beneficially own shares held by our Sponsor by virtue of
their shared control over our Sponsor. Other than Messrs. Kerret and Federman, no member of our Sponsor exercises voting or dispositive
control over any of the shares held by our Sponsor. Each of Messrs. Kerret and Federman disclaims beneficial ownership of our ordinary
shares held by our Sponsor. The business address of these reporting persons is 7 World Trade Center, 10 th Floor, 250 Greenwich
Street, New York, NY 10007. 

(4) According to Schedule
13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, D.E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C.; D.E. Shaw Co., L.L.C.; D.E. Shaw Co.,
L.P.; and Mr. David E. Shaw share voting and dispositive power over the Class A ordinary shares reported herein . The business
address of the reporting persons is 1166 Avenue of the Americas, 9 th Floor, New York, NY 10036. 

(5) According to a Schedule
13G filed with the SEC on February 11, 2022, Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. has sole voting and dispositive power over the Class
A ordinary shares reported herein. The business address of this reporting person is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J
0E6. 

(6) According to a Schedule
13G/A filed with the SEC on February 3, 2023, Linden Capital L.P.; Linden GP LLC; Linden Advisors LP; and Mr. Siu Min Wong share voting
and dispositive power over the Class A ordinary shares reported herein. As reported in Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on September 20,
2021, the principal business address for Linden Capital L.P. is Victoria Place, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton HM10, Bermuda and the principal
business address for each of Linden Advisors LP, Linden GP LLC and Mr. Wong is 590 Madison Avenue, 15 th Floor, New York, New
York 10022. 

(7) According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February
14, 2023, Radcliffe Capital Management, L.P.; RGC Management Company, LLC; Mr. Steven B. Katznelson; Mr. Christopher Hinkel; Radcliffe
SPAC Master Fund, L.P.; and Radcliffe SPAC GP, LLC share voting and dispositive power over the Class A ordinary shares reported herein.
The business address of these reporting persons is 50 Monument Road, Suite 300, Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004. 

Our initial shareholders beneficially
own 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares and will have the right to elect all of our directors prior to our initial Business Combination
as a result of holding all of the Founder Shares. Holders of our public shares will not have the right to appoint any directors to our
board of directors prior to our initial Business Combination. In addition, because of their ownership block, our initial shareholders
may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. 

Founder Shares 

On January 21, 2021, the Sponsor
paid 25,000 to cover certain offering and formation costs of the Company in consideration for 7,187,500 Class B ordinary
shares (the Founder Shares ). In February 2021 and July 2021 (with respect to Ms. Roffman), our Sponsor transferred 25,000 Founder
Shares to each of David Z. Hirsh, Bonnie Kintzer, Dana Roffman, David Sable and Hagi Schwartz, our independent director, at their
original per-share purchase price. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 937,500 shares which were subject to forfeiture
depending on the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised, if at all. On October 25, 2021, upon the expiration
of the 45-day period and the underwriters not exercising the over-allotment option, 937,500 Founder Shares were forfeited by
the Sponsor in order for the number of Founder Shares to collectively represent 20 of our issued and outstanding shares upon the
completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

61 

The initial shareholders have
agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one
year after the completion of a Business Combination; and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported
sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends,
rights issuances, consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any
30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation,
merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right
to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

In connection with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, certain qualified institutional buyers or institutional accredited investors Anchor Investors acquired from the Sponsor an indirect economic interest in an aggregate of 1,485,606 Founder Shares at the original purchase
price that the Sponsor paid for the Founder Shares. The Sponsor has agreed to distribute such Founder Shares to the Anchor Investors after
the completion of a Business Combination. We estimated the aggregate fair value of the Founder Shares attributable to the Anchor Investors
to be 8,393,674, or 5.65 per share. The fair value of the Founder Shares were valued using a binomial/lattice model. The excess
of the fair value of the Founder Shares was determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. Accordingly,
the offering cost was allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair
value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs related to the Founder Shares amounted to 8,393,674, of which 369,322 were
expensed to the statements of operations and included in transaction costs attributable to warrant liabilities and the remaining 8,024,352 was
netted to accumulated deficit due to a lack of balance in additional paid in capital. 

The allocation of the Founder
Shares to the director nominees is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under
ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. We have hired
a valuation firm to assess using the lattice model, the fair value associated with the Founder Shares granted. The fair value of the 100,000 shares
granted to our director in February 2021 was 252,000 or 2.52 per share. The fair value of the 25,000 shares granted
in July 2021 was 77,500 or 3.10 per share. The Founder Shares were granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence
of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founder Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is met
under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. As of December 31, 2022, we determined the performance conditions had
not been met, and, therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at
the date the performance conditions are met (i.e., upon consummation of a Business Combination) in an amount equal to the number of Founder
Shares vested times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the purchase
of the Founder Shares. 

Private Placement Warrants 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,666,667 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per
Private Placement Warrant (for an aggregate purchase price of 7,000,000) from us in a private placement. Each Private Placement Warrant
is exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8 
Warrant Liability). The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public
Offering held in the Trust Account. If we do not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the
sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to
the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

62 

Registration Rights 

Pursuant to a registration
rights agreement entered into on September 9, 2021, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may
be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private
Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares)
are entitled to certain registration rights. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short
form registration demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration
rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the Business Combination and rights to require us
to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement
provides that we will not be required to effect or permit any registration or cause any registration statement to become effective until
termination of the applicable lock-up period. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. 

Related Party Loans 

Promissory Note 

On January 26, 2021, the Company
issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to
an aggregate principal amount of 300,000. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2021,
or the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding amount of 258,731 was repaid during the Initial Public Offering. 

Working Capital Loans 

In order to fund working capital
deficiencies or to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or
certain of the Company s directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working
Capital Loans ). Except as described below, the terms of such Working Capital Loans have not been determined and no written agreements
exist with respect to such loans. 

If the Company completes a
Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company.
Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid in cash upon
consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 2,000,000 of such Working Capital
Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant. The warrants would be
identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

On November 8, 2022, the Company
issued a promissory note to the Sponsor in an aggregate amount of 250,000 (the Working Capital Promissory Note ). The Working
Capital Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and is due and payable in full in cash (and is not convertible in warrants) on the earlier
of (i) the date by which we have to complete a Business Combination and (ii) the effective date of a Business Combination. 

As of December 31, 2021, there
were no Working Capital Loans outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, there was 24,000 outstanding of Working Capital Loans under the Working
Capital Promissory Note. 

63 

Amended Office Space and
Indemnification Agreement 

We entered into an office
space and indemnification agreement on September 9, 2021, as amended on March 21, 2022, to, among other things, pay Silverstein Properties
a total of up to 12,000 per year for office space. The Amended Office Space and Indemnification Agreement will terminate upon the
earlier of our consummation of a Business Combination or our liquidation. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The following is a summary of fees paid or to
be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees
consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally
provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the
audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and
other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January 21, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021 totaled 90,125 and 125,145. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee
meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services
consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute
or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning
financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January 21, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2021. 

Tax Fees . The aggregate
fees billed by Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the period from January 21, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021 totaled 11,330 and 0. 

All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for
other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from January 21, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Policy on Board Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible
Non-Audit Services of the Independent Auditors 

Our audit committee was formed
upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services,
although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation
of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted
non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions
for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

64 

PART IV. 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 688) 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheet 
 F-3 
 
 Statement of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statement of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 
 F-5 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-19 

(3) Financial Statement Schedules 

None. 

(3) Exhibits 

The exhibits listed in the
accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 

3.1(1) 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company. 
 
 4.1(1) 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. 
 
 4.2(2) 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. 
 
 4.3(3) 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate. 
 
 4.4 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (included in Exhibit 4.1). 
 
 4.5(4) 
 
 Description of the Company s securities. 
 
 10.1(1) 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors. 
 
 10.2(1) 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. 
 
 10.3(1) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor and certain other security holders named therein. 
 
 10.4(1) 
 
 Office Space and Indemnification Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, between the Company, the Sponsor and Silverstein Properties LLC . 
 
 10.5(4) 
 
 Amendment to Office Space and Indemnification Agreement, dated March 21, 2022, between the Company, the Sponsor and Silverstein Properties LLC. 
 
 10.6(1) 
 
 Sponsor Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor. 
 
 10.7(5) 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of November 8, 2022, issued to SILVERspac Sponsor LLC. 
 
 10.7(1) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, between the Company and Charles Federman. 
 
 10.8(1) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, between the Company and Tal Kerret. 
 
 10.9(1) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, between the Company and David Z. Hirsh. 
 
 10.10(1) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, between the Company and Bonnie Kintzer. 
 
 10.11(1) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, between the Company and Dana Roffman. 
 
 10.12(1) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, between the Company and David Sable. 
 
 10.13(1) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated September 9, 2021, between the Company and Hagi Schwartz. 
 
 14.1(4) 
 
 Code of Ethics and Business Conduct of the Company. 

65 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

(1) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form
8-K filed on September 14, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(2) Previously filed as an exhibit to Amendment No. 4 to the Form
S-1 Registration Statement filed on August 23, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(3) Previously filed as an exhibit to Amendment No. 1 to the Form
S-1 Registration Statement filed on March 12, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(4) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form
10-K filed on March 22, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(5) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q filed on November 9, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

66 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SILVERspac Inc. 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Charles Federman 

Charles Federman 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Tal Kerret 

Tal Kerret 

Chairman and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and 
Principal Accounting
 Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant on March
28, 2023 and in the capacities indicated. 

/s/ Charles Federman 

Name: 
 Charles Federman 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Tal Kerret 

Name: 
 Tal Kerret 

Title: 
 Chairman and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ David Z. Hirsh 

Name: 
 David Z. Hirsh 

Title: 
 Director 

/s/ Bonnie Kintzer 

Name: 
 Bonnie Kintzer 

Title: 
 Director 

/s/ Dana Roffman 

Name: 
 Dana Roffman 

Title: 
 Director 

/s/ David Sable 

Name: 
 David Sable 

Title: 
 Director 

/s/ Hagi Schwartz 

Name: 
 Hagi Schwartz 

Title: 
 Director 

67 

SILVERSPAC INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

SILVERspac Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet s 
of SILVERspac Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders 
deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 21, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 21, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and
the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a reasonable
period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in
Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 28, 2023 

F- 2 

SILVERSPAC INC. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Prepaid expenses long-term 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued offering costs 

Promissory note related party 

Total current liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding subject to possible redemption at redemption value at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

SILVERSPAC INC. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
 For the Period from January 21, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Formation and operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Transaction costs associated with the Initial Public Offering 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Other income, net 

Net income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

SILVERSPAC INC. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR
THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 21, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance January 21, 2021 (Inception) 

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 

Cash paid in excess of fair value Private Placement Warrants 

Forfeiture of Founder Shares 

Re-measurement for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Office space fees forfeited by sponsor 

Re-measurement for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

SILVERSPAC INC. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
 For the period from January 21, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Formation cost paid by Sponsor in exchange for the issuance of Founder Shares 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Transaction costs associated with the Initial Public Offering 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Net cash used in in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants 

Proceeds from promissory note related party 

Repayment of promissory note related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Non-Cash investing and financing activities: 

Offering costs included in accrued offering costs 

Offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for the issuance of Founder Shares 

Re-measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Forfeiture of founder shares 

Office space fees forfeited by sponsor 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

SILVERSPAC INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered,
the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 

warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 
per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to SILVERspac Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds
of , which is described in Note 4. 

, consisting
of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public
Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account which is invested
in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the
 Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out
as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company. Except with respect
to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to pay the Company s taxes, if any, the funds held
in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination
or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, as described below. 

per share), calculated
as of two business days prior to the completion of a Business Combination, including any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in
the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business
Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. 

F- 7 

SILVERSPAC INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

upon such completion of a Business Combination and, if the Company
seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, it receives an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law approving
a Business Combination, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who vote at a general meeting of the Company.
If a shareholder vote is not required under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold
a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association,
conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and file tender
offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing
a Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to
vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased in or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving
a Business Combination and to waive its redemption rights with respect to any such shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve
a Business Combination. However, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that the Company may not redeem
its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than . Additionally, each public shareholder
may elect to redeem its Public Shares, without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against a proposed
Business Combination. 

of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 

of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the
Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial
business combination activity, unless the Company provides the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares
in conjunction with any such amendment and (iii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect
to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by
the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights
as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve
and liquidate, subject in each case to its obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. 

). 

F- 8 

SILVERSPAC INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

per Public Share or (2) such lesser amount per Public Share
held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of trust assets, in each
case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a
third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the
Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to
be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by
endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent auditors), prospective target businesses
or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

in its operating bank accounts, in securities held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase
or redeem its ordinary shares in connection therewith and working capital deficit of . As of December 31, 2022, of
the amount on deposit in the Trust Account represented interest income, which is available to pay the Company s tax obligations
and dissolution expenses of up to . 

from the issuance of these financial statements. Management has determined
that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should an initial Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution
raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying
amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after September 14, 2023. 

F- 9 

SILVERSPAC INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

F- 10 

SILVERSPAC INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

F- 11 

SILVERSPAC INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

, of which were charged to shareholders deficit upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering and
 were expensed to the statement of operations. 

Class
A ordinary shares in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts
that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted
net income per ordinary share is the same as basic net income per ordinary share for the period presented. 

F- 12 

SILVERSPAC INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share

. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts. 

. 

F- 13 

SILVERSPAC INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Units at a purchase price of per Unit. 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement
Warrant (for an aggregate purchase price of from the Company in a private placement. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable
for Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8). The proceeds from the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not
complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the
Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private
Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

to cover certain offering and formation costs of the Company in consideration for Class B ordinary shares (the Founder
Shares ). In February 2021 and July 2021 (with respect to Ms. Roffman), our Sponsor transferred Founder Shares to each of
David Z. Hirsh, Bonnie Kintzer, Dana Roffman, David Sable and Hagi Schwartz, our independent director nominees, at their original per-share
purchase price. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares which were subject to forfeiture depending on the extent
that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised, if at all. On October 25, 2021, upon the expiration of the 45-day
period and the underwriters not exercising the over-allotment option, Founder Shares were forfeited by the Sponsor in order for
the number of Founder Shares to collectively represent of the Company s issued and outstanding shares upon the completion of
the Initial Public Offering. 

per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, rights issuances, consolidations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
at least 150 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share
exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange
their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Founder Shares at the original purchase price that the Sponsor
paid for the Founder Shares. The Sponsor has agreed to distribute such Founder Shares to the Anchor Investors after the completion of
a Business Combination. The Company estimated the aggregate fair value of the Founder Shares attributable to the Anchor Investors to be
 , or per share. The fair value of the Founder Shares were valued using a binomial/lattice model. The excess of the fair
value of the Founder Shares was determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. Accordingly,
the offering cost was allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair
value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs related to the Founder Shares amounted to , of which 
were expensed to the statements of operations and included in transaction costs attributable to warrant liabilities and the remaining
 was netted to accumulated deficit due to a lack of balance in additional paid in capital. 

shares granted to the Company s director nominees in February 2021 was or per share. The fair value of the 
shares granted in July 2021 was or per share. The Founder Shares were granted subject to a performance condition (i.e.,
the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founder Shares is recognized only when the performance
condition is met under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined the
performance conditions had not been met, and, therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. Stock-based compensation
would be recognized at the date the performance conditions are met (i.e., upon consummation of a Business Combination) in an amount equal
to the number of Founder Shares vested times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially
received for the purchase of the Founder Shares. 

F- 14 

SILVERSPAC INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

per year for office space. Upon completion of a Business
Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these fees. 

to per year, effective from September
9, 2021. As a result of the Amended Office Space and Indemnification agreement, the Company recorded a contribution to additional paid
in capital of . For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 21, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021, the Company incurred and in fees for these services, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were
 and included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. 

. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2021, or the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding amount of was repaid during the Initial Public Offering. 

of such Working Capital Loans may
be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical
to the Private Placement Warrants. 

(the Working Capital Promissory Note ). The Working Capital Promissory
Note is non-interest bearing and is due and payable in full in cash (and is not convertible in warrants) on the earlier of (i) the date
by which we have to complete a Business Combination and (ii) the effective date of a Business Combination. 

outstanding of Working Capital Loans under the Working Capital Promissory
Note. 

and for consulting services, respectively. 

F- 15 

SILVERSPAC INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. On October 25, 2021, the over-allotment option expired unexercised. 

per Unit, or in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters
are entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters
from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms
of the underwriting agreement. 

Class
B ordinary shares held by the Sponsor. 

upon consummation of a Business Combination.
Accordingly, the Company recorded as accrued offering costs in the accompanying balance sheets. The deferred fee will be forfeited
by the attorneys in the event that the Company fails to complete a Business Combination. 

preference shares with a par value of per share, with such designations, voting and other rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
were no preference shares issued and outstanding. 

Class A ordinary shares, with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A ordinary
shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares issued and
outstanding, including shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, which are presented as temporary equity. 

F- 16 

SILVERSPAC INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Class B ordinary shares, with a par value of per share. Holders of the Class B ordinary
shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and
outstanding. On October 25, 2021, upon the expiration of the 45-day period and the underwriters not exercising the over-allotment option,
 Class B ordinary shares were forfeited by the Sponsor in order for the number of Founder Shares to collectively represent equal
 of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

of the sum of all ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering
plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the Business Combination, excluding
any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the Business Combination. 

Public Warrants outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon
exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination. The
Public Warrants will expire from the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 17 

SILVERSPAC INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public
Warrants (except with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

F- 18 

SILVERSPAC INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Private Placement Warrants outstanding. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold
in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise
of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination,
subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable,
except as described above, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement
Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be
redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

1 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liability Public Warrants 

1 

1 

Warrant liability Private Placement Warrants 

2 

2 

on the Working Capital Loan as described in Note 5. 

F- 19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_silverspac.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Charles Federman, certify
that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SILVERspac Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023 

/s/ Charles Federman 

Charles Federman 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_silverspac.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Tal Kerret, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SILVERspac Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023 

/s/ Tal Kerret 

Tal Kerret 

Chairman and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and 

Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_silverspac.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of SILVERspac Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: March 28, 2023 

/s/ Charles Federman 

Charles Federman 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-2_silverspac.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of SILVERspac Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: March 28, 2023 

/s/ Tal Kerret 

Tal Kerret 

Chairman and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and 

Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 slvru-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 slvru-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 slvru-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 slvru-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 slvru-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

